Pc specs:
i9 9900k at 4.6GHz CPU
64GB RAM
Nvidia RTX 2080 Ti 
2x 1Tb hard drives
Elgato HD60 pro capture card (for consoles) 

Everything else:
Shure blx4r wireless lav
Sennheiser mkh416
Sony a7r ii
Elgato key lights
Elgato stream deck
Logitch pro g mouse and keyboard
 GoXLR mixer
Jack went from Irish potato farmer to lvl. 150 millennial in a just a few years.
And he STILL doesn't have a Coca Cola Zero sugar same great coke taste but zero sugar
now with a hint of added vanilla sponsorship
jack remember kindergarden well number 2 is coming out june 2019 i would love to see you play that
Jack, ya silly boy. Now we know you live on earth! Everybody show up at the earths atmosphere
I have a ps4 camera, a $100 canon camera, a forever 21 mirror as a flip screen and a macbook with imovie BUTTTTTTT I have the same ikea broken lamp as jackaboi, mines ain't broken but glad to be among the same top tier high quality mediocrity 👌 

also where's the roll up green screen backdrop hmmmMMM 🤔
Top 3 most sparkliest things:
Diamonds
Glitter
JACKS BEARD
That’s all good, but can your computer handle 100x100x100 block of TNT getting set off in minecraft?
Imagine being Jack and you're relaxing and you can hear the muffled screams of fan girls in distance....you turn around and see  a group of girls squashed up faces on the window.....
Me: what about the tape on the chair






Jack: DONT WORRY ABOUT IT
1. IMPROVE YOUR CABLE MANAGEMENT




2. Send it to Setup Wars
Jack is straight FLEXXING on us...
FYI kindergarten 2 is coming out in June 2019
I just realized that Jack still did not tear off the duct tape on his chair yet
jack has done his setup tour

Felix... it's your turn
Blue light lamp:

 *looks at Red lamp*
*looks back to jack*
Am I a  to you?
It's a FAKE BACKGROUND!! YOU CAN'T FOOL ME THIS TIME JACK!!
Great video Jack! 
But the real question is...





Is the background real or fake?
Jacksepticeye 2 years ago:”I wish I had a full man beard!”

Jacksepticeye Now: SNATCHED KRATOS’S BEARD
Who remembers: 








Guessing phrases in other languages?? •w•
Oh if only my setup looked this nice... One day, one day it will... :P  Thanks so much for this tour, Sean! Loved it! <3
Pretty Sure The White Board Suppose To Say L A U G H
Plac that says “the office”. Because this is my office




Edit: I never would of guessed that it was your office!😂
Jack: I hope that you have a good day, ok bye 

Outro: I’m still a joke to you, ain’t I?
Hi jack
What screens do you use?  
Greetings from the Netherlands
GREEN BACKGROUND!!!!
You forgot about the green background.
And whit what do you automatlickly get what tou want on the background.
Everyday Jack moves closer and closer to becoming the father
Nobody:
No human:
No soul in the universe:

Jack: Here's my office setup
Jack, Can you do more drum videos preferably drum covers??, also can the song be thousand foot krutch - Courtesy Call??
I use super high end stuff But For myself I don't agree with yt lol
Was I the only one who thought jack was going to say “ Laugh! “ but instead said “ouch!” ? 😂
Make this blue if you love jacksepticeye
👇(I'm gifting subscribers)
Damn Sean. Even with this whole setup you still don't have the Coke sponsorship.
But honestly for some reason I love when people talk about there setups or hardware.
Edit: Someone's going to say "I'll show you hardware" and I'm honestly just waiting for it🐺😹
Jack, what do you use to record gameplay or anything on the PC in general?
YESS I love computer stuff, and camera stuff, and audio stuff... I'm such a nerd, a moment of realization right here.
Jack: I like doing the standing stuff for
Thinking
Me: Jacksepticeye Funniest home videos,reddit videos,VR games
I love that he still has Spider-Loaf on his monitor!
Just saying thanks so much Sean you at first made me do YouTube. Sure I'm not the best or have the best stuff but playing games is what I enjoy and that's the best part.
Is it weird that I love Jack's new haircut
You are a rich boi I am not 😣😔😕😢😭😭😭😭
Jack looks like Elijah Kamski from Detroit becomes human.
As you can tell, Jack likes to put glitter in his beard.
Wait, how does the greenscreen work? 🤨🤔
Quick flex with the royalty ram 😂😂 Love u jack
Can we all just respect jack for his cable managment
You know this man swapped out his hentai wallpaper for the making of this video...
What I wanna know is:
WHERE'S THE DRUM SET?
Fan questions.
Dem likes.
Jacksepticeye, how do you do Antisepticeye? Show me how to edit plz! Thanks.
After hearing Sean saying that I don't need all that Youtuber crap, I feel "important" now.
Real background/fake background place ya bets
Show us your samily (Sam family) please 😊
"I'm not going to show you my house"
what do you mean jack?
We live in your house, remember????
We never left....
Is Jack's hair really gray to u guys compared to his beard?😂😂
I was just captivated by that high quality beard the entire video.
like a cat and a laser.
Rtx Titian is actually the best right now
Omg I have the same keyboard as jack!
Jack: I use Adobe and  Premiere to edit


Robin: Am I a Joke to you?


Thanks for the  likes!
What are Jacksepticeye's headphones called does anybody know?
Gonna sound odd but I’ve always really liked how Sean’s mic picks him up in a softer tone when he rages and scoots away from the mic. He’s right it does add a “genuine element” and makes the quality better somehow. Anyone else agree?
I don have much time but I'm using my friends account he is in the bathroom can u do me this favor okay my friend is a you tuber and has not made a video for a while cause he thinks he will never succeed can u give him a shout out to boost his confidence cause he is not in the mood to make a video and want to make him happy. And I know you will he has watched you since he was 9. he is 14. Thank you very much Sean.
Jack, you should play Just Shapes and Beats
But you didn't tell us the full specs of your pc. You only talked about the GPU and case.
OMG you getting older or there are stars in your hair
We were ALL WAITING FOR THIS JACK
Jack: talking about Pc specs
Me: confused silence
Jack: keeps going
Me: slams table ENGLISH!
opens door

Jack: "Yo! Welcome to mah crib
Of course people are gonna find where you live. Just follow the screams of the Irish septic boy.
other english speakers:where?
irish people:Hwere?
Great setup! Always good to see how the pros do it.

Do you use a UPS to keep things running if there was a power cut?
JAAAAAACKKKKKK WEEEE HAVVVEEE THE SAME FOOKIN DOORS
Man, I love having notifications! Jelly with Jacks Setup ;-;
Jack:*talks about computer*

Me:NEEEEERRRRRDDDDD!!!
Jack: talking about all the pc stuff
Me: yep, uhm uhm, got it
Jackseptickeye's Office Setup Tour. More like Irish Boy Flexes PC
All of this shiny equipment, and that blue lamp is like, “Father?!” Lol poor thing. 



Also, I just realized that the tape on your chair is to cover the green for green screen vids.
Jack... when are you gonna unbox stuff from your last tour? I prepared my stuff for you 4 months in advance... I’d love to see a unboxing tour gift video from last years tour...
Jack....u didnt show us your search history..
Jack: if I had more lights in the background 
Me: so you can smash them all?
Your pc could power my life support
JACK, PLAY PCBUILDER!

you dont have to upload it, but if you like building pcs.... well it's in  the name XD
You look a little like doctor strange with the beard
So they streamsniped you irl?
Jack: The computer is a beast, it can run anything



Computer: has trouble loading beamng
What headphone do you use jack?
in the philipines PMA stands for (philipine military academy)
Don't let this distract you when Geico can save you 15% or more on car insurance.
Fascinating to see how professional Jack's gotten over the years :D I still remember his old "setup video" from back at the wooden cabin with the pillows on the walls and all that!  
Any other 2013 / 2014 people around?
Blue lights biggest enemy: jack with VR headset
G-FUEL sponsor this man
Jack , which editing software do you use?
Love the set up but what editing software does Robin use?
Jack: (chair squeaks) OW!

Felix: (THUMP!) BUt CaN yOu Do ThIs?!?!
I have that exact same mouse omg!!!

It has worked really, REALLY well for me for a long time.
Need a new chair though xD Unless the tape is not for covering up damages?
have you ever used a editing software called DaVinci Reslove?
0:52 Jack records in IKEA change my mind
Who does the thumbnails
You or robin?
Hey jack!

Just wondering if u can tell me (or anyone else) what monitors u use and editing software and microphone and recording software ty
Jack's insane.
He basically lives in a padded room
Thank you. I'm 11and I'm starting YouTube. That really helped A LOT!
Can we take a moment and admire Jack's eyes
Gorgeous <3
Meme in the background in the beginning
at least u dont use that beast vga to watch meme 



kidding
:Smacks board: LAUGH
You forgot the green screen😂 there's tape on your chair for a reason😂
Based off of how nice the door is your house/set up is beautiful.
Sick setup dude , I like seeing other YouTubers setups, it’s inspiring.
How do u connect and record your ps4
Sean, may you please make more Subnautica below zero, satisfactory, and/or vacation simulator content. We all miss it and we’d appreciate it. Love everything you do keep it.👍👌
What happened to Satisfactory w/ Robin?
(puts this video on in the background while I do other stuff)
Me:
Jack: (normal Jack stuff, I'm not really listening)
Jack: REGULAR BOWEL MOVEMENTS
Me: wait what
(video ends)
Jack: talks about the power of the graphics card

Me: But can it handle 1000 Mammoths vs 1000 Hiwachas on TABS? 🤔
jacks beard sparkling brighter than my future damn! What do you use on that? 😂✨
I'm a total computer nerd, i got rediculously exited at the Gforce RTX 2018 Ti XD Nice compter, tho, jack!
Do you have glitter in your beard?


I sat looking at it the whole intro. ;;)
Yesterday I watched some of your Room tours and wanted to see a new one. And you uploaded what I wanted.... what a coincidence...

Edit: btw the same happened to Bottleflip challenge. I had watched the old one and Felix uploaded a new one the next day
Can't wait until the next episode comes out of Sally face comes out
it seems Jack that you have a better system than me, but I might as well share my setup, I use Sony Vegas Pro 15 cause I find it better suits my cinematicness whether in gameplays or filmmaking, and I use Audacity for my audio cause it's really great for voice acting, I even learned how to make Dalek and Cybermen voices in it, as for a camera, whatever's high quality and portable, a mic? I use a Rock Band game mic cause it's made by Logitech and so it's an actual USB mic despite it being made for an early 2000's PS2 game it has modern day mic quality and it's freakin awesome, it was basically a free mic that came with the game, as for monitor, I use a tv screen for the main monitor cause it's gigantic, nice flat screen tv that's HD, I also use it as a tv, now I don't have a second monitor yet but I'll get one, as for the computer, I'm still trying to find the right kind for me, I wanna get a VR ready computer, as for my seat, I'll be planning to get a couch instead, haven't got the best lights yet, still new despite my channel being 5 years old since May 4th, still trying to figure things out but if you can suggest stuff for me, go right ahead, I don't have much right now
dare you to build me a gaming pc you said you like making pc's :D
RELEASE THE GREEN

Your chair is sad, being hidden from the world!
Sean, you should try like cooking videos!! Like trying to make different meals!! That would be so cool lmao
You look like the father in Farcry 5 (not being rude)
WHERES THE FUCKEN GREEN SCREENNNN
jk lol. Great setup!
any decent quality microphone that cheap for youtube ?
I am very sorry jack for not keeping up for 2 years
Ok,ok you've seen the video,now answer the question:
You are the luckiest person.
Be glad you have that sweet pc!!!
i still try to game on a 2012 samsung laptop...."try" (intel hd 3000) 
just for asmall benchmark thing 
*ahem* 5 fps on fortnite
(display settings lower than humanly possible)
 
help me please
oh lord
Technically the RTX Titan is stronger than the RTX 2080ti
REEE
You're wrong, the RTX 2080 TI MSI Lightning Z is better and the RTX Titan X is better, but the EVGA is the third most powerful
More drum vids? I’m a drummer
Jacksepticeye:two computers 
Cartoonz:five computers
Jacksepticeye is now jack samurai xD


The man bun
Wait, hold on! It takes 14 minutes for a office tour? GASP!
Damn dude your skin is nice. Hella jealous.
@jacksepticeye I know this is random but why do you have duct tape on your chair. Keep up the good work. :)
Jack forgot to play Real Background Fake Background
JACK TABS HAS POSSESSION NOW SO YOU CAN PLAY AS ROGER
I gotta say jack... your office is new and improved
when he doesn't talk about lights at the back ground 
sad lamp noises
When you're irish but you acctually Scandinavian
That camera you showed us looks AMAZING
Jack! Thanks for the video, that computer is crazy awesome!  I also love the taped up chair and the broken lamp in the background, have to keep it real too.  <3
There’s a Pepsi add before this...IM LAUGHING TOO MUCH
I want a basement tour, I am not a cop, you can take my word for it.
Like if he looks crazy in his screen shot
how do you send your camera recordings to your PC if not please reply
Jack haven't you heard that heroes never dye ? ;) 
Or are you just getting getting old ? :D
I love and hate set up videos because it makes me happy for them and yet jealous that they have awesome stuff
Thank you Jack for all this useful information and showing respect for all you fans with what you share on your own YouTube channel. 
Actually,  I have a question that I'm thinking about it alot. The question is belonging to the time you spent editing your videos and  how could you manage your time doing all that stuff alone?? 
I would be so thankful if you answer my question and thank you again for spreading happiness and love to all world.
Regards 
Ahmad AlQattan
i need that graphics card but damn is it expensive
sees Jack's pc tower oh..my...god. I would love one of those
Hey, Sean remember that blue light 😅
Well now people have a reason for robbing you. For the PC!
Jack: I like being energetic 
Me: no......... I thought you hated it
Hey jack what keyboard do
U have
The tape on ur chair is it FLEX TAPE?
Nobody: 

Literally the whole world:

Anti: 
Rick and Morty Season 4 is being released in November 2019
You should do an anthem gameplay series it would be good
Do u know season 4 of rick and morty is coming out on November
Who remembers the old setup? ONE MONITOR
JACK!!!!! WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR CHAIR?!
Jack you forgot the Keyboard that makes sounds, how'd you do it??
tHaT bEaRd ThO!!!

*ORGASMIC NOISES
aAaaaAAAAaaAaAaAaAAAAhHHHHhhHhHhhHhHHHhH!
I love your work jack and is good ✌️💙
Whew. I was almost lost to that memorizing beard!
Nah Sean, your setup is one of the most unique setup because of the whiteboard. You realize that right.
When are you gonna fix the blue light!!!
This was such a good video! I enjoyed this a lot!!!
You should do a voice for one of the GTA 6 characters
look i don't want to be a duche but the titan rtx is better




don't kill me tho...
while jack has a monster of a pc that could legit play ANYTHING...i have a cheapo wall-mart hp notebook 15 laptop.... aka...im a bit jealous..xD
@Jackcepticeye How do you add a face cam when editing or recording? Like how do you overlay it on the video?
All hail the glistening beard of the Gaelic Gladiator!
I thought the Titian was the most powerful GPU
Jack lives with Kratos and Boy in a cabin in the middle of the woods
Jack... you look more and more like your one brother everday. You can definitely tell you two are brothers. Lol
JACK! good Lord man, fix that lamp!! Duck tape that sh*t or somethin' !
Rtx titan is the most powerful gpu
JACK WHER'S ALL THE DRUM VIDS ITS BEEN 3 YEARS MAN!
One question 
Where’s ur ps4? Or Xbox
Jack play some more T.A.B.S PLS!
You sure know a lot of these things, I don't even know how to use an iPhone xD
Jack, your beard is on fire!
What headphones u have Jack?
Idek why but this was really inspiring? Lmao
Titan rtx is better than a 2080 ti just btw
Can we get some more drumming videos? I enjoyed them :)
The glowup is real. Setup and your style. You seem happier
JACK I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO FOR THE PAST 2 YEARS
9900k and RTX 2080Ti....


AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
Jack I love you 
Hopefully one day I’ll do such a setup for my channel 😂
Wait, The Office US version or UK version?
The blue lamp is still broken 🤣
I like the tape on you chair.
and is it just the lighting or are you getting really grey?
Can you do like a obs settings video? For recording?
Real background or fake background 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Jack my boy youve changed not for the better you need Sam to be more imcluded in the vids everyone would loove it
Do you ever plan to fix the lamp? I mean, the lamps beautiful, but everybody asks. Just curious 😊
i was distracted the whole time by you're shiny beard. It's one point man :P
You know you've made it as a YouTuber when: You use a $750+ camera to record
Jack I need help with drumming can you be my drum teacher
Your beard looks so soft, dude.
Jack:has a EVGA GEFORCE RTX 2080 Ti graphics card 
Me : but he uploads videos at 480 p
Super spicy setup tour !
I do appreciate his cable management
Hi Sean, nice office. Great YT channel! What is your favorite genre for games?
What a really amazing setup! Thanks for showing us! ^_^
Thank you for supporting Mobile gamers
I love that he's just accepted his broken light as part of the background now.
Seems like a NVIDIA plug for NVIDIA sponsorship :P
I like the lighting system. Link to specifics?
I play on a literal wooden box where i store my school art stuff
knowledge is power, 10Q.
He should buy a car! Next video suggestion: Car tour
Idk but jack kinda looks like John Seed (far cry 5)
i havent watched you for so long but hello !
Jack should play minecraft in 4k with light ray tracing
yes! I have been wanting one of these for a while. thank you
I LOVE YOUR BEARD SO MUCH!!!!
I’m jealous of that desktop now it’s stronger than my laptop I have
Hi I'm 11 I've just completed a week of sats and came to check to see what videos you uploaded. Thank you for being a brilliant YouTuber
I thought you live in Felix's basement? 
Hmmmmmmmm
Green Screen?
jack we have the same mouse and keyboard😂😂😂
Your beard looks so dapper!
THANKS JACK! I haz questions though.
Why premier instead of Vegas Pro?
Do you prefer full tower or small?
Do you recommend Bandicam, OBS or ShadowPlay for recording?
Will you ever do a shoutout competition?
And lastly, can we get to 1000 subs by the middle of July???

YOU DA MAN JACKABOY!!
awesome setup hope I get anything close to this one day to record videos on
You missed something
A successful career and a lot of money
You should put fairy lights around the whiteboard 🤩
La- - oh no wait *ahem*  MEME
You've changed so much ! I😭
No one:
Absolutely no one: 
Not a single friggin person on earth: 
Sean: L A U G H
Where's the drumming man? I've really been wanting to see more drumming videos
Is it just me or does Jack's hair look lighter (and possibly more grey) than normal?
this is literally just depressing to see jack with that PC and I'm sitting here with a 1060 3GB and an i5 7600k lmao
Hey Jack
What is a good PC to start gaming on?
PIN ME O MIGHTY GAELIC GLADIATOR
I miss the “top of the morning to ya laddies”
I miss the “top of the morning to ya laddies”
Yes i want to do something i want to watch jacksepticeye's gaming videos everyday
i am a bit jelous about the PC... i am not unfortunet in the least, i still got my 970 but i would wanna upgrade and love the way your pc looks...
First




Man on The moon was neil armstrong
You said the RTX 2080 ti can handle every games huh? Can it run Minecraft?
exCUSE ME WHERES YOUR BACKDROP ?
You remind me of Horizon: Zero Dawn.
I love jacks outro song can someone tell me the name of it plz
2 videos a day? This is why we love you Séan. Thank you for your hard work.
Love to take a view of room. Your video have such a good quality not like some one have 95 mil sub 😏
Every time you have your name in a video title it comes out like
Jackseptice 
ye’s office setup tour
Play this video 2x speed lol
but where is the green screen roller? 🤔
I'm always fascinated by gaming setups
Which processor do you use for your computer ?
green screen?

where is that
JACK YOU FORGOT THE CHAIR
I run a 550 Ti... need to get a new card... but costs more mons than I has
I don’t need to watch, I already know it’s amazing
Jack is talking
Looks at the chair and is thinking how the heck tape got there
Can you please do another subnautica video,do a farming for the full release of the game or update
Wow it's changed since his other room tour
Jack's old af now dude he has gray in his temples
A lens measured in volume. It records things in four dimensions!
Thank you so much, Jack for the advice 😊
lmao he still hasn't fixed the lamp XD
Jack: THIS IS THE BEST GRAPHICS CARD ON THE EARTH!!

Me: You haven't heard of NASA?
I wonder how much everything in that room costs all together
Play the sims 4 again, I think it could be a energetic or calm let’s play!
SHAVE YOUR BEARD I MISS YOUR BABYFACE 😂
bro drop your skincare routine
I remember the old setup video in the cabin, oh how times have changed
You need to use less beard oil buddy xD or maybe a different one...
JACK why is your hair grey?
Titan RTX smh Lol xD
you should play minecraft on the highest settings
Don't forget the premium-quality black tape.
what happen to his chair
What about your green screen? Do you use an Elgato green screen?
I'm wondering what he ever did with all of his awesome collectables that he had in his previous setup
Will youi post drum covers or drum videos again ?
Play kindergarten 2 in June when it comes out pls
Jack loving the hair colour
I like the led lights in your computer. They make it look neat.
Attach the mike to the bottom of the rift screen and run the cords down the headset
I don’t have anywhere else to say this so I just came to jacks latest vid anyway can somebody please make a meme where jack’s face is swapped with his coke bottle and the coke bottle is saying jack zero sugar same great jack taste now with an added hint of septiceye please
EPIC GAMER!!!
you should make a 360 video :)
The light blue light is still broken😂😂
I respect your privacy
He says ask in the comments but then he never notices you anyways XD
YOU MISSED YOUR ALCOHOL STASH
Not bad not bad 💪🏻
Jack's eyes <3
Jack, when are you going to do more drum covers?
Cool setup video jack😎
Jack rocking the pony tail ayyy 😂
Hey Sean, how many sound-proofing pads have you used throughout your office?
But can it play Crysis?
I wish he started by slapping the board 😂😂
Would love to see you do a "How to build a computer" guide
Thanks for the good advice jack
“ACTION!”

DUN DUN DUN
I'm distracted by your shining beard. I'm sorry I didn't hear you very well😂 Blame your beard!
Size doesn’t matter





Said no woman ever
u missed ur gren screen, blue and red lights.
JACK i have the same computer mouse as yours.LOGITECH Rainbow.
Holy shit doesn’t watch jacksepticeye for ages and see



Him with a beard 😳😳 he looks soooooo different
You forgot the most important part that you have and use for your videos - PMA
Jack they gave u a skin in ben and ed multiplayer but its ur green hair u lil green bean boi
2:51 Boy that knee doesn’t sound good
Rip jacks old computer from his last tour
It might just be the lighting but his hair look grey
play god of war 1/2/3
You have awesome computer it's so cool
Is the chair STILL taped up from TABS?
Shhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaveeeeeeeeee and dye your hair again pls🙏 i miss that
Anybody think his background music sounds like a ToonTown Sound Track
Hey man! Where'd you get your standing desk from? Or where would you recommend to get standing desks?
Meme Review 👏👏
His beard is so shiny 😂
14:08 When he gets outside his Office
The Stress of Youtube has turned Jack incredibly Grey.
U need to fix the blue lamp soon😂😂😂
I have followed you on Insta
Great video I'd like to know what kind of chair using though please and thank you
I'm actually really loving the grey hair, it looks awesome
Can we see the drum room plz
6:39 you know thers the Titan v and others
Your videos and voice are why I live p.s your funny and have an amazing ascent and smile
Sus-Chopstick-eye
Jack where is all the figurines from the last setup
where did you get those background lights
F A K E!! Ya cant fool us Jack



By the way I 🧡💛💚 your channel
Blx4r /a lot of numbers/
JAAAAAACK!!!!! WHAT ABOUT THE GREEN SCREEN!!!!!
my grap card has a dragon on it is a gaming grap card
The question is, which The Office are you a fan of - US or UK?
"Don't let the size fool you"
Do u use one computer for vids and one for editing or one for both
The poor red lamp is there and it can’t get the attention it wants it’s always the blue lamp🤣
But why no mini fridge? Saves the trip if your doing 8 hours of streaming
His magnificent beard is glistening
Is it just me or is jacks hair going grey?
Also what happened to green chair?
Rocking the man bun
Omg you have the same PC and monitor as me
Jack, why aren't you using an SSD?
I wish i had a setup like that ;-;-
Bro your old hair and no facial hair looked wayyyy better
Isn't the ps5 supposed to have a 2080 ti?
It's so weird that I was actually always curious what your recording room looks like.. I feel like some stalker.. :D
Man your PC is the one I dream of..
But wouldn't a X299 cpu with more cores do a better job at rendering and editing? Just a thought..
What resolution are your monitors? 1080p or 1440p? Awesome setup!
SILVER FOX 🦊 👌
whats ur stream deck like
But Jack, what about your monitor specs?
The O in the Origin logo kinda looks like a Septic Eye actually.
For sure, you don't need all this stuff. It might make things easier but it's just something to aspire to have eventually (and he didn't even show everything because I'm pretty sure that's an Elgato stream deck under the left monitor.)
Hey Jack are u ever gonna do more satisfactory?
This would be my setup goal. Unfortunately money and space is an issue 💔
gosh you starled me at the start😂
your beard is SOOOOOO SHINY!!
Mad , ive been subscribed to this channel on 8 different accounts and i first subbed to u at 3k
Well technically the 2080 ti isn't the faster or strongest you on the planet, the fastest GPU on the planet is a Nvidia rtx quatro 8000  it's 50x stronger and faster than the 2080ti and
i feel like im the only one that's here since the wood cabin tour...
You should get an uninterruptible power supply for your setup 1500VA PFC would probably do but even if power may be very stable the minor fluctuations in the power could damage components a little bit quicker or if you lose power even for a few seconds while recording the video would have to be completely redone from corrupt files
Daddy with a top knot 🤤
How did you get them to all connect and form a video?
You don't have the ultimate gamer chair for 399 only, that can do this.... and that .
A Cool setup of tuber simulator.
Heck yeah I’ve been waiting
I'll wait for u to sleep jack. . .

Hee. . .hee. . .hee




. . .Just kidding bruh. . .




I don't even know ur address
Well now we know there's no green screen
How to sneak into the house and say hi to Jack : disguise as a pc inspector.
I feel like Jack is gonna change his yt icon to PMA...
I was wondering what kind of screen recording software you use or would recommend, and also how you record sound from games while having it go through headphones?
And the mysterious green screen still eludes us.
Holy beard care oil!
You look like a Viking Sean😂🙄👏
Which version of the, The Office do you prefer the UK or US
I love that blue light just hanging there broken while playing Gorn.
Pls do more drum videos
Had this happen to you before when you record with a mic and then in your videos you sound different
Why does Jack look like Randolph or is it just me😂
ive been gone so long... what happened to jacks hair
Jack! You have 2 computor
Give us drum content!
is it me or does most famous youtubers i see have the same kind of soundproofing?
I love your vids but U NEED TO SHAVE
I know that left corner in the top of the room...I'm on my way Jack!!!!
pls bring back drumming
FIX. THAT. LAMP.
Jackaboy needs some SSDs and 240hz monitors if he doesnt already, I just heard him say his monitors were set to 144
but the real quetion is tho... real background or fake background
What ever happened to the drum set you had.
your awesome bro!
Play some more songs on your drums
Hey you wanna swap PCs? its really antique!
Wow you really getting a beard now
Like the one which lets you be free from cables
You stole my hair style i have a tail too👌👌
I love the design of ur wall
Went away for a while only to come back to Jack channeling the Mandarin/Trevor Slattery(?).
we need more drum videos
Séan I love ur bracelet
We say BUT but you say BUTT
you forgot about the GREEN SCREEN
Sean you said that your a big fan of the Office, are you a fan of the american or the british one?
His got grey hairs :(
'I'm not an axe murderer, but...'

I know why he won't show his apartment. 

Do you have 90 minutes?
That damn beard is beautiful
Kan we just take a moment to appreciate dis MANLY BOY with his beard sniff the good old days when he barely had anything but a neck beard
The fuggin side chain when he opens the box lol
But jack what kind of lamps do you use?
Do USB cables look different in Ireland too?
Remeber jackaboy was a boy? Now he’s a 29 year old man!




Only happy wheels can save you now😔
If you have the time I would love to watch you play "A Ghost of a Tale"
What kind of headphones do you use??
5:48 
Thats what she said
What version of the office is your favorite
How rich are you?
He's ears =the 5th dimenston😮😮do NOT tell anyone!!🤫🤫🤫
Actually I know sean's house 
I saw him go out when i was in my aunt's house for the wifi to watch him but i will not say where he lives because of my respect to him
jack can you show us the green screen
Why dus his beard gliter
Your beard is so sparkly. o.o
2:14 I just now noticed that he has ear rings
I had no clue what you were talking about half of the time but I’m glad I watched it❤️😂
you should honestly show that pc off more dude. Its super clean and would make your setup look even more sick!
why on god's green earth did jack lose 5.2K subscribers on tuesday and 2.9K subscribers on Wednesday?!?!??!
your beard is so shiny! It reminds me of looking closely at a superhot character!
Speaking of drums, you ever gonna do more covers? The last one was really good! I’d love to hear more System Of A Down. Maybe “Aerials”, or “Violent Pornography”.

Either way, S.O.A.D or not, would love to see more drum covers in general.

Much love. Sincerely, a long time fan.
Its all fake! It was green screen all this time
Sean, please for the love of cheese, shave your beard! At least trim it!
I literally use my iPad and screen recording
lookin like shia le beouf
jack go play roblox!
We haven't got a tour since gizmo was at ur parents house...
Look lad, ye has a bit of glitter beard
WHERES THE GREEN SCREEN 😭
Care to drop the skin care?
I think Sean is going grey. And I'm completely  loving for it! He's  absolutely  adorable and we should show love to the graying boi
LOL I had this stream deck to
Love that Kratos beard
Septiplier???
i really do love that when you walk to the back and the audio gets affected when you say laugh!.
You might have a good camera But can your chair DO THIS ???????
I wonder if Sean still plays the drums on his own or if he doesn't have time
Play Ori and the blind foresy it has good art Style and its a game the is super fun
who made that intro. its so cool.
Play kindergarten 2
The shiniest beard in the whole wide world!
8:40 you could stick it onto the back side of that support bar for the table
I remember when you struggled to grow stubble and now you’re a Beard God
Epic unboxing
that is one very fancy looking setup you got there, jack.
2.5 million income i thought a bit more no afence
Wtf jack has a man bun now 😂
Can't focus on set-up tour.. too distracted by Sean's super sparkly beard??
That graphics card is over a thousand dollars imagin the full cost of that PC.
Can u bring back vlogs
Fake background or real background!?!?!?
MAN you really know your stuff
Jack is that gray hair I see
ever hear of a humble brag
everyone like so jack can see 
kindergarten 2 is coming soon and its not what he though nugget is STILL ALIVE
Do you have 90 minutes
Did you play hurling when you we're young
Love the custom CPU!!!!
its okay jack, we wont showw up on your doorstop
Im seeing a lot of grey in jack's hair. Then I remembered that that's his hair from the start.
Hi Jack :)
THIS IS AMAZING!
lol I've got an MSI GT 73 7RF Titan Pro, a razer huntsman elite, and a razer basilisk and my games run at 16 fps :(( Anybody does givaways? lol
Jack has a little man bun I didn't know he did
Meme * clap * Board * clap *
Is there an unofficial setup tour? Like did somebody break in and make a tour of your setup?
The blue light is still broken :v
I dare you to find a space rock
Hey did not know where to share this but in MK11 I just found a customisation item in the Krypt called "Jack's Epic Eye". You got an Easter Egg in the game, congratulations! :D
Guys who has been here since happy whells or before like if you have
I just beat the last guardian
Can you play Crisis on it
Tha super special thing is the video you make ✌✌
Thank you for sharing! I understand keeping your home private, considering you share so much of your life with us already.
Jack you forgot the Green screen
but wheres the greenscreen or did you chroma key it out of the video:O??
it looks like theres glitter in his beard💖
Yea, yea, yea. All this information is very nice and all,
but why don't you tell us what everyone here ACTUALLY want to know?




What is the name of that type of whiteboard you're having in the background?
Video starts at 0:00 by the way.
Lol i watched the story then got curious about the setup behind him then i see this, how convenient
Please play turbo dismount again. PLZ
Do you still drum? And if so, are you going to do any more covers?
99.9% original content
Drum video. Now. PLEASE
claps SETUP TOUR
You should play clash royal
Why is Jack's beard so sparkly
Jack's a bouncy boy
jack can you play a hat in time?
How do you like your mixer the GOXLR? I have been thinking of picking it up in a few months when I get the money for it.
Can you do a computer test using ultimate epic battle simulator saw tecno do it thought it would be good to see how it would handle it
Is it just me or Is Jack's Hair looks Whiter?
ABSOLUTE UNIT
8:17 "doesn't slow down a thingle thing" XD
Sean I'm your member
He lives in Brighton
8:37 nah my pc cabels are messy Like if u agree don't like if u don't want to
But what about the RTX Titan
How did you get your beard to fill in so nicely? I want mine to.
Oh that LAMP! 0_o
recording software?
Nice setup dude 👍
Why is jack’s beard so sparkly when he was kneeling down showing his PC 😆
Question, what do you use to record games on pc/PS4/Xbox
Jack yer goin grey!
What happend to the old intro
You for got to show your vr setup
Jack you should let robin edit an entire video for himself like He makes a video out of edits that would be cool
Nice look!!!  Very punk meets heavy metal meets basic training...
4:34 to 4:36 scared the shit out of me, almost jumped out of my chair
Ayy my dad works for zeiss lol
You missed the green screen
Where's My TABS!!!
You can hear Jack's knees crack at 2:53 😫😫😫
what headset is that?  ;D
Plz do happy wheels season 2
marker specs?
I see 214 people didn't have a good day today
Dear Jack, can I have your office?
your beard looks like my pubes
OH MY GOD WHAT HAPPENED TO JACK!!! YOUR HAIR
4:20 reminds me of KickthePj
Dude how tf is jacks beard so sparkly
Replay Skyrim pls
Oh my JEYSUS YOUR BEARD IS GLORIOUS!
IRISH FOR LIFEEEEEE
Stil haven’t fixed the lamp
DIRTY HIPPIE!
Are you a communist?
Play more apex
I like your beard Jack.
Mount the cam to the monitor stand
Can you please die your hair green again I really loved it when it was here
show the drums!!!
Neat! Thanks Sean
I wnat to know how much your setup is all together so some of us can us yours
You should gift felix your camera, that guy is really struggling with the quality.
you reminde me of a viking like me :)
So the lights still broken??😁
Make your videos 1440p
i wanted to see the green screen
Set speed to 0.25  and look out his door
2080Ti is the strongest "consumer" GPU, Titan RTX is slightly faster, and some Nvidia Tesla GPUs are way faster.
JACK you forgot to show where you store all your Coke Zero same great coke taste zero suger (now with added vanilla flavoring)
What about the green screen?
literealy doing up my setup search up setups on youtube and this pops up :)
Holy shoot you look different last time I watched you was when you did happy wheels
do you use cortana? you can right click in windows bar to remove it :)
I love the office!!,
When's the next drum video
You forgot the lamps
:sub:
microphone?
It was secretly all a greenscreen
This Irish man
Is it just me or is his hair gray
Jack I unsubscribed from you because you have a little ponytail
Why is your chair duct-taped?
what type of headphones do you use? i remember you talking about in a earlier video but i cant remember which one😞
Are you going to play kindergarten 2 when it comes out
Nice sparkle beard. Fresh wash?
That beard is glistening
But was the background fake or real?
I searched "Jse Setup" Literally yesterday. I rewatched your old video then I said "I wish Jack made a newer video about his setup.". And you did it... Wow.
His beard is so sparkly in this vid
Hey Jack can you show us your cutter on video please? :)
Started watching you this week and your a absolute legend!!. Love your videos and love your accent 😂. Keep up the good work bud :)
Hi Sean, This is a great set up video. The desk is a good touch for when making videos, It's very fancy. Me and my co host too use a levalier mic but not with the reciever we just use an ipod that was purchased and it works just as well. We do also use a mic when Livestreaming which is also amazing. Keep up the videos dude it's always nice to let the fans see your kind of set up. P.S. Love the wire management the wires on my set up are all over the place :')
I can imagine buying a desk like that before realising my cables are too short and everytime i raise it the monitir disconnects.
Its weird to me that he has a studio to record in now, and he used to live in a room and block echo's with a matress.  Time flies by way too fast.
Hey eh has pewdiepies mic quality now
The video has a Pepsi ad
Now make a video of Robin's setup. :D And what monitor stand is that?
Get rid of the Man bun
E L G A T O
That table is the best thing I’ve ever seen
Jack really is becoming peak hipster
Ps. Just put oil in the beard before recording? Respect
Okay I need u to shave jack plz
I really think sean should start a series about computer making or something like that. Just bc he likes talking about it so much. I'd really like to hear and learn more about computers but from sean teaching me xD
I have been waiting for so long
I’ve been sub shins 10 subs
Jack where's your greenscreen
Jack please play super Mario maker 2 plz
Sorry, I was mesmerized the entire time by Jack's beard; it looked so glittery :D
Obviously that computer isn't for sale, but if it was about how much would it be?
You’re beard looks so sick
You changed from a normal good person to a hipster boy
Make sure you register that assault knife
What ever happened to the drum videos?
The soundproofing on the walls... did you have to glue the squares up yourself or did it come as a big sheet?
How is the green screen atachted?
I just realized that jack has a really sexy forehead
That beard brah! :)
Why is your beard so shiny
I can conclude that Jack's camera quality is better than Felix's
You should send a camera recommendation to Felix
Jack can you play destiny1???
Jack I stop watching you when I was 10 and now I’m 14 so 4 years and I’m finally coming back to your channel I’m not sure if I grew out of your channel or what but stay awesome my dude 🤙
Jack has a transformer! Is it a autobot? Or a decepticon?
Wow Dude wtf happend to you 
I was looking 5 seconds away and now you look wierd 

But if you like it its cool wiht me 
PMA! : )
No mini fridge with pop in?
Please do a twitter comments
But what about those sick headphones you just forgot to give us a name for when you hyped them in another video
you should shave your beard a litel
Hey Séan, what monitors do you use? Or anyone in the comments if I missed it?
what if this is all fake? he never mentioned the greenscreen..
I haven't been around as much lately, but I noticed you stopped doing your famous intro and outro in your 'vlog' videos... what happened?
Nice beard bro
G-Grey hair already? Is he stressed?
Thank you jack
I need those 64 gb ram please xD It like the only thing I am missing.
Take the tape off your chair!
What are the thing you have on your sound board
Our boy is so gray
The light in the back is still broken lol
Sheit. Jack is old hes hair is grey
What kind of headphones do you have?
Green screen? You just leave that on the floor? What brand?
My birthday is tomorrow, you should do a try not to laugh video but as anti
I respect NVIDIA and their products, although I just prefer AMD. (Also known as: ASUS, Republic of Gamers and STRIX or ROG STRIX)
oh god i think jack is getting old look at the grey hair
the green screen sean
Sean what is the duck tape on your chair for???
Been here since a while.....BOI WHERE IS THAT HORSEY U LEFT IN THAT IRISH POTATOFARM
Jack how much did that camera cost
Please play a plague tale innocence
Is JACK is the pirate from SPONGEBOB cuz he always says RRRRRRRRRRRR RRRR RRRRRR
Im crying ;(
Why did he dye his beard
Look at the luscious beard!
What is your be pack called
What brand of desk is it I have been looking for one?
I can’t take my eye off that sparkly beard.
what about the greenscreen
Jack how do you muffle mouse noise
Jack, my man. You look older, God I remember you in 2014, how times fly.
YOUR NEW LOOK IS SO DAMN COOL
Wait did i see tridentz royal in your pc?
How much did your computer cost jack
you didnt go over any of the peripharels
Any body notice that masculant beard geese
Drum seeeeett
Why dont you play the arkham games
your pc is so clean mine is dusty af all the time
People started going to Jack's house!?
Is jack becoming white and bald
Two questions. One what's on your window sill and what green screen do you have?
Jack: talks about GPU for 5mins straight
CPU: am I a joke to you?
yo jack can you tell where your bracelet is from ?
How much storage does your PC actually have tho
Vacation Simulator?
Your hair is geting realy grey
Perfect timing, I’ve been looking at a bunch of YouTuber’s setups because I’m going to make my own soon, have a good day all the people reading this.
Wait, why did jack said ouch. Did he hit the table end or the chair I don’t know.
Your greenscreen
jack play hollow knight
has 20 million subs and still uses hard drives instead of ssd's
What monitors do you use @jacksepticeye
Why is he exited for a box in a box 5:40
Can you play the mobile game «the gardens between» kinda wanna see someone play it or tell me if its good or not, so i can buy it :)
People, don't just show up at a YouTuber's house uninvited. It's super creepy! I get you might be excited to meet them but imagine being in their shoes. That is so freaky.
Did anyone else realise that jack is going grey
Nice Jack!!
The chair is still taped...
jack-moisty-beard-septiceye
Why is there tape on your chair? that's my question
Where do you bougth the mikrophone
Where did all of your P.O gifts go??
Is it just me or does Jack’s hair looks white
Jaaaaack Youtubers life has a New update!!, like if u want Jack to play Youtuber's Life The New Update!!
THANK GOD
Thank You Sean for your words on You Tubing. I've slowly built up my YouTube channel over three years after getting my Bachelors Degree in Film in 2016 and I'm now reaching a point where I truly feel I am enjoying it. I've almost got my setup that I want and it just...feels good to be able to be myself and entertain people.
well...theres the damaged lamp still
When is your next drumming video
What camera are you using to record this?
GREEN SCREEEN
I'd like to know what the sound mixer-like thing is, there on the right above the PC.
5.7k comment
الي قعد طول الفيديو يشوف اذنة لايك👍
Bro jack changed
Hey Sean. You forgot it include your green screen and voice changer stuff
I'm going to be getting a desk just like that from DSA (disabled student allowance) to help me with my course work, it was nice to see what it looks like in action
Lil bit grey
At 3:46 the lighting gives jack gray hair.
How do you vocal effects when record let’s plays?
I wish I have a office like that
I do YouTube, this account, I record on my phone with the app DU Recorder, I don't use the mic, but I do app music.
Play slender the arrival
Kratos?
That's so cool!!
YouTube advertisers finally found a way to get me to watch their ads, by putting tubthumpin by chumbawumba in them.
Jackspidicey looking old in this vid.
Your chair?
jacks hair is really gray
Hopping my set up is that great one day but for now I make due with what I have 





Subscribe for one day my set up is close to that great
A $2000 camera, wow.  Puts my poor $8 folsom webcam to shame.  🤣
Jack play A Plague Tale Innocence
Please play generation Zero
what about the greenscreen?
Does jacksepticeye have grey hairs?! I refuse to believe it
0:52 WE HAVE A GLIPSE OF OUTSIDE HIS ROOM, WE KNOW WHERE YOU ARE JACK, YOU BETTER BE EXPECTING US
Or You could just do what I did
Jack have you tried a titan ti?
Its really wierd when he says arm..he say it like erm
How much is the graphics card you use?
What headphones do you use ?
Really cool Shaun👍👍
That beard though
hey jack wheres anti
Jack you are the absolute coolest guy ever I I have been watching you’re videos a the way back to you’re first vid, to the end of happy wheels to now and I think you have grown so much and have given us the best content so thank you jack so very much for being the best youtuber ever!!!!!!!
What do you use for your vocal effects at the touch of a button? I'm guessing it's on the stream deck but what software is it to change your voice? Cheers Sean
Jack, there IS a septic eye in your com... it even flashes different colours
What are the monitors?
What about your greenscreen
The P.M.A logo is like the color of ur hair black and white ✌😂
Why is the beard so shiny!!
Do you have apple watch s4. If so, is it 40 or 44mm. I am thinking of getting it and i wanna know if you recommend it.
That beard
I'm only gone for a few years and you got a better beard
Your hair looks white in the beginning
2:51 leg pops...i dunno why i liked that but meh maybe you noticed and were like huh?
show us that you have legs
jack how come you stopped playing we happy few?
What about your chair? Why is it taped?
Do you have 90 minutes to go over the jacksepticeye office tour?
Wait i am the  only  one who saw hole in the ear ?
Welcome youtube
Fake background?
Meme
Other than the lavalier mic, I'm assuming, because you are an "energetic boy," you are using an omni-directional mic at your desk? Very nice set up. A dream set up for most of us who do sound and/or video recording, or are aspiring to do so. Only thing with new computers, I'm not a big fan of Windows 10. Thanks for giving us a tour of your great studio set up!
When a rich kid shows his true form.
I’ll tell you what I don’t understand. What did 209 people dislike about this video????
Your green-screen is on the floor. So how do you get it to stay up and not fall?
I havent really watched jack in over a year and I come back to see him with gauges and a man bun wtf
what abaut the lights in behind!
Jack has grey hair
What about your keyboard and mouse?
Blue lamp photo bombing all the time.
Jack, where's the green screen
yyaaaaaayyy finally
I wish that I had as nice of a PC as you have but I'm too poor. :-(
i've been here since 4 mil subs and i don't mean to sound like a hater but Don't u guys think Sean's changed somewhat?
Can you give us a tour of your bathroom
Too much beard oil, it makes it look like you're wearing velcro
6:30 Well... RTX Titan runs in the distance
Hey I'm trying to buy a gaming PC my first one what brand should I buy it from
deep voice from taken Just from that door I know where you live, I will find you and I will slap you like you do to your whiteboard....
Hey jack please notice this, kindergarten the game 2 is coming out, remember with nugget so please notice this
Play gta v again plz
the one thing I got out of this video is jack you still have to fix ur blue light
Same outdo from 6 years ago
Wheres your setup with all the things youve gotten from fans and all your figurienes n stuff i wanna seeee it
more tabs
Very motivative cuz I am new noobie youtuber
It's shit to hear that when you were renting in the past people would just appear on your door step and expect something form it, that's supper creepy
He probably answered it and I'm dumb but what headphones does he have?
How the hell did people even find out where he lived through the inside of his house/apartment?
Do you oil your beard
There I lay wondering.... is his hair going grey?
What about your green screen? Where’s that at in your room?
Does anyone know what monitors he uses? Thankyou
8:03 look at his hair
Lose the beard
Me ded guys he has sooooooo much stuft to record with omg
I feel like the broken light is a reminder for spacing during VR and thats why it doesn't get replaced.
Whats your screen recorder
What about the sound board?
Hey jack did u dye ur hair on the sides or r u just getting old?
Nice set up. If you made it stay green the eye emblem would look loosely like a septic eye
Damn that forehead
Remember the old days when u used to do the outro like “well that’s it for this episode and I’ll see all u dudes in the next videoooo and high fives all round kapeesh kapeesh”
I'm kind of curious about his house, but at the same time, can't /belive/ people went to the other places he'd lived...that's just creepy; he needs and deserves privacy just like everyone else
Yeah it's insane... now I feel poor
His hair!?
Finally!
can i get your old pc cause i need something too
green screen?
Please keep that hair and beard. ❤️❤️❤️
4:34 please tell me i wasn't the only one who instantly thought of mettaton
I just thought:
jack's earlobe streacher things he could probably fit a pencil through them XD
what's the sound board
Bring back drumming videos?
Where is the green screen?!
my pc has 2  1080 ti's in it
Its a green screen its a lie I tell you
Can you please please die your hair green again please please
Get a haircut
Can I play crisis
Quick question...Are we ever gonna get another drumming video again? Just been wondering...for a while...
Am I the only one who misses the drum covers
How much storage does your computer have
What's that on the window ledge at 11:24 to me it looks like a single server rack. And on top of it there is a casual monitor.
Speaking of drums, you have to make more drumming videos!!
Okay thats cool and all, But can it run Crysis?
I haven't visited this channel In a long time but he has VERY MUCH changed his appearance
I wonder if the green haired jacksepticeye would have ever imagined a room like that
his hair is like suuuuper white looking     lol light
Am I the only one who assumed Sean’s floor was carpet
Origin is honestly a really really bad company from my experience. About constant issues for years though I’m sure especially in these cases of sponsorships they make sure it works out for them.
Can it run crysis
mEmE
2016 Jackaboy 2019 jackaman
Are you old
felix should get a camera
Sean I still love you but I miss your old look. I liked it when you just had green hair and no ear hole things and beard.
With my cosplay content I just need a camera, cosplays and conputer to record unless i do a challenge video or a video at night I need the lights lol
What’s his wallpaper?
Cut ur beard
Is 64GB of RAM really necessary
With all the lighting right up on Sean's face, I couldn't really tell how much gray hair he had... But oof after watching this, Wow at 29, I don't know anyone who's had that much hair decolored
GodDamn you look old
Good choice on the 55mm prime. Amazing lens. Wouldn't have thought of it for content like yours but you definitely make it work very well! nice choice, always love to hear peeps that are into their camera gear!
What Desk?
Ah finally.
Man bun O.O
The Green Screen Must Be Hideing.....
Green screen?
Green screen?
Green screen?
How do you get the markers to fall
If you are in South Africa and saw the simble that was on the camera (simble is ZA)
So, is jack going bald?
Why do people ask about the quality of the camera that jack has? Don't they see it in like every video??
2:03
Sexy!
his beard looks like pubic hair.
Poor poor Naive SEAN...
1. Msi have the worst electronic parts.
2. Your GPU is the 11GByte it has price 1.300€ but the best in the world GPU have 24Gbyte and its price is 4.400€.
You poor Naive SEAN now I don't have reason to be jealous of you. Except you have a cute girlfriend who speaks Japanese 😅😁
What kind of Monitors are those?
0:27 how dare you wish to live in realtive peace! its obvoius you only care about moeny, and not random coming up to your house to scream memes at you
What monitors do you have?
Chech TheVR office setup, you will like it
Why are you so rich
Does anyone else want him to play satisfactory agian
Where did you get your t shirt ?
But is this a green screen
It's so weird to think back to when Jack was in his little hut back in Irland I still remember those videos and occasionally miss hearing him scream sticky bomb in GTA5
You look like a tattoo artist now
what wifi do you use or do you use a cable
whats the name/size of those monitors
What you talking about laddy
What kind of monitor are thos
thats a nice pc
Who's your human support unit
Hey Jack, at 11:23 there is another monitor and something else on that ledge behind. What is that???
I really want to be a YouTuber but I don't have the money...or content to upload....i want to do gaming but I work with horses and there's alot of equestrian YouTubers
What headset does he use?
why does jse look like baldhur?
Nice office jackaboy
fix your ear
holy crap how long did it take you to put up all the sound suppression panels?? LULW
could cook an egg on that AIO...
Can you buy me  a good pc for a vid just something that runs decent on fortnite like 300+ fps
Jack has gray hair
Wait...        is Sean greying or is it just dye
Smaller room that I thought
Jack you need a haircut and shave
Whats your headset
Have yall been noticing yt chanels are diapering?or just me yt is runing out of business witch means youtoube wont be here foe long..so like I'm scared it will delete Jack's chanel and mine;-; like of you agree
where did you get that desk?
What are the stands you use to connect the lights and camera to your desk?
Why does Jack look like a white and thin Jason Momoa?
2:04
Why is there tape on your chair?
Why is there tape on your chair?
Did you finally escape pewds basement
why do you look like an old man in this video
Why do you have tape on your chair
whar lol
Y is there a window in ure office
neeeeewwww tatooooo
Why does he look like the father
2:05
33K: WOOOO GO JACK. NICE SETUP
238: WTF is THIS
Me: 238..... ARE YOU GAY
why is jacks bead so shiny?
How is dis boi on tile without socks
10:31 I love that too you are talking and your voice is clear then all of a sudden you will jump back to the white board and yell laugh which your mic doesn't catch so it is cool cause it happens in between 1or 2 seconds so the audio jumps around
It's all about money
put up tons of lights for Christmas
What about the laaaaaaamps?
Oh oh oh yo mum's basement
Have a good day person reading this comment!
Hey, Sean. Question if you have the time. I don't want this to seem like I'm prying in to the details of the rest of your house, but I was wondering where you keep all the stuff you had on your old shelf?
Jack can you do a cool vid  with your Mcwomans like idk vr or something lol.
Play green hell
What has happened to this man? He had yellow hair last time I checked. Now he's a hippie activist
Did anyone else pause the video at :52 to see a sneak peek into his house
I like old you
Cool lenses
what is your WiFi speed?
What kind of lights jack?
Is Jack really getting old or it's just me
Dammn it jack you have gray hair.... you should have grand kids XD
how much did that desk cost
..... I know why he looks so familiar now, he looks like Joesph Lamb, the main baddie from Farcry 5, just give him sunglasses
I miss og jack 😭😢😤
Plz shout it out
How much did nvidia pay u to promote the 2080 ti?
lol
I know u live in a house boom
Jack please play qube 2 it is a really good game. It is a puzzle game.
hey did the white board slap you yet
Felix should have your cam. And Felix should be a gamer like u
5:38 when you get high for the first time
What is your monitor name?
Play mortal kombat 11
Do you still have a music room set up? That would be another cool thing to check out.
IMMEADIATELY when Jack opened the box, YT put an ad. Like it knew Jack talking about the PC would basically be an ad Xd
I’m still not used to the mini ponytail on your head. It looks weird
Comment
Drums? Did you get rid of them?
You, Felix, and PJ, can play music. You guys should get together and make a video playing! 🎸🎻🎺🎹🎷🎼🎶🎵🎤💖💯🙏👍
Where did you pull out your green screen? It looks like it came out of nowhere
jacks hair is going white/grey






welp jacks old now
Who else heard seans knee pop at 2:52
You forget to show us the green screen   and the PS4.
Hi
Hi
Hi
is it just me or is Sean going Grey? 😂😂
Is jack trying to look like jon snow?
Where can I get that desk
But do you got coke with.......
1 like=1 prayer for the old jack
Where is wishu
hwear
I do YouTube with ONLY my PlayStation4 I’ve never edited with a computer, only share factory on PlayStation
Do you look what you have, what’s your ram to like ddr4 ram
Anyone else think Indiana Jones when jack opened the box?
Hey jack im a fan of the office myself but i dont know where to wach it on my tab and i dont know where to wach it because im 12
How many sound proof foam pads do you have on your walls ?
shave
Ok Sean is going gray how old is he
Standy boi.
I bet your camera quality will always be better than Felix
I want the old jacl back when he has no beard and have green hair
Jack I wanna say that your set up is fantastic! Whenever I do let’s plays, they last about 10 minutes at most and I only use my phone and my PlayStation 4 recording (no camera). I take about 15 minutes to put my video together, never edit anything, and wait 30 for it to upload. I wish I had your set up
Favoriting for reference to when I eventually try my hand at this kinda thing.
Dear god i wish i had that baby for my pc
How much would you say that costs?
is jack gunna do more fan mail unboxings
I don’t like the beard, I really dont
awwwww you still have SpiderLoaf
I haven't seen any studio setups, honestly, but most people title their videos like they're bragging. At least you aren't trying to show off.
Where did you get the desk?
hello
Play game Stronghold Crusader and make a video plz plz plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Everyone this video is fake he lives in piewdiepies basement like if u agree
Yay
Great video
We should recommend this camera to Felix
Jack what's your desktop image? It looks amazing.
When's Jack going to drop that skin care routine.
Do you know you're recording now?
He has tha white hairs
He’s growing a beird like pewds
Oh no
Go back to escapists twooooo pleaaasee
Can you plz play titanfall2
Show us the house Jack...
🔫👈😐✋
So this is how pewdiepies base ment looks like
What do u use for sound keyboards
I mean is u push a physical button it will make sound effects you can start and stop recording it is a small keyboard thing
When you’re sitting do you usually have your legs up in the chair or under your desk? I personally prefer to have my legs criss-cross in the chair :)
plz shave
Hey jack so In this video you said that you should try to get a good computer but I don’t have a computer at all and I’m recording off my phone and I’m trying to save up for a computer but I don’t have enough room for a desktop so I need a laptop so what is a good laptop for recording and all the other YouTube stuff
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhwhere
Why is there black tape on your chair? Or did i miss something?
why is there tape on the chair
Felix’s is still the best because his chair can do this!!!!!
HOUSEE TOURR PLSS
Pends needs that camera
I'm really jealous.
I have a CPU with 2gb ram and 256 mb graphics.With 2.35 GHz.
Plzz do a house tour
His beard is so beautiful and shiny wtf🤣👌
Jack is flexing his PC
8:16 "a thingle thing" 😂😂
( jack opens box) ad!!!!
That is one SEXY PC
Im curious what greenscreen your using
Can it play crysis though?
What monitors do you use?
Wow iwish i have that set up
Jack you need a shave
Im jealous only thing i have is xbox360 with no good games. And mostly i play on laptop wich is a game laptop but still does not handle games anyway. No headset and no game mouse (just s normal one)  nothing... Im sad
How much did this all cost.
why is your chair taped tf
Yeet
Hey guys! Welcome to another episode of i am richer than you!
Pewdiepie's got a pretty nice basement
So that's how Pewdiepie's basement looks like .
Like = JackSepticeye 

Ignore = you think James Charles is better
But the real question is.
WHAT ARE YOUR LAMPS CALLED? I WANNA BUY THEM.
I need a set-up like that all I have is my phone and bad quality lol
Ive seen your table at office max...
where is ps4 pro setup
Jack can you show a setup of your drumm room
(cries in broke)
Hai :)
Lol I'm never getting noticed no matter how early I am ;w;
Jack is slowly going norse or viking.
You forget greenscreen
Was that a fake background or a real background?
Need more broken lamps hmmm.
Can I get this stuff in aus
jake u need to shave
Great office setup and awesome content and glad you don’t tell people where u live. Because parents who think that there kids have entitlement to meet the youtubers are in the wrong
Monitors?
Jack said it if you got a potato start with a potato and work your way up to a steak! Haha. Encourage the small channels to grow! In a small channel of 42 subs and this video really inspired me more to continue
Why does this video enlarge your forehead XD
We need to know the storage of ur PC
shave
I got jealous when i saw ur pc .. becuz my pc is 9 years old .. and im in desperate need for a new one .. because rn i cant record because my computer is shitty .. but yeah i just need like $500 or $750 for my new pc .. but yeah .. :(
Hey jack try playing surviving mars: green planet
Jack: Look at all my crap!
Also Jack: Nobody needs this crap
why is there tape on your chair lol
LET YOUR HAIR DOWN YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARD. LET YOUR HAIR DOWN! LET YOUR HAIR DOWN!
My setup xb1 PS4.  4 controllers for some reason and the shitty ps4 headset
All of you have been fooled. The background is FAKE!
Also i find this funny but jack is basically saying "I have fancy things" while we are watching this on inferior devices
What about the monitors?
hai jack :) i have a really needed question about the goXLR. i´ve read in the internet that the monitoring of this is terrible. what would you say ? the monitoring is a high priority for me and i would not spend so much for it when is so bad. i hope you can help me, greetings from Germany <3
Grey hair
Speed is key
please get rid of the ponytail
You could use a plastic white plumbing pipe for your plugs. It will look a lot tidy. You can spray paint them to if you don't like the colour but make sure you sand it down before painting 😊
Whats the story behind the duck tape on the chair??
Pewds should use your camera
Go back to skate
Please bring your camera when you go to Pewds place
Wow Felix’s basement looks nice
Man bun.....GAG
Cam quality is better then pewds "baby size camera"😄
You should play red dead redemption 2
P L A Y   T F 2 btw love your work
thanks Sean im going on a god trip to Ikea.
more state of decay 2 plz!!!
he has an i9
i'm doomed as a gamer
The rtx titan is the best one
That room is awesome Jack, but not as cool as that sweet beard :))
5:27 FBI OPEN UP
Jeez, Jack looks different...
But the question is. IS IT REAL OR FAKE BACKGROUND???
roses are red violets are blue the blue lamp is broken just because of you.
Nice setup jack
Is ur monitor origin
Jack lives in a house with a door I know where he lives!
Pls do more tabs. Pllssssss
What about the green screen
WHAT SHAMPOO DO U USE!?
5:48 ... I am a child
People show up at your house? WTF, that's not cool.
You dyed your HAIR!?!?!?!!? AGAINE
You going back to greeeeeen? It looks bleached
Fans stop invading creators privacy because they too are people 2k19 pls.
The editing is phenomenal 💯🔥
Just curious when are we getting more drum videos? I love the covers
Jackman's hair is Straight Fr!cking White (SFW)
Jack's gorgeous hair is goals
Tomorrow, I graduate from College. Thus, my PC can become a gaming PC and I will have the time to wedge as many upgrades into it as I can.
That's an epic gamer setup
Hey Jack what happened to your old pc which was in your older setup tour video?
pls change your light
Shiny beard and hair
Hey jack where are the systems you use to play games? or do you only do PC games?
I leave for like 6months and I come back to jack the Viking
Jack, there might be an Easter egg for you in Mortal Kombat 11. I just unlocked one of Kano's eyes and it's called Jack's Epic Eye.
Te amo chabón
Your starting to look like skalagram
wHere
Do you ever eat in your office?
I would like to know where he got the lamps i mean the red and bleu ones
did you dye your hair white bc its really confusing me lol :)
Where do you keep your PlayStation for exclusives
I remember your cabin days. You my friend have come far and you seem like you stayed humble. Congrats my man!
I'm sitting here drooling over this setup, like holy cow!






who says holy cow anymore?
Sean, thanks for the great advice at the end about equipments and stuff. Because when the video started I felt so poor in my life that I can't afford any of that. But just like you said simple equipments can be worthy for a great cause and I highly accept that. Thanks again ya Legend :,))
JACK! Double sided tape is your friend! Stick the power strip to the back of the desk crossbar!
OMG!!!! His beard shines and so does my heart 😍😍😍😍😆😭
you missed the green screen....
What green screen do you have? Is it elgato?
Get a new chair. It’s all tapped up 😂
He's getting old. Gaining grey hair.
The computer by the window?
THE GREEN SCREEN THING
I love how you're not one of those showey-offy yootoobrrs who just dispose all thier riches in your face
Jack has a hole in his ear
Where is the green screen jack, show us
What type of keyboard do you have?
I would have thought you would have three monitors
y is his hair white
why does the contrast look very high?
but what he didnt tell us is that the backround is fake
Jack play kindergarten  2 it is on stem right now apples go check it out now
Okey jack still didn't remove the tape in his chair I like the style tho but I like the green showing wait is it green?? Idk. But I hope Jack will remove the tape
PC Nerd Question, Are those G-Skill Trident Z Royals?
11:25-12:32 thank you for the help, this is just what I needed to know ;-)
FYI guys his actual name is is SEAN not jack... Fans should know this, been here since his first 100k subscribers
Nobody
Jack: manbun
How about green hair boi?
So cool! Feels like a field trip in a YouTuber's office. greatest part is that this is free.
What about your green screen
For some reason I really wanted to see how the green screen worked
What headphones do you use?
That beard is sprinkled with glitters.
WHAT ABOUT THE GREEN SCREEN ??
W H E R E S T H E G R E E N S C R E E N?!
pls can i know the headphone name
Y does his hair look grey
Hey Jack try using final cut pro for editing it's a one time purchase and easier to use I was in a film class and edited with both and final cut was super easy
Shave ur beard challenge
l like your vidios jack!!!
I really don't understand why people would invade someone's private life just to see them for like 1 min. I mean yeah you really wanna see the person but that doesn't mean you can just show up at their house!
Just a warning, the camera costs about $2,000. It looks good, but don't use it just for let's play's, take it out, and snap some pics with it.
Jack please play the game snakey bus. It's super fun game. Hope you make video on that soon
One of many reasons why I love this channel:
the best and most hilarious unboxing I’ve ever seen
You and wiishu live together
Not a question about equipment, but what editing software do you/Robin use for your videos?
That beard shine tho 👌🏼
my setup costed £22,000
Jack can you please do a subnautica video please please please I won't stop
Jack: Setup Tour
Felix: Look at my Webcam Shows Potato
Is the the new kratos?
the lighting keeps making me think the Gaelic gladiator is getting grays hairs.
The best setup ever
Where do you keep your green screen??
I love your setup Sean the camera you use I actually have but the rest of the shit nope
You do need a lot of good hardware to even stream a game most people are stuck with a i5 76k or lower and a gtx  1060 3gb graphics card or lower you can’t stream on that hardware only video streams would  work good
I wish I have a computer set where I could do Yt and Fortnight😖
Can you play a plague tale ?
It must be hot as hell in that little room with all those lights around him... lol
Jack, your beard looks so black yet you head looks so gray. What's going on with your lighting?
Hey Sean or Jack .. what the name of your Desk the one in the video you showed that goes to the height you set. 
Thank you and keep up the good work
is that a real white hair ?
You should do a yearly gear update

JACK?! Where’s the green screen???
Yo but can you play Crysis with Ultra settings on  100 FPS?!
*Looks at notification " Jacksepticeye's Office Setup Tour"
Nobody:
Me: Well , it was his time to flex.
Standing Is Best when Your Playing Horror Games.
Someone's getting jealous of that quality
I like 2013 setup it is awesome
I miss that jack :(
Such High Quality video.
I like how you still haven't replaced the lamp you broke back from beatsaber :p
0:53 small glimpse of his house
In what world do people think it’s okay to show up to someone’s house like that...
A) It’s creepy that anyone found his house in the first place
B) WHY. WHY WOULD YOU SHOW UP
This video actually made me laugh towards the end!
I miss the green hair...😢😢😣
What about the sound reduction walls?
I dont wanna watch this because ima computer nerd and i dont have a gud pc but jack does and ill get healous lol
Forget everything else, I need to know where you got that dope viking axe bracelet. 9:47
Hey jacksepticeye ur beard is almost as big as my dads, but with a whole lot of less grey hair
How old is Jack ?
Also, you brought up how the background was plain for the camera that you used, so I had an idea while re-watching this. It has been a while since we saw it, but have you thought of bringing back the bookcase of fan-made/other special items you have received. Of course, maybe have two so there isn't just a random bookcase by itself and one that goes with the flow of the room. Not sure if this would mess any of your VR systems up, but thought it would be cool to see a return of something that you always loved to look at and be able to showcase some of the items that you cared for.
But how do you do it with your console when playing/recording exclusives?
Say, why not just getting an equivalent power supply (the brick that's part of the plug) for your wall power instead of using a transformer? I do agree with it being a nice to have, but if it's just for that one thing it seems pointless to me
Im so jealous, i wish i have a desktop like this. ;(
SEAN BUY A NEW BACKGROUND LAMP ALREADY ITS BEEN A MONTH!!!
REAL BACKROUND!
People go to Jack's house, meanwhile when I run into someone who is in the public eye/famous I stumble back five steps whilst apologizing for infringing upon their private space. xD 

I know Jack has said he's cool with people coming up to him. I'm just poking fun at how vastly different people are.
you didn't show your green screen!
Sean, 5 minutes ago i thought i had a nice gaming computer (which i do.) But now after comparing it to yours i feel like its garbage.

Edit: after looking at his
 specs, he said he as a couple hard drives. Are those hard drives regular hdds and not ssds cuz i would be surprised if they werent.
An artist played pasporout 2.
Is it just me or is his beard twinkling?
Jack..... You forgot to show the green screen.... If that ever existed
Do all Irish people yell and have a great sense of humor?
Can you show your mic
HE HAS NO LEGS!CONFIRMED!
Where is satisfactory
Jack what happened to the shelf you had in your old apartment full of fan stuff, did you keep it, do you have all the stuff people have given you over the years?
Real background = Like the video
Fake background = Like the video
Pick your choices now folks!
How much does all that sound deadening material cost
I only wanted to look at your window.
GREEN SCREEN
Do you sit like a true gamer (etc. with your legs on the chair)
Okay, Robin wins, sorry Brad, he wins.
jack playing satisfactory with his graphics card on his beast of a computer: 👌👌👌👌👌
me playing with my crap computer thats old and has baaad afterburn on the monitor: tries to look to the left and it takes 10 minutes to load ahhhh welp, eventually the money i put into this game will pay out in entertainment 😂
That was a nice close-up Jack
Jack's beard looks so glittery in this vid. He said he hates it and now he puts some in his beard
0:29 yeah keep that private (in a good way)
Any body else notice his hair looked gray because of the light
He jacked up. I bet you shower with Irish Spring
Man. Your beard’s thick.
I love the office show!
Your desk scares me
Slime  ranthir
I spent a lot of time during this video trying to figure out if your hair had changed color, as well as staring at your beard.
There, I got that out of the way and I can say what I think of the video's content.
I really ought to, once I have a place of my own, get a desk like that.  My mom says I sit down too much and need a setup where I can stand while at my computer sometimes.  (Honestly, I'm happy with my low-budget setup right now, and the desk is, at the moment, the only thing I'd even remotely want to change.  Maybe when/if I start playing games for my channel or making different videos I'll find other things I'd want to change, but right now I'm happy, and that's all that matters.)
play TABS
Where’s the drums do more drums
Out of every youtuber that showed their high-end setup sean on the other hand convince new youtuber that is not necessary to get all the high end stuff just to start youtube career this is why i like him
Why do people bug youtubers when they find out where they live leave them be .
If I know where a youtuber lives I would go to their house to bug them I'd rather wait till a big event happens to meet them  .
Has anyone noticed how septic eye Sam has basically vanished from the channel after he got rid of his green hair? COINCIDENCE I THINK NOT!!
Green screen
Everyone who is curious about rest of Jack's house his living room is shown in  The episode where he talks to Bryan Decart ( Detroit become Human )
how much the camera cost ???
I wanna say link the chair, but you probably don't do that
-911 what’s your emergency?
-kid,telekinetic powers
-location?
-weed farm
Jack:keeps making romantic choices

Finn:imma bout to end this whole mans career
Mutes copyrighted music but leaves the nude scenes. What a legend

Wow thanks for 300 likes
Am I the only one feeling genuinely bad for Sean's frikkin' eye?!
You keep forgetting that they know a family there in Puerto Lobos, so their life would be safer and better than any other option.
nobody:

life is strange: wHeN wIlL yOu LeArN tHaT yOuR aCtIoNs HaVe CoNsEqUeNcEs
jack u should learn to play the ukulele so you can play it whenever it there’s copyrighted music
Daniel's doin a BOY from God of BOY. 
He gets super cocky, does an oof, realizes his mistake, becomes Loki...
This is legit the first time I've seen Daniel harm Cassidy. And I've watched three other people play this game.
Underage drinking,working on an illegal pot farm,

Sean: LLLLLIIIIIIIITTTTTEEEEEEERRRRRRR
i can see a pattern. 


1) They get a place to stay.
2) danial gets friends.
3) one mistake.
4) on the road again!
Jack: has Sean go swimming in the lake after he just got a tattoo
Me: remembers what Penny said about the water 
Welp I sure hope Sean enjoys that infection
Let's take a while appreciating the game. The developers made a great job planning the characters, personality, script, the plot, and the drawing of the setting and atmosphere and coming up with colours and all. Her hair for example is just cool, and I feel it sure does represent her personality. Little things, but not randomly made.
37:49 Sean: somebody blew the lock …* Me: somebody also blew sean.
I really hope smth happens and then Sean's superpowers get triggered so he can flex on Daniel
Replace copyright music with All The Way
Calling it now, at some point in the game there will be a choice for Sean to make Daniel look at the flowers
*whenever Cassidy asks Sean to do stuff with her*
Jack: *presses yes every time*
Damn jack sure can talk for those last 14 mins
Cassidy: they're armed
Jack: uhh we're all  armed (raises arms)
Life is Strange 2: "I'm glad you and Daniel have each other"
The Walking Dead S1: "I'm glad you and Clementine have each other" 
Me: Uh oh, oh god please no.
I have a theory! Daniel has got the super power from his mother. Karen also had superpowers but she couldnt live with it and that is why she left.
And maybe Sean has superpowers as well but he hasn't discovered them yet.
29:12
"Other people's dreams are not your responsibility" -Jacksepticeye Best quote 2019, keep inspiring people around the world Sean
The romantic scene with Sean And Cassidy
And Jack Singing makes it more Better😂😂
You want to borrow my 130 lbs dog Sean? He's a giant love muffin!
15:29
Jack: are they even at age to drink?

10 Minutes Ago: sees little kid work at pot farm and sees little kid almost get roughed up by guard
Love jack, and all,  but I disagreed with about 75% of the decisions in this episode, lol
Jack: Makes bad choices
Game: Gives him bad consequences
Jack:  :0
I like your (Jacksepticeye) idea of the story. Dedicating the first episode to character building and the rest focus more on both his powers and finding Mom seems alright.

Also, I agree with you in which building a better relationship with Daniel would have better than with Cassidy. But, as we all know, this game has smoke and mirrors and we'd wound up at the end of a gun any way we choose. Finn... what a Jake. 

Heh... Adventure Time.
At least Max was old enough to be aware of what she was doing and tried to make the right decisions. Daniel is literally a brat who does whatever he wants without a care in the world for how it will affect other people. I thought he'd improve my episode 3, but that just isn't the case, and now I'm wondering if this is supposed to be the climax of the game or just even more buildup in which case they'd have to rush episode 4 or 5 if it's the latter.
No one:
Not a single soul:
No one in this universe: 





Me waiting for the plot twist where Sean has powers: 😵
TL;DR of Jack's summary:
Life is Strange >> Life is Strange 2
Joe: GET IN HERE YOU LITTLE ASSHOLE
Sean: my Daniel senses are tingling
1:10 
Jack:  goes to settings to turn off copyrighted music
Jack: Hums copyrighted music
Damn that ending.....He just turned into








SeanSepticEye
15:30 
Jack: are any of you a legal drinking age?
*they all work on a weed farm*
*Sean and Daniel as adults at a bar

Sean: "Hey remember that time you blinded me? Yeah, this round's on you."
So the lesson learnt today kid with super powers hangs out with weed hippies end up becoming a super powered thief GJ Daniel
Daniel said he want to spend time with Sean
but Jack say no 
poor Daniel
Such a neat and comfy episode - plus Jacks commentary...something awesome! <3
Yeah because Daniel didn't want to wake you up
God, Daniel is a major brat. I can’t
"The child asked me to put him in danger." Great fckin excuse man. Jees can't believe I used to like Finn
cassidy: they're armed!
jack: *holds up arms* we're all armed...
me: stop it dad ur embarrassing me
Hey if you hate daniel they did good job at it
Jack:are they legal drinking age
Me: Jack they live in the woods i don't think they need it
Let me tell you about this...

Daniel improvement in episode 1:
Became brat (with powers)
Daniel improvement in episode 2:
Became a stuborn
Daniel improvement in episode 3:
Became (almost) a killer
This is like the walking dead.but with no zombie.
Daniel and finn are progressively becoming my least favorite characters
Hey Jack, they always knew that their mum was alive. They just thought that she abandoned them.
Sean and Cassidy swimming 
jack on the other side of the lake . CAN YOU FEEL THE LOVE TONIGHT
Having the music on would seriously make this game so much more emotional.
(dont read this if you havent seen this episode)








Well...Sean is one step closer to becoming a pirate...i guess.
Merrills gun: pointy pointy


Daniels power: im about to end this mans whole career
Jesus. The disconnect between me and Jack is just. Ridiculous in this game.
Jack: Yeeeeeeah!
Me: Noooooo!
Jack I think you got mixed up. The moms character was always alive. She just left the dad, Daniel, and Sean without saying anything. They always knew she was alive she just ran out on them when they were young. Thats why Sean wants nothing to do with her.
The next episode: August 22nd

Jack:31 of August, BIATCH!
Spoilers!!!!





Sean has a SEPTIC EYE now * da da tish*
Me: Watching video while eating peanuts

Also me 5 minutes later: Crunching intensifies
Cassidy: wow you really are cold 
Me: IT'S NOT MY FINAL FORM
16:00 dude you would have found out about Finn's family thing if you asked him about his story, you didn't do that so that's why the jail thing makes no sense to you.
19:58 and he packed up and left everyone because there was no one to actually leave. He had no one, so why should he have stayed.
Daniel:Can levitate stuff and move it around But can't stop a bullet
Daniel: gets shot and starts telepathicly messing with all the shit
Jack: “Uhhh... I think I made a super villain!”😂😂 Dead 51:15
Anyone else disappointed that Jack didn't have Sean pursue a romantic relationship with Finn? 
(Also, did Jack KNOW that Finn was totally flirting with Sean or even knew the romantic relationship route with Finn was possible
???????)
Jack you are amazing and inspire and help me every day this series is one of my favorites
15:00 Jack: "If you have a steady job"
Says he as they literally just got fired and I don't even know if they got their money...
Sean: I did it, my bad 
Big joe sucker punches Sean 
Clip of Madagascar k.o scene
Omg i just realised finn looks like wade from gtav
didn't they mention this lake is toxic or sth
but yolo I guess
The fact that Jack and I have the same CUNT mug makes me happy on a spiritual level
it would be cool if Sean Gets A Power Like Regen Or Something
"Are any of you even at the legal drinking age"

Jack they're working at an illegal pot farm

And are on the run because they killed a cop
Jesus Christ you choose all the things that I wouldn't choose!! So frustrating, but i kinda love it👌👌
when Cassidy started to undress, my brain was...









And i realize, Sean did not use it i was like...
Today's fact: Iguanas have three eyes. Two normal eyes and a third eye on top of their head that only perceives brightness.
Who's happy Sean in game and Cassidy finally got together
THE WOLF TATOO PFFFFT SKKSKSKSK LMAOOOO. It's sweet tho
If i was Danielle i would be an introvert of all the introverts... I mean i know 73% of y'all gonna do the same...right?
Was anyone else super uncomfortable during the skinny dipping secne
Sometimes I feel like jack is the voice actor of mater from cars
Why does Big Joe looks like Michael from GTA 5 ? 🤔🤔🤔
Sean's definitely half blind look at the way hes walking in the end scene
Everytime there's supposed to be music playing jack should just sing.
yo call up obito, he'll hook him up with a sharingan
"but my winky shrivels up in the cold water!" jacksepticeye 17-05-2019 there a quote for ya X'D
I KNEW you were the type of person to like Gorillaz!! (favorite album?)
When jack says it’s gonna be months before next episode
Me; fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-
Jack in TWD: thinks ahead


Jack now: My actions don't have consequences
Dear Daniel,
when will you learn... whEN WILL YOU LEARN, THAT YOUR ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES?
Imagine if when jack made his own music for the beginning he got copy striked
"i don't wana get in any more trouble"
bro you killed some copes. i don't think it matters if you bust a meth farm.
33:42 
Jacks face looks so uncomfortable😂
Cassidy: The best way to remember someone is...
Me: A kiss!
Jack: Sleeping together~
Cassidy: a tattoo..
More life Is strange to please 


(Ps love you vids)
I can't take it, there's SO.MUCH.AKWARDNESS😓
I just felt such a rush of RELIEF when you decided against Finns’ plan 😅
YouTube:
Séan: posts nudity on YouTube again and doesn't get demonetized
It's like Atreus all over again,  but if the kid doesnt fix his attitude, 

im adopting Sean as my lil bro. 💁💁

Edit : wtf Daniel???  omggg his eye😭😭😭
Daniel: "I'm not a little kid anymore!!!"
Also Daniel: *hasn't even hit puberty*
Nooo!!! I'm heartbroken by Jack's decision with Finn. 

Well is his playthrough. He can do what he wants.
Daniel needs to let Sean be himself-


CHILLBROCHILLLLLL
Sean: Want's Daniel to control his powers

End of Episode Daniel: I'm bout to end this mans whole career.
Man-I have a gun .. down to your knees 
Daniel-My man its 2019
Aaaanddd now In game Sean has every std in existence
Sean and Daniel already knew their mother was alive before seeing the letter. Sean literally stated about 5 times a few even directly that their mother just left them, she wasn't dead.
Game: does sean like boys or girls 
Me: yes
I also have a superpower 

My superpower is making chocolate disappear
ahahahah When Jack said "its Aries season" I couldn't get the picture of Julien flossing with knives out of my head
30:10
"Are you resisting the urge to kiss me right now?"
"Not really. I'm really into this cheesecake, though."
I'm easy to please. I see Cassidy, I click! I see Life is strange 2 I click! I see Jack I click!
Just kill joe with the screwdriver 
The screwdriver strikes again
-jack
has flashbacks and laugh
26:27 IS THE FUNNIEST THING YOU COULD EVR HEAR FROM SEAN
When you are in the same room with your parents and a sex scene comes on...... Lord i bust out laughing due to an award scilence. Way to go Sean!

Also did anyone else get a frickin trogan comerical in this? XD
I wonder if Daniel ran off to his mother...?
"We didn't come together" 
I love you Sean
Daniel: Have a power

Also Daniel: Never use his power
dude jack always somehow ends up with the best ending like
anyone realize Finn looks like Floyd from GTA5
Is this the origin of Anti (AntiSepticEye)?
The way Jack realizes that Finn may be dragging Daniel to the heist in the middle of the lake scene lol.
How did he not see that coming much earlier
Why did you have to sing that song The Scream note killed me I can't stop laughing
I feel like the storylines seem rushed and the dialogs don't make since all the time even in context.  I agree with what you said.
It's confirmed. 
Sean's a bottom!
I'm hoping, the next episode involves Danial growing up. He will have to deal with all this new trauma, and the consequences. Hopefully he steps up, and comes into his own. Instead of just being a brat.

EDIT: After seeing the teaser, My guess is Sean gets up alone. Either everyone is dead, or gone. Then he sets off on his own. Clueless and heartbroken. Eventually, Danial will show up to save him, when the cops have him backed into a corner.
Hey can you please play Reassembly or Swarm Universe? Also the heavy is a spy
Cassidy"wanna come in"
Jack "rip monetization"
Sean, you should just make your own game someday honestly. A story game I hope, i think it’d be pretty good
You sure Sean ain’t gay bc it looked like he had enough room for that pipe. 🤣
Talking about lotto and stuff, couldn’t Daniel just rig the powerball or something?
that's what i think is going to happen:
sean and daniel are going to run away and searching for a place to go,because porta lubroes is dangerous for them because the police can find them they will go to theyre mom and she will have powers aswell
I hereby thank myself for 1 like
Shout out to me
I DUNNO WUTS HAPPENING ON TV MOM IM 12. IM SCREECHING
"You, your friends
& your dog
are dead!"

(Reference to that 2D puzzle horror game - can't remember what it's called)
34:48 
Jack: does anybody have a dog, i want to take it just for one week!
Me: as a wise man ones said ΜΟΛΟΝ ΛΑΒΕ
Sean: “We have other things we gotta to do.”
Jack: “Like what?”
Me: “Like Cassidy...”
That moment when you realize Jacksepticeye sounds like a better writer than the writers of life is strange...
Shaun definitely gets it right at 33:50 that's me in a nutshell lol
I like Cassidy more then lily-
Daniel is really starting to remind me of Atreus from God of War.
plot twist: Donald Trump is in this game and the wall happens






which is a really bad thing
Hey! Just clarifying for you, Sean, that they never thought their Mom was dead! In-game Sean hates her because she walked out on the family and left them, and she never tried to contact them or anything after.
MORE LIFE IS STRANGE!!!!!!!!!!!
Goes skinny dipping and bang 
Jack: ONE HANDED GAMING
Jack: A light little wapoosh~
Me: Okay Sean what happend what is wrong?! Are you okay?! Are you fine?!
didn't she said she couldn't draw ? @_@
Why isn't ANYONE choosing Finn's path?! 
I'm so sad :(
I completely agree with Sean's assessment of this game and how it could have been so much better (more time with the father and less with the grandparents and just more of a defined plan).  Unfortunately it is what it is...kinda like GoT season 8...
Jack: I think I made a super villain 
Me: gasps are we gonna get Daniel v Max?!
When does anyone get sleep?! It's Jake from State Farm!Top of the morning to you jack-a-boi! X3
911 
What is your emurgency
I am blending 
Lokashon 
Weed frmon
Hannah: Did you guys just have sex??

Cassidy: Yeah... kinda!

Jack: 
Daniel went super Saiyan
0:00 Who are you and what did you do with Jack???
a LIGHT LITTLE WAPOOSH.
Is jack ok?
jack be like:
All we need




is 
When the music stopped, I started sing Let's get it on, and Jack also started it, a laughed so hard 🤣🤣🤣
8:27 not watched any further stopped to comment this


Big. Joe. Is. F***ED


Oh.
SEAN  (the game character)NOW IS PARK OF THE JACKSEPTICEYE TEAM AS HE NOW HAS A SEPTIC EYE....also owie!
I feel bad that Lyla hasn’t talked to Sean in this episode! 😞
Now this would be the right time to say Damn Daniel
yeah clearly whoever wrote this part knows 0 about weed
33:55 
I would be like SEND HALP
keep going with this jack 👌🏼 really good bit of fun to watch while relaxing
Yep Jacksepticeye is ready for another gameplay.

Showing us he can finish this game.
Good content my guy nice laughs along the way💯🤝😁🤣
"I'm great at weed" - Jacksepticeye 2019
SUPERVILLIAN!! WE GOT A SUPERVILLIAN!!
Want pizza 🍕🍕🍕 with a cute hedgehog delivering it
Sean you should listen to the song that plays at the end of this! Its called Natalie by Milk and Bone. Its such a good song and fits so well with the ending!
You better tell Daniel that he might be an uncle And you better tell him
Sean needs his own powers
Feel like this is a spin of to dark phoinex lol
god i didn't realize how freaking awkward these games are without music
Wow, I'm starting to get early...


W-WHAT DO I SAY?!
Jack: Is ok with people harvesting pot. Also jack: gets triggered at littering.
i agree with everything you said about LIS
"That's a lotta blood."
Boi, there are people dead here, a nosebleed is more blood than is on the screen.
33:27
Jack making the best part of the video.
Wow I was on edge through this all. But yeah, I guess I can live with these results, I also wanted to see some sort of major conflict like this.
Guys, hear me out on this. What if daniel and sean have healing abilities, and to trigger them, you have to have had a serious injury. When dan got shot, he shrugged it off like it was nothing. So maybe sean's eye will heal!
Jack: Daniel doesn't have a good role model
also, Jack: *Gets naked with Cassidy while knowing that Daniel and Finn disappeared
God dang man you gota do what is best for Dan man! You dont got yo timy windy power no more
OMFG I'm so lucky he did a quiet intro cuts I had my headphones on max XD
I wished it was Sean with the powers so the game would be more fun
8:56 I laughed so hard when jack said that XD XD XD XD
I just realized Jack's Sam eye is just staring through my soul.
Are they set up daniel to be super villain
Dude, jack i watched all the endings and  you got the best possible one trust me
JACK before you upload your video go back and add royalty free music PROBLEM SOLVED
This episode has gone uhm...
Very kinky.
29:13 “other peoples dreams are not your responsibility” hits me hard every time
I don't usually watch your analysis of the games at the end but I agree with you 100% on this one.
People: Sean Sean Sean 
Me: YES!!!!!!
Jack: Me Me Me Me
Momma bear Cassidy for the win.
That girl was so flat that youtube algorithm approved her as a Lad





    Madd !
"screw the hookers, bring on the choc-o-crisp"
Holy crap
That's all I have to say.
After looking, in my opinion you got one of the best endings for this episode, good job!
Jack remember that campfire from part 2 life is strange 2 ep 3 someone said that you can’t change the past what if max caulfield will,come
You sounded like Tow Mater, from Cars when you did that accent.
Jack forgot to censor the... Things on Cass 33:41
25:12
Looks more like a shaved sheep with a wolf head and a fox tail than an actual wolf lol
Daniels becoming a narcissist at that age....
BECAUSE YOUR VIDEO'S ARE THE BEST AND BECAUSE LIFE IS STRANGE 2 IS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER
Alright, this comment ended up being way longer than I originally intended lmao. Read if you're interested in some fun facts and my thoughts on varous parts of this episode and LiS in general I guess haha. I even broke stuff up more to make it easier to read. 

To clarify, I don't think Finn and Cassidy are siblings. I think Finn just calls some people "sis" as a character quirk. 

Also, yes, they know their mother is alive (and they always did, imo, but I'll get back to that later) but Sean appears to have severe issues with her that makes him never want to talk to her ever again. Maybe it's just because I can relate to Sean in that aspect, but I understand to some degree why they're not seeking help from their mother more. Puertos Lobos was already THE PLAN and Sean wants to follow through with that and live somewhere their dad was familiar with. It does make sense if you stop to think about it. Yeah, I hope we find out in more detail what their mother did, and I think that comes naturally hand in hand with the boys meeting her again somehow, but I understand why it hasn't happened yet.

Oh and btw Sean, Finn explains why he was in jail if you ask him about his story earlier in the game. It wasn't actually his fault, at least not entirely, it was his dad's. Finn "packed up and left" after that happened, because his family was so chaotic. He had no need to tell anyone, he was better off without them.

And Sean is still 16 I believe, so yeah, the potential sexy scene is a biiiiiit awkward lol

There was a way to silently get into the car, it's a little tricky though. Oh, and if you go with the heist Cassidy isn't even there so avoids getting hurt from what happens to that house in the end. So it's not such a black and white choice, imo. It's actually so bizarre to me that Daniel attacked Cassidy in your game because that didn't happen to me, he just does the "I can do... WHAT I WANT" and opens the door with his power.

I think the problem Daniel had with this group is that they're so much older than him. Just remember how excited he got when they were with the grandparents and he found out Chris was around his age. It was the same with me when I was Daniel's age too. I wanted to hang out with kids around my age, not teens way older than me. I think it was different with Finn because he's so chill and had already met him briefly at the Christmas market. With Cassidy, especially since she's so into Sean, I could see Daniel getting more jealous and not liking her as much (which is how it is even if he doesn't attack her)

D.A.N.C.E. by Justice played during the part where Sean wakes up late and everyone was cheering "SEAN! SEAN! SEAN!" as he runs up

This is just my theory, but I still think Rachel had a power and died not knowing it. That wildfire spread WAY too fast and only died out once something happened to Rachel... still seems like way too much of a coincidence to me.

I wouldn't dismiss the importance of episode 2 so early tbh. Remember, we also met Chris and what happened to him at the end of episode 2 is bound to be important at some point, as well as how the dad handles it and everything.


I was always pretty certain the boys didn't think their mother was dead all this time. Their dad didn't lie about anything. Their mother did something horrible and THAT is the issue here, not some shock where she's alive. Sean knew she was alive, he just didn't care because, again, he has mother issues.

Also, of course Daniel's going to lash out if he got shot in the shoulder. That has nothing to do with any choice you made, it can happen either way.
OMG HE KNOWS WHO GORILLAZ ARE MY HEART JUST JUMPED OUT OF MY CHEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#15 on trending. Yup 😎
Jack what's wrong? Your intro wasnt loud.
You should wear a squad life is strange 2 cosplay hoodie for the next episode
Damn jack. You really messed it up haha
Sean just you know the ending you got was one of the best possible ones
8:55 😂 nice Friday reference
Penny is secretly the Flash, he's just phasing
DAN THERE WAS A LITERALLY DOG
PET IT FOR DAYS
Whoever got the hitman reference, you're a real OG!
15:50 Finn is secretly BillyGoat from the Escapists
Bruh, jack needs to his own choice biased game!
I HAVE THAT SAME “BLACK HANDLE UNT MUG”!!!
I’ll be very mad if Cassidy is dead she’s the only character other then Sean and Daniel I care about
Edit: never she was just Injured
Sean: *completely ignore Daniel even tho he said he want to be with his older brother more
Daniel: *get mad
Sean: Why are you mad??

Also i feel like this game is pretty clever when it makes you choose between the “ready to grow up Sean” and the take care of responsibility (Daniel) and the “teenage kid Sean” who just want to do what he want, having the choise to develope character like that is really cool

BUT i’m really bond with Daniel so FUCK THE 2nd OPTION IM GONNA TAKE CARE OF MY BOY DANIEL
oh boy Sean is getting a septic eye.
Now where have I heard that before...?
Jack: "Are anyone of you legal American drinking age"

Me: Jack they are working on a illegal pot farm I seriously doubt they care about the legal drinking age lol
Yeah Jack. you got the best ending.
Atleast he swiped his V card
jack screamed "young love" at two children skinny dipping and kissing
daniel is a little shit. poor sean...
but jack your decisions weren't the best - however idk how much the storyline really changes based on your choices
SEÁN HAS A SEPTICEYE
Great vid, love to watch you play story games
ON YOUR KNEES. WE SO DIRTY MINDED DGJJJKLO
The beautiful song indeed make  the ending a lot better.
Jack: I think I made a super villain

One minute later...

Jack: Alright body check who’s dead and who’s alive?
Any one elce hiding in the comments at  33:37 😂😂
i haven't watched him in years. HOLY CRAP HAS HE CHANGED
You can borrow my dog but if you steal her I will steal the head from you shoulders... actually no I won’t coz your awesome but you would be sent to jail



(This is not a real threat it’s for the jokes)
Hey keep doing these videos there really good
Jacob has depression 100%
20:38

Oof the cup lmao
YouTube is drunk again 313 views 383 likes
I'm not a very critical person in general but I'm quite enjoying this series, I get why Daniel is acting the way he does, he feels neglected and doesn't want to show it and because of this he is training by himself and isn't being taught things properly by Sean because he is a kid too and sometimes neglects his duties as a brother.  I'm interested to see how next episode pans out and what's going to happen between Sean and Daniel. I feel I'm one of the people that likes how the game has and is panning out 😅
I think it’s really interesting to be playing the bystander to the superhero (or super villain with how this game is going)
I really feel like Sean is going to end up have at lease some kind of power. Especially after that last scene. Unless they just kill off the main character, but I don’t think that would be very likely.
Square Enix: adds option to mute copyrighted music
Also Square Enix: doesn't censor boobs for youtube
“Man you really are cold” HAHA
Hope everyone's having a good day, i'm early pretend I put a joke in here
20:35 We in sweden do speak like this if we come from Skåne. I did not come frome skåne but from Småland so my accent is like a amerikan accent (for some reason)
I dunno, I think Daniel is justified considering all the trauma he went through so he's very dependant on Sean
Loved this episode dude!
I can just imagine at 33:28
Jack is just outside singing
“Let’s get it on”
Jack: Are any of you legal drinking age

Me: aren't they working on a weed farm
If they spent the whole first episode on the dad then Sean would just complain that they wasted so much time on a character that was going to die anyway. God, I get tired of him complaining constantly, especially about the voice acting, which is great.
Where we’re Finn and Cassidy is season 1 or was it before the storm?
When you were talking to Cassidy and that girl left her arm glitched.
Jack, an Irishman who won't say no to a drink: "Are you two of legal American drinking age?"
Me: "Sir, have you been drinking? Your acting like a pot and calling the kettle black, again."
I think they are swedish of how they prononce the city Malmö 



I should know
i think the new characters show the passage of time and how far they've travelled
31:37
Sean: you ...want me to...come inside?

Me: Huehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehuehue.
Daniel probably left on his own
Congrats Jack, you got the best ending possible...
Oh wait nevermind, Sean got killed
Oh, the Council was impressed, of course
Could he bring balance to the Force?
They interviewed the kid
Oh, training they forbid
Because Yoda sensed in him much fear

Does Star wars not exist in that universe cause this reminds me alot of Anakin so much
Daniel basically has the force
23:00
Jack Bullet Club confirmed
Why didn’t you go for the safe aghhhhhh (I haven’t watched this all yet) 



Edit: well shit...
Cassidy looks like lil miquela.
please make your own covers of songs to play in the background of the muted scenes
“ I think I made a super villain”
He was already a super villain, did you see what he did to Cassidy and the tree in the lake?
Once again Jack is going to get demonized.
yep, kinda sweet to show sum nude to like 1 mill people 34:03
As long as Cassidy is alive, Sean has hope
Me: is that Weed?
A little bit later: IT IS WEED!!
The credits are always for welcome back to jacks story telling tips.
That escalated quickly, can't wait to see what happens next, Daniel is gonna go super sayan lol
Jacob is so awkward i am too so i like him lol that whole sentence seemed so uncomplex 😂😂
the gaelic gladiator knows da accents
Every boy feels there you know what in that cold lake scene
WHY DID THEY LEAVE US ON A CLIFFHANGER DON'T PULL A TWDG ON US
I so ship Sean and Finn.
Daniel's the new Super Villain Mate.
54:20 Oh man that eye took an absoulute pounding this episode
I'm not a fan about how they're changing him into a villain
In the credits someone's name was Constance gay
I played Party Tattoos by Dodie during the cutscenes. It works way too well.
Sean is just Carl from the waking dead now
Episode 4
 is coming out 22 August 2019 and Episode 5 is coming out on the 3rd December 2019
Jack do more funniest home videos
Also do the sham wow commersial its good cause vince is in it
after you should do all the good stuff with daniel
I feel like at the end, Sean is going to have to end Daniel's life to protect the world.
The description kills me
I feel like Jake thinks he's a sign if Jesus JAKE STOP WE DON'T NEED A CULT.
Sean you would love my dog Max. He's an snoutzer poodle mix and I could just watch his adorable tail wag all day.
wasn't the river toxic? thats what they said before.
bro when is the next vid
Wish I could make a video game great as this. Ah...
Sean likes those long plays man
We are dedicated fans.
We are always on the watch for new content.
We are SepticSubs.
I wonder what would be the conflict Jack said,
I wanna see more Daniel powers Jack said 😤
Daniel is my favourite character lol alot of people hate him
This is the best video Jack and I hope the new one comes soon can't wait
His face seeing that tattoo killed me
Tati gained 2mil + In a day 

Can i reach 100 in a day?
calmest intro he has ever done
YOUR VIDS ARE THE BOMB
I hope Daniel gets more mature as time goes on, he really annoyed me in this episode and the previous two. I knew they were setting up for Cassidy and Sean to get together. That sex scene made me uncomfortable as well. I would have let Finn get shot. I'm sorry but if someone screwed me over like that I wouldn't want anything to do with them and wouldn't care what happened to them. I agree with you that they should have built up the bond between the dad, Sean, and Daniel more in episode 1. Maybe we'll get a flashback of them bonding in the next episode. It looks like Sean will be alone, maybe he will reflect on the good times they had together?
I got so freaking happy when Sean and Cassidy got together. I knew it was going to happen but still
Cassidy inviting Sean to the tent: 

Me: MAKE BEAUTIFUL BABIES
29:25 when she said "I plead guilty", at first I thought she said "I peed again"
I like how the percentages at the end fucKING SPOIL WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM
Every man respects sean when he went in the lake
They work on a weed farm. I don't think they care about the legal drinking age. Lol 😂
My problem with Life is Strange 2 is how useless the power is in the game and its boring plot. Literally the plot consists of Sean and Daniel's father dying so instead of seeing what happens if confronted by the cops, they are just running place to place with no value to them doing random activities that are meaningless and chatting, which is also meaningless. In the first Life is Strange, the story was more complex and interesting with time mechanics being intertwined with a tornado, meanwhile trying to discover what happened to Rachel with the player being thrown off track with a collective of shady and suspicious characters. Furthermore, Life is Strange gives the player a new time wielding mechanic that makes the game more interesting and unique, meanwhile also making the mechanic an essential part of the game to progress. This differentiates in comparison to Life is Strange 2 where not only is the power not given to the player, but the power has proven to be useless. It has not been utilized meaningfully with the plot and the fact that this is playing out so blandly ruins the game for me. Not to mention Life is Strange 2 has worse voice acting, worse expressions, and has a bland cast of characters. I couldn't care less about Sean and Daniel's relationship but in the first Life is Strange, the cast of characters are unique and intriguing and Max and Chloe's relationship is strong and makes the player feel attached to them. This is a bit of a rant, but yeah
oh man you need to look up that truck scene with the music!! its too good!
25:12 got me like OOF
Don’t turn your back on the wolfpac 🐺🤝
I feel like Daniel ran away because he saw the damage he had done
that's kinda sad. The developers said that this is the episode with the most choices yet the choices were so black and white that in the end there was no conflict and most people got the same ending. I feel like this episode could have been handled better especially with Finn's romance(?) route
56:50 hahaha constance (wheeze) constance gay hahahaha
Nice video and love the new mug
long story short Hi I am Kassidy with purple hair not to be confused with Cassidy with purple dreads 

So I’m one of those people who are doing something during videos and episode 3 videos threw me through a loop...
feels like people forget how kids act when they feel even a smidge powerful
No offense Shaun, but....






WHY ARE YOU CHOOSING THE WRONG THINGS AAAA
Nice haircut Jack 😎
Come inside? Uh I'm dead. XD
If this is anything like the walking dead then in episode 5 Sean Diaz might “die” protecting Daniel from the cops or big joe and Merrill then you’ll be Daniel and using the power 100%





And Sean will either be shown alive at the end of cutscene or actually be dead
I really can’t defend this game anymore. This whole episode felt like filler and added nothing substantial to the story. They were trying to show us how Daniels powers effected how he acts, his personality, and how he grows as an individual but it was poorly executed. There’s no real call backs to past lIS2 episodes and the story as a whole feels choppy and disconnected from the past decisions you made. The point of life is strange is to have a say on what happens to the main characters, but it feels like every decision we made was pointless because every ending is basically the same. It’s infuriating bc as a fan I feel like they could of done a much better job with a title that has so much potential
I think Daniel got away with the money
And this video has been age restricted
I can not wait for the next episode 🤩🤩🤩🥳🥳🥳
you will utilize Daniel's power if you choose the Finn route.
This Plan Is TERRIBLE




how is it terrible you are amazing jacksepticeye
I sense a Brody comeback in the future.
I hope Sean isn't dead cause Daniel would probably lose is sane and
Kill himself just to be with Sean
Very very sad...
To be continued...
😂😂😂
AAH need another episode >.<
I have a lowkey crush on Ingrid lmao
No offense but he did pretty bad this ep I mean he ignored Daniel every chance he got
Yeah, I don't like Daniel at all, don't like him before as well.. 🤷‍♀️
Don't worry Jack you can have my dog as long as you take a photo with him🤣
I was screaming "no" since the skinny dipping part
Cass: let go swim in the lak

ME: She wants the D
the entire lake scene all I could hear were creepers being hit in the backround
idk why but i think sean and cassidy has the same face
FINNA DON'T MANIPULATE I'M TRYNA LOVE YOU
And that's why you still have the condoms safety first kids
Im actually crying...I binged all the ones you've done in a day, was dumb enough to get attached, and now trying not to cry. I legit hope episode 4 comes SOON. I wanna know if my boi, Sean, and his girl, Cassidy, are okay...
Why is everyone shouting sean this isnt Heavy Rain.
37:34 no Sean Cassidy already did that for you
oh god i killed my brother
we'll sorry Sean
Theory time what if they make more life is strangers like 3 then  a 4th one and so on and what if the last one all of them come together to form a super squad
when he cuts out D.A.N,C.E. by justice and its not the same /:
Please play more of this and your my favorite
hOw Is ThIs NoT dEmOnItIzEd Or AgE rEsTrIcTeD
Let Daniel get a tattoo 2019
I just cannot stop looking at Sean haircut it's just to Good.
Bro his hair cut is mine awesome
Man cass REALLY wants that D huh 😂😂😂😂
31:41 "You want me to come inside" can go with ways 😉
The best way to remember somebody is Ä̤ K̤̈Ï̤S̤̈S̤̈
Just replay. I mean I looked too but gonna try other paths to experience it.
I would like to see a Life is Strange game where the main character has super speed, I think that would be super cool :)
Last episode I thought the voice Jack kept doing at the farm was Mater from Cars.
25:05 that dude just like glitched and I'm laughing
I got ad from oe of our political parytes ...
Why do you love relationships with people in life is strange
They pulled a Negan plotline when they were gonna steal from the boss. legit!
"you want me to come inside" youre a bit young for kids sean
You are turning into a nitpicky old man Jack.
aaaaaaaaah i love this series so much and cant wait for the next episode
51:42 jack turns into a chainsaw
DE-MON-IT-IZED
3:36 Stop your making me hungry
Wait wait wait: he drinked a beer and got a tattoo - dude you mustn’t do that 😬
Is it just me, or is sean looking more like sean as the game goes on?
Sean and Daniel have taken their first steps to realising the truth...
Peace is a lie. There is only Passion.
Through Passion they gain Strength.
Through Strength they gain Power.
Through Power they gain Victory.
Through Victory their chains are Broken.
The Force shall free them.

>.>
Plz make an episode 4 plz this game is so good
Finn looks like lil pump xd
YouTube: DEMONITIZED
Wish he went with the Finn route xD
Sean they knew the mom was alive, she just keft without a word
I love how jack goes around and doesn't explore every option. Just finds the quickest answer
Please do another when it comes out or when you can! I love it!
Jack:-Makes excuse cuz he knows what is gonna witness 31:55 😂
jack play (a plague tale)
i cant wait another 3 months for the next episode!!!
I think you're being too critical
Who else called it that Jack kills everyone.
Merrill?
More like Merrill-juana
Honestly there's a certain aesthetic to the tattoo.  A weird doodly aesthetic. I like it tbh >.>
daniel is basically tenn from the walking dead
THE MOM WAS ALWAYS ALIVE SHE LEFT THEM
So is Daniel Mob from Mob psycho 100
Daniel being a brat results in one thing...


His brother losing an eye.
Holy crud that is one bad ending for an episode
I came back to your channel I used   to watch your skate videos I like how your channel has grown
I don't know, Before the Storm is my favorite. Especially because of Rachel. And I wish too that the developers used Daniel's power more often. The whole thing between Sean and Cassidy was so sweet, I really liked that. Hopefully next episode there will be improvement with the audio and voice acting. I enjoyed the episode
MAKE A PART 3
nothing can best dbh!
jack a boy u got me at a bad time lol im at a camp
jack’s face in 29:30 PRICELESS
JACK!! Your eye.
Just wait until Dutch’s appearance in episode 4 he will have the best plan he just needs some money
Do you remember the grandmoms house she said they lost touch with the mom.
Bruuuuuuuuuuuuuuh Daniel should get some lessons on how to use his powers from Mob......from Mob Psycho 100 if you haven't seen that anime...go watch it...please
25:11 that look in jacks eyes.. I sweat
They want to go there because there dad always wanted to go back you have to listen jack
I want jacks mug. Ok thx bye
i really wanted sean to have a power that wakes up in the end
Damn Daniel hurt who he was tryna protect the most. Makes sense . And I saw it coming but they still did a good job of exceeding my expectations.
51:04 jack created brightburn
It's so different without the music
Told ya Finn would piss you off! When I found out that they were going to do it anyway, I went back and said yes to Finn's request and then they made out. I was pleased lol
When Sean says we are all armed and shows his arms I was crying of laughter
Jack: "...Does anyone have a dog I could borrow?..."

Me: "I will personally go to the store and buy you one" ;)
Wow!! Amazing!  I can't wait to see what happens in the he next episode!!
25:06 stare at penny and witness the glitch in the matrix
33:58 that is exactly how I feel all the time
Can you do another play through but with the music?..?
First of all Daniel is just the worst and secondly Cassidy better not be dead 💀
Sean found a reason to use the condoms!
God, Daniels the worst.
 I don't often advise killing off the kid but. Yeah. Please
Get rid of Daniel
Sean should’ve given himself a tattoo he’s the artist 😂
I reckon Sean does have a power, but I think its mild healing? Mean how many times has he got hurt because of daniels powers? Yet he seems to heal up within no time.
Dont get me wrong though. That eye is well gone 😂
33:44 "ook" LMAO
Septic eye got a bit literal
25:52 she... Omg she want to go skinny dipping 😂😘😍😃🤣😂
jack pls play hollow knight
Damn... ''you're alone, now.'' Did he diedededed? One man adventure from now on?
Daniel has just felt unlikable almost this entire series imo. Sean is a good character with his arc but Daniel hasn't really changed at all and it frustrates me
Sean now has a septic eye
when you were the younger brother? does that mean you somehow passed your siblings in age?
theyre gonna have a prison episode omg this game is wild
JACK, why dont you just cue up some ncs or something and play it while recording durring the parts that have no music...?
That felt like such a short episode
u mad a super mistake not a super villain
Sean's gonna get a septic eye after this episode! Hit the road, Jack (septic-eye)!
DO MORE DO MORE DO MORE DO MORE!!
Daniel the last air bender
I think Sean's dead, and we're gonna control Daniel now.
dude no :((( we didnt get the finn kiss
Sean kinda really smart somewhat
The weird this is, I am 17, but I have no Girlfriend.
I cant believe he let him cut his hairrr😭😖
Daniel is actually still one of my top characters along with Sean. I love him because of how extra he is and surprising.  Despite this episode, I still love my the brothers :)
Am i not supposed to watch this?
Oh you can borrow our dog please go ahead dig her grave up 😭😭🐶
as long as I can come with!
I got a feeling Sean is going to get powers too in the future
Parenting advice for Sean: 

At this point, he is essentially Daniel's father, so he should act that way. Daniel really isn't a little kid anymore, and teaching him things includes leaving Daniel to make his own decisions more often. I believe if Sean did nothing(both people, lol), Daniel would have responded anyway. It would have (probably)resulted in Finn getting killed, but Daniel would've then learnt to react to a situation on his own, instead of expecting to be pushed by Sean all the time.

Sean has to balance out teenhood and adulthood, this will cause drama naturally. I don't think IRL Sean has to push this, I find trying to developing a character kinda boring. I'd rather see characters develop like real people(with input from real people). So if IRL Sean has to skip an interesting scene because it it's bad for Daniel, I'm more than willing to accept that. I'd hate it if Daniel became a supervillain just for entertainment. Feeling something for a character in a game is essential to your own entertainment and that of anyone watching it.
Holy shit why can't that child just listen, I mean I get it he's just a kid but common he almost got a beating the first time that's gotta be an eye opener already of how serious the situation was , maybe it could have been better if Big joe beat up daniel maybe he'll actually listen more, damn Daniel feels like more and more of a brat as the episode continues 

And congrats on my boy sean finally getting it down
No Sean is still 16. It's February 2017 in the game. I think Sean's birthday is in July.
That ending, oh god...
Im probably the only one tht doesnt ship Cassidy and Sean lmao
Where was your editor this episode in that nsfw part
All I think is holy shit I want to play this
YouTube terms of service, hello???
How is this video still not age-restricted
did anyone else notice in the end credits there was a list of names titled "production babies" what is that about lol
Me when Daniel gets out of control with his powers: Brightburn?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
4:02 Sock's
Who else hates Daniel now
Honestly, this episode has been my favourite. I really dislike this game. But I love Cassidy's character so I think that's why I liked this episode
watch sean's face at 21:27- 21:36
Jack really never uses his head does he?
I just love how you make him do all the power decisions wrong, he will be a great sith to the war ;)
Am I the only one who said yes to the heist just so Sean could kiss Finn?😂
"I know" lol
Cassidy is so attractive
its a good enough option that they even let you mute the claimed music and not narrow it down to all music. just be grateful, jack. you couldve just edited in some sound or something honestly =/
ur the one who chose to mute
The swedish chick is Kenny's wife from the walking dead
Jack, you missed out on way too many things. At least try to take note of the game.
I don't want the crew to split
I liked the ending that jack got but I kind of wish he went and kissed Finn instead of having Sean get with Cass
Turn back on the music. Ads totally don't mean anything😉
Oh how i wish lyla was there and not cassidy
Honestly ill let you borrow my dog is yoir the one paying for the shipping-
It's all Daniels fault
Was that Finn at the end?
My sister was playing a whole new world in the next room when they were in tent making out . Bruh
FBI OPEN UP
I feel like Daniel is too uncontrollable. He’s young, and he knows he has power. I wouldn’t be surprised if Daniel became a villain, or Sean had to stop him in some way.
i also just realized Daniel is the Mexican Darth Vader, he even has the force
You know what they say an 
An eye for an eye
I still miss Lyla..
It really sucks about the music :/ it really adds to the game imo.
I feel like the game just does a bad job in reminding the player that they're trying to get Sean and Daniel out of the country because they're basically wanted criminals and if they're out of the country, they'll be safe. Instead of having Sean discuss how they're gonna go to Puerto Lobos due to the whole Seattle fiasco and how they're criminals with the group during the bonfire scene, they let Daniel speak about how he lost his friends and father. Yeah, that's sad but I feel like the whole bonfire scene would have been more emotional if Sean brought it up again, since it seemed to have been discussed with the group, mainly Finn and Cass, before.

For episode 2, all I got from it was a very poorly executed build up to their mother's bedroom and fan service due to Captain Spirit. Though I appreciated the brothers attempting to have some form of connection with the mother's side of the family, I feel like, they could have emphasised this with little interaction with Captain Spirit and more interaction with the grandparents and have more interaction and conflict with them in regards to their mother. Instead of having them break into the bedroom, they could have had an emotional verbal argument with Daniel going off about how he never knew his mother causing their grandmother to give in.

I think what we all have forgotten is that their mother left them, but I myself have totally forgotten the reason why. I also have completely forgotten if their mother is in Puerto Lobos or not, but what I would like in the story to hopefully leave people shocked and surprised with their jaws hanging, is for the mother to have left the Diaz family due to her powers. It's cliche but it makes sense. It manages to answer the questions of how Daniel got his powers and why his mother left. It just completes the narrative of the game. If their mother is in Puerto Lobos, I hope it's not because she lives there, but I hope it was her attempt to see the boys again.
Seeing him get in that water with the tattoo made me cringe.
Daniel is that one kid who mess up everything
SEAN AND FINN COULD’VE MADE OUT IF YOU SAID YES TO STEALING
1:06:05 
Either he played the episode first then recorded it or he somebody spoiled the choices for him but doesn’t that mean the reactions on this episode were fake????? 👹💀
Cassidyxseanxxxx
I agree with Sean. I don't like emo Daniel.
You should’ve age restricted this lol
Just started the video and I'm already ready for some conflict I think it's been two peaceful not that there's anything wrong with that but that's just how these games are
I feel shawn is dead and so is Cassidy I also had to add he is the new jacksepticeye
idk what the heck is this series now XD
45:38 saving my spot
So... did Sean finally get to use the condoms he kept in his bag?
DEMONITIZED
25:04 that glitch though
I think Hannah is pregnant. o.O
Also i have a cat you can borrow, he's cuddly lol
It was actually the first time that I wanted to punch Daniel in the face for being a brat
Was gonna play this with my 7 year old probably not the best idea
DANIEL PISSES ME OFF SO FREAKIN MUCH. I WOULD'VE BEEN SO TEMPTED TO ABANDON THIS KID FOR PUTTING ME THROUGH THIS.
He diiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
Did anyone else get a sense of deja vu or is it just me cuz I remember being 5 years old I had a glass in my eye you can imagine how scary that is for a kid and if you're wondering yes I'm fine I just can't see very well out of it although I did hurt like s***🤔😄💞
Jack trying to do a accent gave me the biggest headache
I feel like jack has forgotten that they have family in mexico
Got a condom ad right before Sean went swimming with Cas. It was a sign
That would happen either way because Daniel is a little psychopath
3 months???? Smh.
jack finna shane dawson our dogs
Bad brother = bad brother :P
I really wanna see Sean have powers idk whyyy maybe sum with blue electric or sum . Anythingggg
lol he forgot how to do his outro
DO I REALLY HAVE TO WAIT SO MUCH JUST TO SEE IF F@CKING SEAN CASSIDY DANIEL AND FIN ARE OKAY ?!
Casedy is the girl version of jack the truth
Sean: Daniel use “SUICIDE”
Tbh i hope next episode we get to play as Daniel, even for half of it. That way they can really flesh him out more and we get the fun of using his powers more, instead of only playing as Sean, telling Daniel "yes, use them"/"no, don't use them". And if the brother's are apart from each other now, it would make much more sense to see both POV.
Give Daniel the attention he deserves “Sean”
Can u do life is strange for your next video please
Okay so Sean set sean up with a girl coincidence I think not
Got a German Shepard that I'm giving away. You want It
CAMERA ONE
30:18 sooo cringe
Daniel reminds me of Vanya from Umbrella academy
There's a limit to how much I can take off Daniel
That was hard for me to see Seans eye when I played it a week ago. Finn drove a wedge between Daniel and Sean.
I really want jack to make or be a part of making one of these story driven kind of games. After listening to his criticism i know for a fact that the story would be awesome!
Can anybody tell Max I see her pretending not to see me?
Awesome play! good stuff.
Chris Handsen walks in
About the first episode and the mom thing.

I like the idea. It makes more sense to have a sort of introduction to the whole Diaz family during the first episode, build up this "bond" between Esteban (the father) and the player, and then end it off on the seemingly abrupt car topple that we saw in the teaser for the game, and Esteban's death. But, if the devs were to do that, the writers'd have to really try and implement the whole mom thing well, since it's likely an ongoing thing that Karen is actually alive and the brothers have no idea about it. Just to have this big reveal to the characters when you barely really feel connected with the world would likely fall a bit flat. But, then again, we  talking about the company who made Life Is Strange, so they'd likely pass with flying colors if that was what they wanted to do.
Call me crazy, but if Daniel gonna turn out to be the main bad guy at the end of all this? Or is this another Atreus from Dad Of BOY situation?
Ah of course it ends there... But omg, Finn, you kinda suck, and Daniels not very likeable anymore :/
18:18 
Do it do it do it do it do it do it do it do it fo it do it do it do it...

45:45
Do it do it do it do it do it do it...

Edit: noooooooooooooooo!
I really wanted Sean to end up with Finn, but when Finn pulled that stuff with Daniel I was just kinda disappointed and frustrated
Merrill's voice is too deep for his body
That was so very intense. Oh my. Im sorry sean! That eye is a goner now.
I swear to God if Cass is dead, I'm done.
29:35 is it me or does this voice line sound weird
Cass is trans. I'm calling it
6:43 and i oop-
who kinda thinks cassidy and sean could be a great couple
What if Daniel is blaming himself for his Dad and Mushroom's death. Leaving him alone on a pot farm with super powers probably was a Brightburn move.
easy wayy to solve this problem,report the weed farm.
Sean and Sean both got a hurt eye
see ya guys again in august i think probs
Life is gay am I right boys raises hand
sean: doesn't even get hit pass'sout because of fear
Glad to know im not the only person that hates Daniel
25:06 the party gets so crazy one person decides to phase between dimensions
Ok so my prediction for episode 4, we get a time skip, Daniel is alone thinking that Sean is dead
He doesn't end up going to Mexico and just becomes a wanderer, travelling around hence why he is so old and still just wandering
there goes Sean's eye.
Anyone thinking this game is like elfen lied sometimes
Demonetized
ITS ARIES SEASON
40:08 i see sean has one and of those gamer bottomless pocket
Anyone else see Ingrid fly across the screen at like 25:50?
I miss Lila
So another video with a different ending
FIrst of sean I would like to apologize for skippong the end credits of any video games that you've covered, i'm now realizing that I've misse out on so many more oppertunities that I have realized. Now to answer your question I think it was the wrong desicion to use daniel's powers because he hasn't shown any signs to sean (in the game) that he can use them in a practical use without harming others around him. I also wished he'd use his powers more but I believe that because sean didn't see that in him earlier daniel never had the courage to use his powers more throughout the episode. I hope that makes sense Jack and if you've read this far I'd love to know your thoughts as well, and also if their was anything that didn't make sense I'dlove to answer any question.
That was the most awkward yet cute romance scene in a video game ever
On the next episode, where Sean wakes up and awakens his superpowers
SEANS FUCKDING EYE NOOOOO
At like 33:50 I was dying😂😂😂😂 how awkward it is without the music😂
so uhhhhh... sean is 18 right?
he is so damn safe
Pick and poke tatts are
since when is nudity allowed i'm suprised youtube hasn't taken down the first episode yet but also happy cause its just 2 or 3 seconds of the whole video
Guess Sean now has a septic eye.
This is what deaf people experience on phub
And danial saying they wont tell they saod there wouldnt, flash back to danial saying he wouldnt move as he ruins everybodys job
33:26 
Darude Sandstorm starts playing
This isn't the last episode is it? I'm asking before I look at it. Cause I want to watch the whole thing in one go
30:15 my checkpoint
Daniel such a pain lmao
demonitized
Big Joe has a little joe
54:11 how we thought nick fury  lost his eye
33:52 In the living room with my grandma :|
Definitely from a player standpoint, it would make more sense to build the whole interaction between the kids and the dad in the first episode, but I don't  know that that makes it better storytelling.  The fact that Sean and Daniel are just living a normal life when everything unexpectedly goes to shit, with no sort of preparation before hand, is more honest storytelling in my opinion.  Your main character is a teenager, and this is a time when you DON'T want to spend a bunch of ooey-gooey family time with your parents, for the most part.  Sean is practically embarrassed when his dad hugs him, because he's a teenager, and no matter how much he loves his dad (and it is clear he loves his dad very much), he's at that point where he wants to be treated like a man, not a kid.

So the fact that we don't have all this time with the boys and dad together I feel is more honest storytelling, and the fact that we can spend so little time with dad and still be horrified when he is needlessly gunned down by a trigger-happy cop really says a lot.  Sean just going about his day, trying to have time to himself and get ready for a party before everything goes crazy and he goes on the run with Daniel leaves the player in that "holy shit, now what the fuck do we do?" mindset right there with the boys.  I disagree that the first episode needs changing just to be a cohesive story.

This episode, however, in terms of meandering from the narrative.  This episode was kinda all over the place.  I think they could have hit all the high points without it having to be homeless kids working on a pot farm.
Wait why has jack not been asked to be in a movie
Sean listen to me FOR THE INTRO:TOP TO YA LADIEES  MY NAME IS JACKSEPTICEYEEE  and play mortal kombat 11 everyone request this AND GET YOUR GREEN HAIR BACK
i feel like it would have worked better by just combining the 2nd and 3rd episode.
i like the ways jack is fiddling around the story. but i think just combing the 2nd and 3rd would have been a simpler way to be less boring.
HIS POWER LEVEL IS OVER 9000
Life is Strange 2 is absolute garbage compared to Life is Strange 1. You can't change my mind
I feel like Daniel will become a villain of the Life Is Strange Universe/Franchise
You know that's messed up I tried every ending and it inevitably ends bad
At least he didn’t die as a virgin forever
Life is strange2 Episode3:  try not to cringe challenge
DUDE PLEASE GET EPISODE 4 OF LIFE IS STRANGE 2
Avoids copywrited music, gets demonetized anyway
I didn't like the outcome of this episode, but I know it's to get this story going.... I just hope we get a satisfying ending...
actually if you do want to be an adult, making bad decisions is part of waht adults do.
Wouldn't it be cool if we see Daniel bring down a mountain with his powers that be so cool
I think the mum's going to have powers
Sean didn’t even get to brush his teeth :(
Bets on meeting Max and Chloe next episode? I mean they're in California and Los Angeles was where Max and Chloe planned on going
WASNT THAT LAKE TOXIC???
Thank you Jack for noticing that neither Daniel nor Finn are to be seen anywhere because I thought I was the only one who noticed
honestly though all the bad things happen just because daniel’s being petty so
I hope Daniel doesn’t disappear, I love that kid 😢. His lack of attention makes me sad, too.
I hope chapter 4 gets a bit more action in the middle of the chapter.  I like character development and all, but it is somewhat annoying having the only action sequences be and the very end of the chapter.
There going to Mexico because Mexico has no extradition and they wouldn’t be fugitives
She said this "damn daniel"
Last time I trusted somebody I lost an eye.
Right now i'm disapointed why dosen't sean have powers but daniel
jack why dont u just make your own game
Just obey Meril. Don’t escalate the situation
The dude in the thumbnail to the right looked like dantdm
Daniel cmon now I've seen other characters younger than you like Clementine catch on to what they need to do to survive quicker than you have like you need to stop whining in listen to your older brother
I wonder how long Sean lasted.
Is it only me or does Cassidy's face looks like Sean's? 😮 (the character I mean, not Jacksepticeye😂)
37:37 oh god
That end tho...
Hi I love life is strange
Jack what you think makes more sense would be too cliche which is why the way they do it makes it more fun
I HATE DANIEL
HEY LISTEN
26:35 😂
His power
I bet Sean has healing powers or something
Well the child has just gained teleportation.
another AJ
a super AJ...jeez
Next minute Max comes in and rewind's time like she is more powerful then daniel she can make a ecplise and a tsunami
Why do I feel like this video and the previous are gonna be taken down
They talk about their mom if you go to bed with Daniel.
tbh I kinda hate Daniel in this episode...
I think sean is perished and daniel has become older
HE'S A SITHLORD I CALLED IT
Did you forget to censor or what?
why is your face cam smaller
If you made the other Finn would die and Daniel would be extra angry
Didn’t noticed the finn kiss choice
Awwwww big joe
I get why people would not like Daniel in this episode but if you go through everything it makes a lot of sense.
1) He lost his dad
2) He's had to give up everything he's known for the entirety of life before that point
3) lost his dog
4) Thought he let friend near the grandparents place down by lying to him
And now his brother, probably the only person he can actually trust is hanging out with other people, leaving him alone and saying they can't go to their mom.. Of course he's acting bratty he wants love plus he's nine. Honestly I feel bad for daniel.
Powers come from their ancestors
aw, shit. here we go agane
...is Sean dead?
Ingrid totally sounds swedish, at the least very Scandinavian. The voice actress is from Iceland iirc, the languages are closely related and pronunciations are similar.
30:57 pause
I like Daniel but to be fair I think he's been the problem the whole time, from the beginning. Does anyone agree? If not, please don't be too harsh on my opinion.
Do you have a tattoo?
I like your mug, unt
its like the walking dead all over again
If someone asked me to kiss them i would say no  and just make it as awkward as possible
At 25:58, anyone else see Ingrid just nyoom across the screen real quick?
I want moreeeeee
What if Daniel has is Powers because of his mom and maybe that’s why she left?🤔🤯😏
boioioioing
How is the credits as long as the Bible but they can’t make a clean polished game
33:43
HI GUYS IN NEW ON THIS CHANNEL HOPE YOU WELCOME ME
Wonder what the plan was
God damn it, I was watching this before going to sleep, how the hell am I supposed to sleep now!?!?!?!?!?!
She actually thought the wolf was good but I would have been hesitant to say it’s good
Daniel I understand that you really love your brother Sean but if you love someone you don't control them and take hold over them you can't expect them to be with you 24/7 just like you hang out with Finn without  Sean sometimes he can do the same with Cassidy and y'all will always be brothers
i think it was cool to have both cassidy and finn in this episode so you could choose which romance path you want to go down
Life is strange 1 is better than 2
How many people think Sean got Cassidy pregnant?
Why not add your own music
more!
They don't know where the Mom actually is, they just lost their jobs, and puerto lobos is where their father grew up and likely still has family.
Life is strange 1 was way better
Damn, Daniel
Who took the money
Man who else is bummed that we have to wait another 3 months for the next episode
Violet vibes in the ending of Sean
That went real bad real fast
I’m honestly hating Daniel and Sean the choices here are not the best in my opinion
I think the mother might have the power too... Jacob said "it can't be random"... and maybe that's why the mother left? Maybe she was scared when she found out she had powers ?
What do you think?
I don't really like how Daniel doesn't listen to Sean and shit, but I was sad when he got shot just because he's a kid. Hopefully he's okay and I hope the next episode comes out soon because I need to know what happens to everyone.
NO SPOILERS
At 1:59 he looks like he's taking a dump
That eye tho
you should have done nothing and let fiin get killed
2:03 his voice doesn't match his face
First off,  jack asking if there even at legal drinking age, overlooks the fact of them working at a illegal pot farm, hmmm dose it really matter
I still think they may end up giving Sean powers as well, possibly something that has to do with the eye that keeps getting hurt.
Chasity like i be stroking
Sean! I remember now! Cassidy and Finn were the ones that you saw with Sean's grandparents when you went to that little fair thingy. The train hoppers! edit: Literally hit enter right before Cassidy said "we met at the market" edit 2: I think if you chose Finn as your lover Cassidy might have been the one to do the money heist? I dunno.
;)
27:46 lol
yasssss
I don’t have a dog but we have a lot of cats you can borrow. 😊
I think once they're in Mexico they think they might be untouchable/can make new identities and be at less risk of cops tracking them there? Plus didn't the dad have a cabin over there or something?
Jack! he is you! he's got a septiceye too!
Jack get ready to delete this video sooner for showing nudes
29:15
I guess if Jack does become a father, then he would be an awkward father when talking to his kid about things like this!
I can't neglect my brother because I don't have friends.
33:07just his face
Why are y'all so mad at this nine year old who just lost his father, is constantly on the run, doesn't have any friends his own age, the one person he's close to would rather spend his time with others, and he's told to keep his power away at all times. Of course he's mad af ~
Does anyone think whenever they say Daniel in the game Matt Watson saying damn Daniel comes up in there mind because I do
daniel in this episode reminded me a bit of atreus in god of war, both kids start getting cocky after discovering the potential of their powers and stop listening to their mentor figures.
33:48 EXACTLY
I played the first Life Is Strange and I really liked it. I keep watching the videos for each new one, Before the Storm, Captain Spirit, and now this. Honestly, the only one I even liked was the first one and they seem to be getting progressively worse. The choices in this episode didn't even matter at all.
I agree that the direction for some of the voice acting could be better. The game hinges on these choices being tough because you're invested with these characters, but it's hard to be invested when the dialogue gets unnatural.
I don’t know y but I think u have to kill Daniel soon in episode 5 maybe
53:53
Big Joe looks like my dad.
goddamn i hate eye trauma yikes
WTF IT CANT JUST END LIKE THAT!!!!!
Is that the end
You can have my puppy
Your choices matter a lot more than you think!! You totally ignored everyone but Cassey baciclly.. wHeN wiLl yOu lEaRn!!
Is it just me, or does Sean do and AMAZING impression of a hippy dude at 26:35 - 26:46. Seriously, why is this man not a professional voice actor!!!
I'd like to say something about the tattoo part,  jack seemed to think it was ugly


But just know not a tattoos have to be pretty some are just based on a reason like I've seen some people get ugly written letter from their kids tattooed on em,  Sean got that tattoo to remember which in way is gonna make him love it even more than just a normal good tattoo
thats a nice cup you have jack
Maybe dontnod and square enix will make Sean have a meet up with Max and Chloe.
Do y'all ever have that moment were you taking a piss and you shake to make sure it's all out and then you put on your pants and a jolt of piss just comes out and runs down your legs
Why are you guys so pissed at Daniel? wtf.
He lost his dad, then had to runaway from home, having to obey his brother, discovered powers, had to deal with the police. Then suddenly his brother started to not pay much attention to him and was manipulated by a guy he really trusted (Finn), also had to work on a pot farm and get SHOT. AND HE IS FUCKING NINE. Give him a break.
danos end game
Daniel the Bad Airbender
39:29
I like this game so much I screamed when he said the next episode comes out in 3 months.
i guess in the next ep sean will wake up and it will be his super power im just gessing
It looks like a 4 year old drew that wolf no offense tho😂😂
Daniel it's just overwhelmed with all the events happening all simultaneously like he literally got shot in the shoulder so even though past Tendencies had shown that he was acting like a villain in the making I don't think this counts as anyting because his powers are very attached to his emotion and if he's overwhelmed I feel like his powers will overwhelm him too
1:08:45 i think daniel is a supervillain now
That’s sad. The different endings arent drastically different
It was very weird watching the sex scene without music
Nudity and Sean still has ad revenue
There are other paths replay till you've played it from every possible angle. It's a game. Someone dumped on me for saying that  back in episode 2. You'd think people would now that by now as Life is strange and before the storm were the same way.
I really don't like Daniel anymore!
Jack should just bust out his drums when there is a scene with no music
ffs, Daniel...
Is this the last episode?
Knew the condoms would come in handy
Merrill God damn can you let someone talk for once actually Sean came to stop Daniel and Finn and so did Cassidy
Did anyone else noticed that Sean and finn could’ve kissed
i cant wait to see the next episode and will  Sean be wearing a badass eye patch. if we ignored Cassidy will Daniel not go out with Finn or is it gonna be the same i guess its gonna be the same
Why yoy gota ruin this for me
33:55 I put on 'Lets get it on'
Kill Merrill and big Joe
13:41 No. They aren't related.
Merril and Daniel were nowhere to be seen in that last scene, so I'm thinking that maybe he took Daniel to the police station or something along those lines.
51:10 he mad af
I agree with the criticism, although I think overall, it‘s still a good game even if it‘s not comparable for me with season 1.
But, I’m really confused about he mum now, Karen... did I get it wrong that they already knew that she just left them years ago, but they just did‘t know that someone (like the grandparents) were still in contact with her and that she is still interested in her boys?
Or did they really think the mother died until that letter?
I HAVE A DOG
I think it would be best to go back and redo this episode to see where it goes considering we didn't get much out of Wastelands and waited so long for it.
35:17 Who is caught it that he had a weak pull out game
That wolf tattoo looks like my problems
NSFW
33:23 is like your watching a movie with your parents and THIS comes on.... and you can't do nothing about it
(To minds think alike eh?)
Jack, I have 3 dogs, have one if you want
ALL AD MONEY GONE
This plan is even worst then ducth plan
You can borrow my dog to Sean... So that when you return him, i can gloat at everyone about how my dog has been touched by God. :D
is Sean dead
1:09:58 Yeah the descisions are smoke and mirrors, but I feel like they still have value, being able to explore minor variations on these events. Like you got the date with Cassidy thing, while others got that sweet moment with Daniel you mentioned. In something like a movie they have to pick one of those scenes and cut the other. Not to mention in the begining you can learn about all those other characters you talked to, or not. It aint perfect, and the fact that games need to make money still affects it, but i feel the value for this style of game as it is still is there
Deceased rat
55:29 no nine year old is THAT complainy. at nine years old thats when you dont wanna hang out with your siblings. they seem to be writing daniel like hes 5 years old
Sean had the best trims. You can't fuckung touch Daniel. That boy is finna kill you. WHAT IS WITH THE OVERREACTION DAMN. And then taking away everyone's payday tf
A Light Little Whapoosh
damn daniel
damn daniel
That haircut you get is not worth any points you’d get from Cass afterwards, I’m so glad I didn’t get it
39:58
wow ok
Sean is so awkward
Nooooooooo
I can see why the ending messed up. It because he used POWER. It hasn't changed since life is strange 1. Choosing a life of a person by using power can let thousands of people die
I see an boobdemono
no they aren't actual brother and sister because cassidies brother was one one the reasons she left
not being with your brother enough will affect him. if you werent nice to him in the last episode and said "tell chris about your powers" he wouldn't, he'd lie.
How did this not get demonetized? I mean, they were literally naked. No hate, just confused as to how this demonetized thing works. Also, Daniel and Finn are now my MOST hated characters on this game!!! I knew Finn would take Daniel anyway even without Sean's permission. Also, I think that Cassidy should really come with Daniel and Sean when or if they go to Puerto Lobos. She is always talking about seeing new places and meeting new people. She should take this chance, plus I really want Cassidy and Sean to get to know each other better. Just my feedback.
Um im 12 and this love thing kinda cringing me out
DAMN DANIEL
It’s so weird when he keeps saying “Cassidy”.. well cause that’s my name...
Big mojo
Damn... Now who will be hero?
Y’all negative people that don’t think Daniel is a good character shouldn’t watch if your gonna whine about it
9:01 damn Daniel
I hate life is strange 2
I want to know what info Finn was feeding to Daniel while Sean wasn't around... I know he's just a kid but they will pretty much listen to anyone that gives them the time of day and although Daniel had his problems with not getting what he wants. This whole being pissed at Sean thing feels way too much for him to have conjured up on his own. After all Finn did call Daniel, "Seans secret weapon" after they came back from working.. Then followed it up with the more you try to control him the less you will have. Maybe (if Finn isn't dead) he will confess up to something?
my eyes
yay😂
I'm so sad the music's muted... It takes SO MUch away from the game... I know why Jack did it, and that I can watch it with the licenced music on other channels. but it's just not the same...
i have two dogs and i live in greece soooooo kindof a hustle to borrow
you should have grabbed the condoms before you went in the tent
Finally
i dissvlikee seann, just cuz now, he isnt the sweet boi i know, (i just dont like thr hair, no offense to the people that like the new hair)
I think the mom has powers because Sean is not related to the mother but Daniel is so he must get the powers from his mom
When Sean asked if anyone has a dog he can borrow I looked over and asked mine if she wanted to be borrowed and got a blank stare back 🐶🐶
Yeah I chose not to use the damn power at the end and well bye bye Finn. I thought that I could of talked things out with him. I thought that if I used my power I might of accidentally set the gun off killing someone. BUT I was wrong :( 💩💩💩💩
34:49 i have a dog!
jack, can you just stop comparing the first life is strange to this one, I know it's sequel to the first but the story is different. in the first game you played a girl who has the powers but this one you are playing a person who's little brother has powers. in the first since you have time powers you have to think about the choices you make and make a wrong mistake you use the powers to get better outcome but in this one you have to takecare and teach/guide your brother since he's just a child who doesn't know shit and what's worst than a child who doesn't know shit, a child who has powers and doesn't know shit which makes him cocky and shit like that and thats where you come in  to try to protect your little brother from his stupidity and cockiness because he thinks he's powerful with those powers. so stop comparing the usage of power of both games, 
What happened to penny?
didnt you get a chance to choose between going to puerto lobos and trying to find the mother earlier on in the game?
Why call it life is strange, it’s kinda almost ripping off the first game if there isn’t any characters from it
20:47 
Oh, well imagine

As I'm pacing the pews in a church corridor

And I can't help but to hear

No, I can't help but to hear an exchanging of words

Kinda sounds like that song.
After you upload these to YouTube, do you replay it with music? the Life is Strange series games soundtrack creates a great atmosphere. Sucks that you are playing it without music the first time.
15:00 yeah they probably are at legal drinking age as they look like they’re in their late teens, they referred to themselves as adults multiple times. I think they must be legal drinking age, even if they’re 18 they can drink.
I like the stuff with Sean and Kassidy but I feel like he's getting distracted I hope this doesn't bite him in the ass and Finn doesn't do something stupid because I love Finn I love them all
I love Finn, but I hope in episode 4 you can give him some shit for bringing Daniel to Merrill's, even though Sean told him no.
I want to kill daniel
“No. You can’t make this into some cosmic bullshit” “but it’s Aries season” JACK WHY 😂
Big joe just walks out done with this shit when Sean stole his car
Is it a thing for big YouTubers to have big beards?
jack your so good with your mouth
Hopefully this episode is a wakeup call to the little shiy
Dude no one will call the cops they all hate the police and government
So looking back at the end choices (spoilers), either Finn died and Daniel would be upset and lash out with his powers, or Daniel would hate sean and use his powers regardless. Keeping that in mind, as bad as this played out, it looks like Jack picked the best ending by supporting his brother and his powers, all while saving both Finn (Daniels friend) and Cassidy (Sean's friend) and keeping everyone alive. I honestly believe this was the best ending we could have gotten (yes, I know how you feel about Finn but Daniel likes him so imagine how messed up or hurt Daniel would be if he died, he might have never forgiven Sean for letting him die).
So looking back at the end choices (spoilers), either Finn died and Daniel would be upset and lash out with his powers, or Daniel would hate sean and use his powers regardless. Keeping that in mind, as bad as this played out, it looks like Jack picked the best ending by supporting his brother and his powers, all while saving both Finn (Daniels friend) and Cassidy (Sean's friend) and keeping everyone alive. I honestly believe this was the best ending we could have gotten (yes, I know how you feel about Finn but Daniel likes him so imagine how messed up or hurt Daniel would be if he died, he might have never forgiven Sean for letting him die).
I bet we playin’ as daniel next time...
I hate that this ends here
Hi
Yo, shawns gonna look pretty cool with an eyepath though.
Me reacting to daniel's powers again
is he a jedi? Worthy??.. He's a jedi im sure
Or that Sean and Daniel get into a life is death situation and Sean gets his powers like his brother and blows something up better than his brother and gets wasted like Daniel in the beginning
Why is everybody saying that daniel is the worst character? Hes just confused but still a good kid
JACK YOU DID A PROFESSIONAL JOB AND THIS HAS BEEN ONE OF THE BEST SERIES IN HISTORY AND IM LOOKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT SERIES IN A FEW MONTHS THANK YOU FOR YOUR GOOD WORK 🤗🙂👌👍🏆
Am i the only one that really likes Finn? I know his decision was really stupid and wouldn't help sean and Daniel's situation but if you think about Finn perspective,it makes sense as to why he'd want to do that. Everyone in that group deserves better and i know Finn wants that he just didnt know how to do achieve that in a safe way i guess. I just think Finn had good intentions <3
I'm at 10:50 in the video, but I feel like at some point mabye this episode or some other Sean might get powers a mabye but not sure.
Also can we get some F's in the chat for Sean's left eye.
The only question I have about going to Mexico is do they have there passport and don’t you think the police would inform border patrol
This is why I don't like most kids characters they just make some unnecessary things.
I swear there should be more girls like cassidy just like oh your a virgin its fine dont be nervous just it doesnt matter
Why does he keep thinking that someone thought their mum was dead? No one said the mum was dead, Shaun knew she was alive all along.
Is it only me that hates it when protagonists or mc falls in love especially when they have siblings to take care of? Oh only me? Okay.
They never thought the mom died. She abandoned their family to go who knows where. Sean fully knows that and that's why he is so against going to her or her family for anything. Daniel was so young when it happened that he doesnt have any actual memory of it. So he's got a bit more of a fantastical view of his mom, and therefore wants to go to her
Daniel turned into a windy shitbag this episode
Daniel says he's not a kid anymore then goes and acts like a bratty kid! Just cuz you throw a tantrum, doesn't mean you get to use your powers. Listen to Sean for once Daniel! P.S. Cassidy helped you more than hurt you, so what you did was unfair to her...
Hi my name's Daniel I got shot in the shoulder then decided to use my psycho powers to destroy this house
LIL UZI, LIL PUMP, MGK , TECH 9INE are the aliases of some of these characters lol.
I have two theories for the next episode: One is, if Sean is dead, you're going to play as Cassidy and travel with Daniel to Mexico. The second is based on the last cutscene where we see either Sean or Daniel walking. In this situation Daniel was abandoned and we get to play as him in his teens/adulthood. But if the way there would only take a month as Sean said, it couldn't be Daniel, since he is only nine years old. Also because of the desert we can assume he's in Arizona or Mexico already (since in Episode 3 you're in California)
Daniel has easily become a very unlikable character, Even if he is a Kid, He acts like he’s better then Sean who’s trying to be a father figure and a Brother at the same time, and he makes serious mistakes like going with Finn to steal money, and Sean has to pay the price for Daniels mistakes

I get he’s trying to prove he’s responsible but at this point I don’t really sympathize with his character, and because of his Powers Sean lost an Eye, Because Sean was Right  and he paid the price for it.
The only way to keep Cassidy out of danger is by changing your mind on the heist and she runs off.
Upload the next ONE PLSSSS
Jack, they already knew the mom wasn't dead. They never thought that she was dead. She divorced the dad and left them. There was an whole flash back of Sean saying he hated his mom for that reason 😂
The real question is why. He would easily have killed Cassidy for no reason why not just kill Merrill with no evidence because of his powers grab the money and leave? Jesus this episode was a mess
Am I the only person that didnt want Daniel to get laid with Cassidy?
31:35 no Sean that’s how babies are made
Jack thinks 2nd episode is pointless and i understand why he thinks that cause there was srsly no point but when u actually start to think about it..Chris is somehow an important character in this game. They put a whole different storyline for him and Daniel and Chris needed to meet each other in the 2nd episode. Why? I mean, i don't know..We still have 2 more episodes going and maybe they make a sequel called.."After that" like with Before The Storm. In my opinion, i do think Chris still has some important figure here even tho we didn't see much of him now. Maybe their mother has some kind of connection with Chris's father or smth? I forgot but i know we saw that letter when we find out Chris's father has a relathionship with someone..Maybe that's their mom. Either way, the end of this game is probably gonna be very very tragic and idk if i'm mentally prepared for it. I just think something bad is gonna happened to Daniel or Chris. And i think we will see Chris again. Btw, who tf called the police at the end of the 2nd episode? Was it Chris's father? It was never mentioned tho
I have dog in my house if you want you can borrow it sean he is a pug
I feel like one of them is going to die in the finale episode, probably Daniel???
OKAY BUT JACK IF YOU CHOSE TO AGREE TO STEAL FROM MERRILL WHEN YOU WERE TALKING TO FINN YOU WOULD'VE KISSED HIM INSTEAD OF CASSIDY
Fun fact about legal American Drinking age Jack, each state has it's own law about it. Some don't allow it until 21, and some ,like my home state , allow under-aged drinking as long as it's under adult supervision and not in public. In public or attending a bar you have to be 21.
I like Sean, he is trying is best to live his life and take care of his little brother. Yet the corrupted kid just try to kill his girlfriend without showing any remorse after that.
I know he is a kid but that does not make this forgivable in any ways. 
I've know a lot of kids who got mental disorder because they had a lot of traumatism yet they were still nice.
I would not be surprised if Daniel becomes a supervilliain and Sean has to discover his own power (if he has one) to stop him.
How do you hold a flashlight like that 40:18
Don't read if u dont wanna be spoiled!








I feel like that Daniel and Sean will be separated somehow because at the ending the unknown police officer says "you're all alone now" and it's just a boy walkin alone by himself so I'm assuming that'll be Daniel.
It sucks so and we can't hear music
why do i feel daniel is the cause of the storm in the original life is strange, it wouldn't really make sense since it already happened .. i know.. but after seeing daniel do that at the end it really reminded me of the storm.
i hate Daniel
Your CRUSH will MAKE OUT with you very soon!

Like and sûBSCribe to my channel to make it come true
Every one: Oh no the walking dead is not going to be finished because telltale closed down, life is strange 2: you always hang out qith that guy what about me
Honestly I do see why Daniel reacted the way he did. Like he clearly needs parental guidance, which Sean is meant to do, but hasn't been doing. And he can't really get it from anyone else there, since they behave more like Daniel's friends than parental figures. Like throughout this episode, Daniel keeps trying to spend time with Sean, and I do feel like part of that is because he wants Sean's guidance, because Sean is the closest thing Daniel has to a parental figure/rode model. So of course when Daniel doesn't get that, he's going to act out. Because 1: he's upset that Sean hasn't been there for him when he needed it. And 2: he's probably frustrated that whatever he needs help with isn't working when he tries to do it his way. It also makes sense why Daniel stopped listening to Sean, and started listening to Finn. I mean, if someone wasn't there for me when I needed them, I probably wouldn't listen to them either, like what Daniel is most likely doing to Sean. Finn on the other hand, has shown that 1: he's there when Daniel needs help, like when Sean said he and Daniel would train, but Sean forgot, so he and Finn practiced with knifes. And 2: Finn is willing to spend time with Daniel, like a good percentage of this episode is Daniel and Finn spending time with each-other. I understand why Sean is mad with Daniel, but I do think he really needs to look at things from Daniel's perspective to actually fix what's happening between him and Daniel.
I have an Australian Shepherd you can borrow for a week. She's really sweet and would make you not want a dog anymore because she can be really annoying too lol.
sanja
Honestly kids actions are HEAVILY based off how they are treated,so yes, this was bassicaly Seans foult but then again Sean is also just a kid and doesent know that the best way to teach is by example and if rules are put they should be explained, and also-this is just a game,its not likeit let you do any of that
I like where this game went, where you take the back seat to see a super do things instead of being the super. It takes a new side of the superhero/supervillain story
People really like to sympathize with Daniel and be like "Oh he's gone through so much it's ok" but let's not forget that Sean's been going through the same and worse,having to figure out where to hide them,food,taking care of Daniel he was essentially forced to become an adult at like 16 years old and manage all these things and that's a thing that most teenagers can't do if Finn was his brother instead in the same situation they'd be either already dead/in jail or he would've abandoned Daniel
At the beginning where the guy was about to beat Daniel. Jack said something along the lines of him not being able to control himself. As a big brother I would of told him to kill joe and protect himself
Am I the only one who reads the older comments and then makes a comment based on an old comment so mine gets read?
i was hoping for Sean revealing his power man, i wish sean has powers...     >_<
I gotta say I’m not a fan of this season season 1 was perfect fairly lighthearted but slowly descending into more darker things like Nathan kidnapping Chloe then Kate trying to commit suicide then Chloe being shot and the dark room all of that crazy stuff but it this it just seems like the most generic teen shit ever.
Poor Daniel... I feel like people are just being too judgemental towards him. He was out of control yes and he barely listened to anything Sean said, but wouldn't you be that way too if you were in his situation? A 9 year old kid who causes his own dad's death, he suddenly finds himself handling a huge power he can barely control and understand, he becomes homeless, not getting enough food and living in the dirt for months, his older (yet still young) brother is the only adult figure he can look up to but he sees him getting distant from him because he hangs out with other people... and yes, Sean has all the right to make new friends and hang out with them, he's also young and he needs to make his own life experiences, but still try to be in Daniel's shoes. A 9 years old kis needs parents, needs adults, needs guidance, especially now that he has this power he barely comprehends. A 9 years old is not supposed to act and think like an adult (like most of us watching I assume).
"but if it was me at that age I wouldn't have acted so dumb and be a little shit like him" yeah you also didn't cause your own father's death, you didn't have a super power and you weren't homeless.
Gosh I yet have to find a person who at least tries to understand Daniel's feelings...


I like Daniel, he's a good kid who just got on a difficult path.
Also if Daniel becomes a villain it's going to become even more interesting.
all the dislikes are merrille and big joe
I can’t watch anymore today at 37:28 is were I couldn’t handle it. It’s too damn much I will finish it later
You should have went with Finn’s idea but fin would’ve died but you still would’ve not died
My bad but Daniel is now another reason why I hate disobedient kids. I don't like him..
But Sean should have brought up the "Do you want to hurt people?" card to at least warn the kid that he could possibly hurt or even kill if he doesn't control himself. At least giving a small talk about serious stuff without arguing EVEN ONCE.
If your responsibilities become liabilities, just abandon them. Take Daniel out the back door and pop him in the head and then yourself.
What should have happened is Daniel should have collapsed one of big Joe's lungs therefore letting him live but the boss would have to call an ambulance. During the call, Daniel would take the money from the safe and steal the truck parked out front. They use Daniels powers to remove the plates until they get out of the forest. They could use the money to buy a decent used car and ride down to Mexico and live a good life.
I have to say, I found Daniel very unlikable from the start. The fact that he was naïve and/or arrogant with his powers—while also completely disregarding his brother’s requests—did not help. Idk, he came off as a nuisance, then evolved into a complete, arrogant brat (Keep in mind, i’m only saying this towards the choices and paths shown in this play through; I have no clue if his personality varies?)
I have a quick theory, We all know Daniel is starting to look like a villain (like what jack said) so maybe this will cause Sean to unlock some hidden power. If he does awaken this hidden power, i don't think it will be like Daniel's powers, i think it will be a more observant based power. This isn't a really good theory, judging the whole thing revolves around Daniel becoming a villain. It's a half ass theory but it was on my mind when watching this episode, so i just wanted to share it.
They don’t go to the mom because the mom hates them
I just thought of something maybe the reason why we don't see Daniel in the end is because Big Joe came and took him to the hospital
jack they didn't think their mom was dead, they knew she just left them, and that is why sean hates her and doesn't want to know nothing about her.
i’m pretty sure this is the only possible ending where finn doesn’t get shot and killed?
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
i have a fat brown dog that barks alot when he hears someone from a mile away, but he is a cute dog 34:50
So is the game over
When will jack notice that Daniel sounds like Atreus from GoW? Maybe the voice actor for Daniel also did Atreus
HEY JACK DID YOU KNOW THATS THERS A ROUTE WERE SEAN USES THE GUN
You can borrow my Australian Shepard. He’s 12 but still acts like a puppy 🐶 😆
I cant wait for life is strange to just become a superhero story and the next game is about the origins of Captain Planet who has to put a stop to supervillan daniel
Jack. Failing to comprehend the plot is like. Really frustrating. He won't see this ever, but. The reason Saun wants to go to Puerto Lobos is so they don't have to live as fugitives anymore. The reason he doesnn't want to go to the mom. Is because, as has been built up all of the game, he fucking hates her. He hates her and doesn't trust her. Because she ran away from them. Daniel's okay with that  because he wasn't old enough to even remember her. But Saun remembers. And he hates her for it.
I really hope Cassidy and Sean is okay. Daniel is really annoying in this episode.
Is it possible to pick Finn instead of Cassidy? Just curious
Wait wait what happens if the mom is Max’s from life is strange and maybe that’s how he got his power 🧐🤯
i wanna beat finns ass so bad
Cmon Jack you like picked all the bad decision
After watching this again based on the choices that you already made, I would not be surprised if Daniel becomes too dangerous to be kept alive. Based off of the event back at the lake where he said " I am not a kid!" with bitter anger from his tonality and lifted a giant tree stump from the lake. Another event in this episode where Daniel is upset with Sean for spending time with Cassidey and tries to injure her with his gifted abilities. After that, he shouted, "I can do whatever I want!" and blasted the door wide open and blindly follows Finn because he gives Daniel the attention. If Daniel goes further down this path, he will most likely be going to get killed by the hands of someone who cares for him.


Other words, Daniel is most likely going to die if he continues this.
At a certain point I realized that I’m watching a grown man watch two teen kissing naked in a lake at night in a video game
The game isn't horrible or anything, but oof, these characters really make it hard to enjoy this. Finn started of very well, but he turns out to be an egoistical idiot. The other camp members beside him and Cassidy turned out to be filler, didn't really benefit the plot in any way. And Daniel reaaally lost some likeability-points - he's whiny, doesn't listen, abandons his family to hang with the cool new people, and while it makes sense for a little boy to behave like that, it baffles me that he didn't learn anything from the shit that's happened or at least his brother's shit-scared face - it's like they WANT to write him as a psychopath in the making. Recent games have shattered the stereotype of annoying child-/accompanying characters - TLOUs Ellie is a wonderfully interesting character, GOWs Atreus is (useful in combat and) a sweet boy who goes down a very dark path - but as he feels the consequences of his stupid choices, he goes through this great redemption-arc. In that finale Daniel had the potential to have been humbled by a bad consequence (Finn getting hurt) but then his brother, who's completely aware that Daniel's unpredictable and a ticking bomb, LETS HIM INTERFERE and makes everything worse.
At this point, if the repercussions of this final event don't give Daniel the humbling experience he desperately needs and fix their sibling-relationship (or he earns his redemption in the next episode), Daniel will go down as the most annoying kid in my experience with games. It's problematic writing when you actually want bad things to happen to your protagonists :/
You should hanging out with your brother because he are kid he can't be alone and he childish he can't think like adult
Also to be fair, although Daniel could have been fine with just hanging out with the group, I think it's the fact that no one is his age there and going from episode two, where they were together most of the time in a house while he had one friend, to living in a forest with a bunch of hippies that smoke and drink all the time that work at a weed farm. I would be angry too if I couldn't even do half the things the others were doing, let alone relate to them since he's the only kid that still likes cartoons and comics. Gotta remember he's a nine year old kid that thinks his mother is the answer.
You can borrow my dog Sean. XD
The kid is so dumb! ruined seans job, and getting him hurt! listen to your brother like omfg!
I think the conflict between Daniel and Sean is completely normal, I mean, Sean is a teenager and wants to have his life even if everything now is different, while Daniel wants his big brother to hang out with him and he also wants to be consedered an adult because of the new life style and his powers...but maybe as the player we should always remember that he's a kid. He can't take decisions of this kind by himself, because he will do stupid/dangerous things. I think that Sean should act differently towards him, the best thing maybe now is focusing only on Daniel. I know this sounds bad, he's still young, but he has to grow up and be the adult of the situation, I'm not saying he should act like a father but almost. It's for the safety of both, Daniel has to be more discipline and listen more to his brother, while Sean should keep between them a bond of trust and find a way to be listened by Daniel. I'm not saying that he's evil, but he could be very dangerous.
And I agree with Sean about the idea of showing more of the father, but maybe this sensation of not having a strong goal is almost intentional. I mean, when they were the fist time on the road just after the father's death, looking at them I felt lost. Even though they met people, they found a new job and they have an idea of what to do...they are still a bit lost. They don't know what will happen, they don't really know what they're doing and for me that's something a bit scary. At least that's what I think. 
And yes, they should definitely put something where they mute the music 😂
Okay, I'm done rambling everybody, if you read everything...wow, I admire you 😂
Look at this: They gonna make it to the Mexico, after so many „adventures” and „scars”, they make it, feel safe, but Sean know, Daniel become evil. They make it and now Police attack them, talking shit and at the end, Sean gonna need make decision, stop by police, or say Daniel to fight them, and if u choose something, Sean gonna find hi superpower and it doesnt matter what you pick before, Daniel gonna fight and destroy anyone and anything and at the same end you need to choose, fight Daniel for the city, for the world, or obey and atleast die in center of hell.
Sorry for medium english, its not my daily language. Of course its only my honest opinion about ending, and i really feel this game is targeting for this...
FUUUCCKKKK JACK DIDN'T MAKE THE SEANXFINN KISS HAPPEN
I think Daniel died because in the first look at episode 4 its only Sean walking maybe big Joe came and killed Daniel or he died from the gunshot
My gaydar is so strong that i can tell when game characters like the same sex, even if it is just a little bit.
Daniel is so annoying!  He’s a little brat who whines about everything!!
I hate the no music..
I hate daniel. He’s the problem.. acting all like an adult just because he got super powers
Is sean like 17? She look 20 something... I’m creeped out
Jack did you know they are making a Attack on titan 2
Wait the song titles are in the end credits? That means you can play the game with no copyright restrictions?
Is it just me or does Cassidy look older than Sean?
How many kids watched this with the sex scene and everything?
daniel is so annoying God
Sjjd if you would agree to steal the money then finn and Sean would have kissed
Finn... No. Shut up.
You can borrow my dog!
I’m serious, if there is a life or death option between Daniel and Cassidy, I would choose Cassidy, in an instant, hands down. I’m done with Daniel at this point. No normal kid acts like him. At least none that I know of.
I feel like Sean died and Daniel will be the main character but I’m praying that won’t happen
Help me........
I feel like Daniel and A.J. are similar, Sean tries his best not to make Daniel into a bad person when Daniel uses his power, and Clementine tries to make sure A.J. doesn't turn into a terrible killer when A.J. starts acting violent and starts hurting people.
Daniel bugs Sean to come hang out with him but when Sean tries to be with him and be a good big brother Daniel freaks out and goes on about not being a kid anymore I’m so confusssedeeeeeeeedddddddddddddddddd
Man, Daniel like a dysfunctional spoiled brat. Any tips from parents out there how to avoid making your kids gone like this?
Can we just kill Daniel? He shouldn’t even be allowed to exist at this point...useless and annoying character.
Wat
JACK THERE ARE 9 YEAR OLDS HERE
AM I THE ONLY THE ONE THE NOTICED THAT JACK POSTED EPISODE 3 PART 2 AND 3 BUT NO EPISODE 3 PART 1!
What am I watching... this is awkward...
I have 8 dogs so why not
I am starting to really dislike Daniel and his hot headedness....
DANIEL YOU FUCKHEAD
Ah
Sex is Strange 2
Jack: happily watching cassie and sean make out
Me: ok jack im in..
FBI: FBI OPEN UP
I hate Daniel
I'm 50/50 on Finn, but how do you get him to kiss you? It's probably something super obvious like be his friend, but I'd still like to know
I feel like there aren't many choices with Daniel. Like I wish there were options to talk him out of it or they use the power of brotherhood to take over the weed place and give everyone money or something...
How come you dont block out the nude scenes
Yeah you can  Borrow my dog
I don't think they just "add the power in to fufill the fanbase", I think they want to go on a different perspective with the power problem. In LIT 1 you have the power, you can control it and how are you gonna use it, but in LIT 2 you, the adult, still "kinda" have the power but you don't control it, it belongs to a 9 YEARS OLD kid, which is your little brother, which you, a TEEN BOY has to try and fill in the 'blank paper' in the little boy's mind, what he will do and how he will be in the future is entirely all your responsibility/faults.
In short, the only 'adult' who raise the 9 years old is the 17 years old teenager. Try to think in their shoes a little bit more. We are adult, we grow up with no power as the normal thing, but not the little one. He's only 9, his mind is still deciding "what's normal and what's not" in this world, that's why it's probably really hard for him to understand why he had to hide "a part of himself" to every other human being that he always thought as the same as him, and also he lost his parents, both of them are, at these age so it's kinda normal for the little one to be more impulsive than because his only family, the one taking care of him and show him the world is a confused teenager who had just got a better glimpse of the world but now can't even have time to live the life.

Sorry for the rambling above to whoever read this, I hope you can still get what I meant to convey, but I'm not actually confident in my English haha. Have a great day!
This is what happened when a spoiled little brat has superpowers
I know she is dead..




But I think Rachel is the mom 




I might do a theory video on my channel to explain it so yea
You know its not like Daniel and Sean are fugitives and Mexico is a different country where you can't be arrested by American police
Daniel gets cancelled
So looking back at the end choices (spoilers), either Finn died and Daniel would be upset and lash out with his powers, or Daniel would hate sean and use his powers regardless. Keeping that in mind, as bad as this played out, it looks like Jack picked the best ending by supporting his brother and his powers, all while saving both Finn (Daniels friend) and Cassidy (Sean's friend) and keeping everyone alive. I honestly believe this was the best ending we could have gotten (yes, I know how you feel about Finn but Daniel likes him so imagine how messed up or hurt Daniel would be if he died, he might have never forgiven Sean for letting him die).
I’m pissed because I feel like Danial is being a little bitchy brat that gets off easy
Cass is so annoying ffs
Wtffff that’s the end??!!!!!
Why is there less views?
I just realized that im so awkward  in front of girls that i get nervous when im watching a video game
Things I wish they did differently with Daniel:
- Apologize to Sean at least once, saying he understands he’s doing his best
- Have more conflicting morals on doing things that are violent
- Less anger, more fear. The way he acts is way too brave for a child, even with his powers
- Have Daniel promise sincerely to Sean that he won’t use his powers to hurt people, so that the ending of this episode is more impactful
Jack: “does anybody have a dog that i could borrow ? For like a week.”
😒jack just ask Felix if you could babysit maya and edgar lol
The dad never told Sean and Daniel that there mom was dead, she just left them out of nowhere and cut contact
Man... Daniel sucks.
you can borrow my dog jack
I think Daniel ran off to find the mum, he seemed pretty insistent on going before. Idk what Sean's going to do now :/
32:15                Awkward   100
jacob sucks
I don’t know if it’s true, but if you break a law in America, and go to Mexico, I’m pretty sure they can’t do anything, right? That might be why they’re going to Puerto Lobos, besides family.
sean you kept mentioning them just going to the mom but it’s not that easy. when a parent decides to abandon you when you need them, you don’t make yourself vulnerable again by running to them when you’re in trouble. you strengthen yourself by proving to them that you don’t need their help, you can figure it out yourself. the mom is basically a stranger to them, she may be blood but she isn’t family.
first life is strange: 1 kiss
second life is strange: full on sex lol
I would smack the living daylight out of Daniel! He has been so whiny I can't stand him. Not only that, he thinks he can do anything he wants since he has superpower. He even sent Sean flying a good few meters away for touching him when he's angry. Can't even count how many times he got Sean into trouble with his antics for defying Sean. At this point, I just sympathize with Sean that he needs to put up with this kind of a whiny ass of a little brother >____>  I understand his needs for attention but he's not doing his big brother any favor by going against him. Sean's been trying hard to protect him as a brother and dad at the same time. Daniel just won't listen to him at all. He's a spoiled brat. Period.
I get it that it's normal for kids to whine at times.
But constantly not listening to your brother & even to the point of hurting Cassidy proved so much that his age is not the issue.
A 9 year can already think,listen & learn to behave.
Daniel is just a SPOILED SELF CENTERED BRAT.
Dan is just a character that you can’t stop hating unless you kill them and since it’s this game they won’t kill him cause he’s a kid and therefore he is the  crappyest character ever
31:35 " You want me to come inside? " If this isn't a sexual innuendo i dunno what is hahahaha
Just wanted to say if you think Daniel is becoming an unrealistic depiction of a child or your starting to dislike him because he is becoming annoying. You havnt been around kids enough, all kids are annoying and bratty.
Hey I know it's not related to this game but what was that one game Jack played where there was some girl who had a really creepy teacher who was a photographer and he was famous? There was also that one girl who was sad and she jumped off the building for some reason. I swear it feels like that was life is strange but I can't remember
Jack, they’re Hispanic, and in this game puerto lobos is most likely a city or town in Mexico and the police can’t get them in Mexico cause it’s not they’re job anymore. Plus they have family on they’re dads side in puerto lobos. They’re just running until they don’t have to anymore
personally, i would’ve loved a similar romance path to sean and cass’s romance but with finn. i know we can kiss him and choose to like boys, but that doesn’t do a whole lot compared to the straight option. again, it’s still amazing to have choices and options about sexuality in games-even asexuality-but you can clearly see that the way you’re supposed to play is by having a heterosexual relationship with cass. they make the only male option kinda shitty so that no one would really choose finn over cass, which sucks. again, love the representation, hate the way they decided to show it.
I can't be the only one whp really hates Daniel. I get that he's a kid but he's just way too cocky and stupid and always thinks he's right. Age doesn't matter because any character like that pisses me off.
Daniel sorta looks like Ben from Ben and ed but anywhooo😭💗
30:20 WTF ? XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD how much more sjw can this get ? XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD consent ??? really ????
Yeah Daniel seems bratty but he’s 9 and also Sean is all he has. No more dad, Sean doesn’t wanna go to their mother so he kinda needs that attention. Esp since soon he was gonna be pulled from people again.
I kinda hate Daniel. I know he is a kid but he just doesn't seem to understand the danger they are in and keeps causing them to get into trouble. Even kids can understand these things (they shouldn't need to but they can) and he is just acting like a spoiled brat. I feel so bad for Sean, he is trying so hard to take care of them and Daniel refuses to think of anyone but himself.
My God LOL I love your vid’s and they’re really cool and I just want to be like you I always hoped that I will meet you but I can’t I hope that one day we will finally see each other actually that I will finally see you because I don’t even know if you care about it so I’m 11-year-old that just text you through YouTube for no reason just telling you that he likes you
*You are a Jedi,  Daniel."
Why is it that I find Daniel completely despicable? Perhaps I'm biased because I don't like little kids, but he's so obnoxious and selfish, and he doesn't listen or learn at all. He feels entitled to do whatever he wants because he's "not a kid anymore" and he so badly wants to be treated like an adult. And if I were Sean I would have given Daniel an earful, even before he went with Finn to steal the safe. Sean as a character is very meek and indecisive (ironic given this is a choice-based game) and he's just far too awkward - I feel like this game is filled to the brim with cliches as it is, but Sean is the person who utters the majority of them.
I am genuinely upset that there was nudity in this game, and left in this video... I love Life is Strange, and this completely ruined it for me... I don't care what other people will say about my comment. There was and is no need for the nudity.. it has nothing to with the story. And yes, I am an adult, not some 12 year old who is offended by this. I am a 24 year old woman who is offended by this. Jack, you could have at least done your part and censored it.. and Square Enix.. you should be ashamed of yourself... So much disappointment... 😭😭 💔
Kinda wish Sean went with the plan, a game’s for having fun😎
No one :
No one on this single earth:






Game: ENDS TO WERE WE HAVE TO WAIT 3 MONTHS TO SEE WHAT HAPPENED TO CASSIDY AND SEAN
Hhhhhh the hate Daniel gets makes me so sad... Yeah he's an annoying kid but... he's 9 lmao a 9 year old isn't gonna be able to have the emotional maturity to handle these situations with ease so of course he's gonna lash out etc but that's the point - that's why Sean is there, to help guide him
I don't agree with your choices but ok
Sean and Cassidy make out


Jack, that’s so sweet!
I asked this like a million times and I'll ask it again Sean. Why don't YOU put a royalty free music on the muted scenes? It's really not that hard.
Jack you deserve a Grammy 😄🤙
Jack,you NEED to say "DAMN DANIEL" every time he does something big XD
YOU COULD'VE KISSED FINN! DAMMIT SEAN!! >:(
I love how one of the characters in the game named Sean, and the one who plays the game was named Sean as well. Lucky Lucky
I ship cassady and sean
The lake scene reminds of the pool scene from the 1st life of strange
get one from a shelter
I have 4 tabs open for my computer and they all have jacksepticeye in the title WTF
They creators made Daniel a shit show in this episode. Honestly Daniel has only done bad the whole series and he's just SOOOO whiny! His character had so much potential and they killed it. Great job developers
While I agree with Jack on his gripes about the story and powers etc., I believe that's kinda the point. This game is kinda more of a truer conflict. Daniel's power can do more, a ton more but telekinesis will never have as big of an impact as time travel ya know? And with them not giving you control over the power it kinda puts you in a desperate/dire need to lead daniel and protect him. It all falls together, just not in the happiest way. In my opinion alot of the gripes I have with this game still feel more realistic than the original Life Is Strange where nothing ends up mattering much because of the overpowered time mechanic. Still love both these games though, and R.I.P to the best Dad, Senõr Diaz! Since this is my first time mentioning it do to feels 😂
I hate how Daniel has become so bratty and tantrums when he doesn't get his way! He uses his powers to threaten and manipulate others bc he doesn't get what he wants or just doesn't like someone, and like Sean's trying to have his own life while also try and be there for Daniel but Daniel only thinks of himself! SPOILERS He even hurts everyone in the process by impulsively acting on stealing and was willingly going to kill Cassidy bc he was jealous Sean actually had a relationship! End of Spoilers Sean's only a kid as well so of course he's not going to know how to teach and parent a 9 year old boy and also try and have his own life and be his teenage self. I hope Daniel gets better and learns from his mistakes bc he's definitely become the most annoying and disliked character.
Sean “you want me to come inside”



Me and everyone else:  You
It's a little fuestrating when Daniel says "I'm not a kid anymore!" while he is ignoring the warnings of being fired. Daniel is correct in that he is learning many harsh lessons early on, but he expects great rewards for going through what he has and doesn't think about the consequinces. Hate to break it to ya Daniel, but my dad also died when I was a small human and he died protecting me, just like your's. No one gives a single thought to your situation and then thinks "Daniel deserves alot of chocolate, a pizza, some respect, etc.", the best Daniel is getting is a hug. Harsh lessons early on are tough, but when I was going through that, I still maneged to be nice to my older brother and I was on the road too, just in a car. I do not except this young age and hard problems stuff, people have delt with worse and were better about the situation.
I just realized, this is either child porn or a minor being ducked by an adult. No material how you look at it, it’s illegal especially if your an adult watch it.
Okay I think people really don't understand Daniels character. The dude is 9, lost his dad, has powers and is homeless and a fugitive. Yeah he's annoying and a brat. Like a lil brother SHOULD be. And no Sean doesn't hang out with Daniel all the time that's apparent through this entire episode. Daniels there but Sean never truly pays him any mind or interacts with him only scolding him or advising him yeah he's being a good brother but he's not hanging out with him, and no they don't train everyday Daniel has had to train himself and Finn is the only one that interacts with Daniel and genuinely enjoys his company which is WHY DANIEL IS SO ATTATCHED TO HIM ITS WHY HE CLINGS TO HIM AND NOT SEAN. Daniels actions can't be excused but every lil kid is selfish and has a I can do what I want attitude to some extent without any discipline. Add that to the fact he doesn't have a father and Sean not being a good role model boom you got bratty Daniel. Especially the choices Jack made makes it even worse, Sean isn't just a teenager anymore he's a caretaker as much as it sucks and the one decision that you are supposed to do the risky option to get the best ending. He doesn't do. Because Finns mentality was right which is what the developers wanted you to see that yeah your gonna need to take some risks and that Daniel is someone to be feared that's this whole episodes narrative. Daniel is going from a sweet kid to a cynical brat and that's not his fault. Also I'm talking about Jacks dialogue choices as well not just major choices.
Theory: Daniel and Sean’s mother is actually Max or maybe the other girl who’s name I can’t remember from the life is strange and she had to leave her kid in fear that her power was too dangerous for her children. So maybe we will see Max or the other girl who’s name I can’t remember again. Although for story purposes it makes more sense for it to be Max, the reason being  that the other girl would’ve died because of the whole “shot in bathroom” incident if you saved the town instead of her. So theory is that Max is their mother, “but her name is Karen!” BUT maybe she went through a similar incident and had to change her identity, another reason to have to leave her kids. It also would make sense seeing that She left AFTER Daniel was born. She saw it coming so she left them before anything could happen. It’s gotta be Max. Maybe I’m making this shit up but it all kinda connects. ESPECIALLY if you consider that Max could’ve don’t in the future and seen this happen, so she left her kids to stay out of danger. Idk, guess we’ll see 🤷🏻‍♂️
Daniel I feel was very annoying to me in this episode! I know the whole point is for him not to listen but I swear.😂🤦🏻‍♀️
If Sean doesn't have powers I would be really disappointed
I love that country voice jack does, it always makes me LAUGH!
With everything that happens in this game... I can’t help but cringe or feel extremely awkward when I remember his age
Every time it gets tense I always wait for Sean to randomly whip out his hidden powers he doesn’t know about and I always get disappointed 🤥
51:50 just be John wick
Though it most likely wouldn’t change the ending, I would of spent more time with Daniel or at least balance out with hanging out with him or Cassidy (that’s her name right ?) but to be fair the choices you made did make the story interesting and a different view of what could happen. 👍🏼
31:31 what kind of category would you put that music with?
HANG OUT WITH DANIELL THAN HAIRCUTTTTT
I wish he got with Finn tbh.

Plus, I think it would have been cool to do the hiest. All it'd be is extra content
Game: (selling illegal marijuana) Jack: DONT LITTER!!!
lol my mom was in the room with me
ok but i feel like the voice acting is a little off? like some scenes feel so awkward idk
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED GIRL HOCK LINE AND SINKER
51:09 thanks for the brightburn spoilers
I like how Life is strange 1 & 2 have the like gay or straight choose like The walking dead season 4 and apex legends how glabiter is gay
Jacks face at 31:40 lol
Hey jack you can have one on my 4 dogs or 9 cats
F in the chat for Sean’s eye
41:59
I think Daniel just became the most unlikable character in the LiS universe for me.
As soon I saw the wolf tattoo I died out laughing
Game: Sex Scene without music
Jack: screams 






Edit: Oh my gosh, thanks for all the likes!!!
Ye really focked up now Sean! /s
Also, I agree, I feel like you made the decisions other Sean would have made.  You definitely pushed it toward a more interesting narrative.  Great content!
Daniel needs a little spanking 😠 kid isn’t even of 2 digits and he thinks he’s an adult smh 🤦‍♀️ hated Daniel in this episode. 

I agree with what Jack mentioned at the end of the video about the game. They should’ve included the dad more; episode 1 was too rushed.
R.I.P SEAN this new episode for daniel alone 😔😔😔😔
Ummmm @jacksepticeye when stealing Big Joe's truck you could've tried the key to the yellow locker on the ground behind his car...
okay so.. we're just not gonna talk about the whole underarm situation? i mean razors are expensive i get it. just.. didn't expect that.
So my theory is that it’s the mother’s bloodline that holds the powers, and that Daniel is from a different mother than Sean, hence why Sean doesn’t have powers.
Thus explaining why Karen is so distant, and why Sean doesn’t want anything to do with her because his father warned him before to stay away from her (or something like that).
Damn these Clif hangers
Everyone: I hate Daniel he's so whiny >:((
Me: he's,, a confused 9 year old who lost his father, lost his friends, has powers, lost one of his friends BECAUSE of his powers, was being ignored by his older brother, and doesn't understand why they can't just find their mom and live with her, of fucking course he's whiny, the kid's been through hell and he's barely NINE
Edit: let's not forget it's KINDA his and his power's fault his dad died so :D
I got an ad right at 51:39
My sister walks in the room while im watching this and says my parents are fighting
I remember when I had sex it was the best time in my life
Betcha that person walking on the road for the teaser is Daniel just grown up.
damn
LiS2 without Music is terrible, i get you want to avoid Copyright issues but the game has great Songs in it, ESPECIALLY this Episode :(
Honestly, I'm going to be rubbing my eye all night after this episode. It's like watching someone on TV break a bone, and almost feeling their pain.  :P
“Looks like we’re here to do some weeding, I’m so good at weed. Give me something to do” -GreenPewdiepie420 2019
jack plssssssssssssssssssss play mk11
YES THEY SHIPPED SEAN AND CASSADY (ngl tho that was super satisfying, loved it!)
A little wa poosh *sean trying not to say : TOP OF DEH MORNIN TO YEH!!
Most YouTubers: says the "f" word

YouTube: Demonized

Jack: shows Shows Cassidys cheeks and melons.

YouTube: oh thats fine
Jack: I feel like the power has a lot more it can do and it’s not coming into play
10 minuets ago: Blows up a house by using said power
You already MADE A PART ONE!?!?
Episode 3: We Were Allowed To Use Topless Models And We Had To Use Them As Much As Possible
wait kissing finn was an option, what a plot twist, can't see how that would've fitted into the game but ok
Aww you miss the kissing part for finn.
When you realized that the the bear was Pepsi fuuuuuuck it soooooo much
Sean is so Fit (Both or Sean's Daniels brother?)
"yeah, yeah it was cold.. but, i would be kinda careful myself if i were you, your nipples may end up cutting someone .. just saying.."
shouldve saved the game
30:37 So no head?
Ohhhhhhh my GODDDDDD DANIEL,,,,,
Damn jack needs to make a game like this! It seems like he’d better at making a game like this then the actual creators! He definitely thinks about it a lot more and would include much more stuff I reckon!
hey Nought/fred in the cut scene of prologue when they shows brads grave there was a women with black clothes and black hats was she Amanda
25:53  Ingrid can teleport now. She has her own powers.
Wow fire breaks out in a weed Factory and you call 911. That is the most bad idea ever. I'm sorry I didn't watch the entire way through I barely can watch five minutes of this cuz I have a whole lot of videos right now on my plate but still great video Sean.
Does anyone ever think that in the first game he is the reason the strom was there? (Or am i just like a flat earther?)
Jack's better at writing than professionals... hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm :/
I didn’t know Daniel actually tried to hurt Cass. 
What a brat. Talking about “For weeks you just hang out with her!”
Sucka like you haven’t been hanging with Finn for weeks on end??
Impossible 🙄
It felt like everything was over dramatised just for dramas sake
This episode is full of drama like my gosh can't we have a happy scene?
....man I'm glad I stuck with this...this episode was fantastic!
jack finn has the same earringd
This cliffhanger will keep me tense for a while
My thoughts, in a super long post:
I don't like how everyone hates Daniel this episode. He's being the 9 year old that's out on the road/on the run with his big brother, the only constant in his life. Daniel misses everything from his old life, and he's angry. And him and Sean don't talk about emotional control of Daniel's powers, at least not naturally. You have to go to bed with Daniel and be like "why are you so mad?" instead of, for example, going up to Daniel while he's practicing on the lake and have the conversation, or even when Sean and Daniel are training together there was nothing for emotional control. He has complete control of his power when he is not in an emotional state, but as soon as something big happens, Daniel looses it. 

And yes, Sean and Daniel had the same group of people around them, but it looked like Finn was the only one that treated him the same way when it's just them and when they're around the others. Everyone else probably treated him like a kid or something. And yes, my point is that he's a kid, but he has a lot of responsibility now and they have to be on the down-low. I have an older brother too and wanted to hang out with him and his friends when we were little, but it's never the same.They would always act differently when I was around vs. when they were alone, and that's probably how it was with Sean and Daniel. There are no kids Daniel's age with this new group of people and Daniel just wanted to hang out with Sean, his constant.
Or, Daniel's probably just starting puberty, and has a lot of hormones going on.

I also don't like how you choose your romance options? Like, if you want to romance Finn you have stay and get a haircut and then say yes to the heist, and even then, it's not as much as you get with Cass. I just wish the romance options would be more natural.
I also have mixed feelings about Sean's haircut, but it's just hair.
I do like though, that depending on your different choices, the dialog changes slightly. That was a nice surprise.
I appreciate that the brothers are butting heads more. They've stuck at the hip, out on the road for how long now? If my brother and I hung out all day for a day, or a whole weekend, I get sick of him by the end of day one xD
Why does Daniel give off a BrightBurn vibe
17:05
OOF
31:34 Oh God why
You either die a hero, or live long enough to become a villain. At this point, which way is Daniel going?
well time to go back into hibernation while waiting for episode 4 till August
No jack you will not take ma doge hides in corner with dog and a knife
Sean is literally the best brother out there. He left everything behind and does whatever it takes to be the best role model and morally correct character for Daniel to take influence from. Man, Daniel sucks
4 NOW
I love how there is actual consequences in this episode , other than the first episode, when they ran away from home, they were just walking around.
Here you go jack here's cookie you can borrow him for a we-- never mind
Its 9 Pm and I have to wake up at 5:30 thank you so much for this episode Jack and my crippling sleep deprivation.
Jack what’s with the new look
Jack, don’t mention borrowing dogs! You don’t want another incident like the graphite!
30:04 Papa Sean to little Sean: 'Smooth~' 
33:22 Also Papa Sean: 'This is even more awkward without music...' (sings) 'Lets get it ooooooooon~ Aaaaaaaaaw YEAH!'
Glorious moments.
Jack, you had the option to FORCE THE TRUCK DOOR OPEN !!!!!!
swimming in both life is strange games 😎😎
Some of these conflicts seem very manufactured. I expected almost everything to happen the way it did, but I wouldn't know about making a story so
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Jack could direct a game. Seriously, he would do a great job.
0:05 I thought your cup said c*nt
theres some nudity in this episode ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I am mad now what were they have to do that to Shawn Charlene you're not mad that happened to you Sean Sean come on I know you mad come on JK
The beat part about this is now I know what NOT to choose when I play hahaha.
Man Daniel gets on my nerves
The mother never died. She left them
Ooooof
Ummmmmmm Square Enix did you just copy jacksepticeye? Same name, similar hair , a single tattoo, Septic eye??!!!!! Is this the orgins of Jacky boy? Sean what aren't you telling us?
Hes 18 or did he just have sex under age
They don't know where there mother lives (it was a PO box address) and Sean hates her because she ran out on them when they were younger, they didn't think she was dead, the game never said she was dead. The very beginning Sean even makes comments about how his Dad should get rid of her bike etc. He hates her for bailing on them and the game reminds you every episode so I don't get why you think Sean should just go to her and would be happy to know she "exists". The whole second episode he didn't want Daniel going in her room because she bailed on them.
When is the complete Game of Life Is Strange 2 is coming out for PS4 ? I don't like to download video games 😒
Jack, I think that the episode was decent. Maybe it is a good thing that you can't read where they are going with the episode. That way they could surprise you with something interesting on the story that you do not expect. In that sense, it is better than something good that you can know what happens ahead of time.
Finn stop talking!!!!! Technically they never committed a crime in the first place, they just want to know what happened, stealing money from someone, now that’s a crime and they could do worse if they got caught, Merrill and big joe are armed and they can kill anyone they are off the grid
0:06- "...I got my coffee." Not a bad idea. I might need some tonight. Making up for lost time, and this is 1/3 videos tonight and a long on.
0:48- "Seems kind of silly that no one would wake me up." Maybe you couldn't be woken. Some people are deep sleepers. Me on the other hand is a light sleeper. (groans)
- This is not going to end well. Daniel is a loaded gun, and no one except Sean knows it.
- "He seems like he just gets in trouble anyway." Maybe, but in a different way? This is not a true branching story-line. It only branches a little.
- "Tattoos are not that bad." Well, you would know. That is one thing that I won't ever do. Thought about it, but decided instead on matching anklets instead of ink.
- "That would be freezing!" Yeah, it can be. I remember swimming at Swallow Falls State Park in MD once in May with my college friends before going home for the summer. The falls still had a bit of ice around the rocks in places. It felt like wading into pain. Still did it, because I'm nuts like that. 19 years later, I can still remember. :D
- "Other people's dreams are not your responsibility." True. That is up to them. But if I can help, I will. Just who I learned to be after being angry for so long. The first quote in my collection is, 'Be the angel you hope to meet.' The quotes help, so does the journaling and art. And I guess stuff like this. I get to write to my pen pal, and you get something (hopefully) interesting to read.
- "Do we have to sit here and watch this whole thing play out?" You do, I have a way of skipping. This is private... X(
- "Does anyone have a dog that I could borrow?" There is Millie, aka 'work dog' who keeps me company while I work with data and make maps. She is a little shy, but I bet would like you fine. Millie is a Rhodesian Ridgeback.
- "I think I made a supervillian." :O Looks like a tornado. A psychic storm fueled by emotions.
- "Aww man!" I agree. We don't know who is dead, and who is just unconscious. Nasty ending. Now we have to wait 3ish months to find out what happens. :(
- "I am very curious to see what you guys think." Well, there it all is. (points at 'long comment') :)
You know, it might be there is a lack of atmosphere due to the music issues, but I don't really like this nearly as much as the other Life is Strange Games. I'll probably go back and play it on my own at some point to reevaluate, but right now, I either hope that the ending is Daniel going full Supervillain and killing Sean(assuming he only lost the eye and didn't completely die) or Max showing up and time reversing back to the first episode, stopping Daniel from ever learning he has powers.
I thought that Daniel would deflect the bullet into Merril.
Please update your House Flipper series with the new Garden Flipper DLC! <3
Discuss is on the shotgun if you didn't notice.

48:52
Pls do antisepticeye again
48:39 
Sean peed himself lol
I think Daniel only does that to Cassidy if you let him kill the mountain lion that was wild!
Skinny dipping scene... Cool.
29:29 Jack got priority and that facial expression is the best. Plus no music sex is the best to see his reaction.
mom im scared
I wonder if this game will turn into Chronicle
Does he not realize that they never thought the mom was dead?
I hope Sean have Force too.
I'm starting to think that white guy with the beard was working for the police. Maybe he'll save Daniel and or Sean.
There are many awkwards
12 year olds that watch were probably telling their parents said it was just a video game no need to worry
Why don’t you blur for the kids
Baby baby baby BOOOOOY
does anybody not actually like Daniel or am i the only one?? Right from the start he's been a pain in the backside and he seems to only be getting worse and more cocky and annoying as his powers grow
Honestly, I’m not a big fan of Daniel right now. And it’s not because I don’t like kids (cuz I don’t) but Daniel is smarter than he lets on and he understands what’s right from wrong. He’s becoming such a brat and he’s on some stupid power trip like how Atreus was after he found out he was a God. He’s become more of a threat than anything and I’m seriously worried for everyone’s (especially Sean’s) safety. :(
Daniel is deadass annoying, as a younger sibling myself, i hardly see my sister cause she's always at work or when she did have a boyfriend she wasn't home, did i whine and complain??? no, like sure it sucks that ur sibling isn't there for you but Daniel really felt like the shit just cause he had powers, if he didn't have powers, he wouldn't have acted the way he did throughout this entire episode, i swear this series better get a good ending like the first life is strange
Okay, it can't just be me that is slowly hating Daniel's character development. The episode just made him seem more whiny and he complained a lot more about the way he's treated that it's sort of becoming unrealistic and irritating. Ngl, if I was Sean, I would've left Daniel at this point if there was an option, even if it isn't the most ideal situation. The stuff that's happening in the episodes is also kind of getting repetitive and it could've all played out a little better than it did. No hate tho, the game is still really good so yeah.

Edit: yeah sry I understand the point that he is just a kid and leaving him may not be the best option. I guess my thought process was leave him for a bit in the sense that he wants to be an adult. The way they portray him in the game is slowly making him that way. It's giving a reason to either give him attention or give him space. I was aiming more for giving him space.
jack yeh but i do ask do i have your word you will feed her even him i have 2 you can choose the male is the cutest ok
part 1 boring

part 2 holy SH
15:30 THAT HAS TO BE N-E-U-R-O-F-U-N-K!
Sean's superpower is surviving Daniel's explosions
42:14 why would u choose "break window" instead "force open"
I have a dog you can still I named him Ben Shapiro
Well that was a ending
I'm watching this in the middle of the series
I like the vid, love the game but honestly Jack you should’ve gone the Finn route instead of the Cassidy route... I’m just saying.
It's not the same without the music
I wonder why Daniel didn't just like snap Merrill's neck or something instead of just lobbing his shotgun
Sean and Daniel knew that their mom was alive. The whole reason why they aren’t going to Arizona to see her is because Sean is angry at her for leaving.
Do u like pugs
When your parents are so strict and you say frick

EYES GLOW RED BOI!
Honestly the people who dislike can just go drink Pepsi😂
bRusSels SpRoUts
Theory |
Sean goes off alone leaving his friends behind looking for Daniel, Big Joe might’ve called the cops because he had another car, or maybe he walked it and saw the whole thing going on. While Sean was knocked out a tracker might’ve been placed on him to follow and listen. Officers soon place cameras in every direction, including snipers. 
They capture him and throw him into jail, calling his mom/mum. Sean finally meets his mother and she explains Daniels power (She surely has something to do with it.) making a new and exciting adventure.

But that’s just a theory, a ‘Life Is Strange 2’ theory.
Does anyone else think finn looks like lil pump? Lol
Hey, jack I wanted to know what your opinion would be on a good gaming chair for me, I believe I am about the same height, weight, and size as you and just wanted to know because I haven’t been able to decide.
I unsubscribed just because you put the Lords name in a cursed word sorry
This whole series should be called “Jack makes bad decisions”
Ugh I can't wait until August 😖😭
i  had minecraft in the background while watching this video so that whenever the music cut out in the game, i had minecraft music to accompany me. happy 10 years:)
August 22nd...I CANT WAIT THAT LONG
Jack the skull that’s you see in big joes place is an Easter egg to the skulls from walking dead the final season
its cute how at the beginning where everyone is chanting sean it shows cassidy as the one saying it
Cassidy & Sean have the same face as I notice now @-@ lmao I couldn't stop thinking bout it
Finally jack!I have been waiting for months for this
Now does he got a power like Cyclops from X-man
He's 16
stranger things all over again
Anyone else cringe at the arm joke
1:09:52 Steve Hoe's
Daniel is the kid from Brightburn.
Come on Daniel.
One of the things I am noticing for sure is that Daniel is letting the powers go to his head. Making him think he is above everything and everyone. Person he doesn't like, hurt em. Something he wants, take it. Need to defend himself, do it. And the worst part is that because of the powers, he thinks he's above the adults, above the cops and worst off, above his brother. Even to the point that in one of the endings, not only does he disobey Sean, but he even willingly hurts him.

Daniel is being forced to grow up fast and cope with the situation he's in. But the way he is doing so and how he is treating others is exactly what a kid would do. Except as I said before, this kid has the power to change things. That in and of itself is the scariest thing to think about.
I have a Puggle named Bentley. He’s a lazy boy and loves to cuddle.
I think Sean is dead, just saying, he did get glass in his eye.
No they are not brother or sister on 13:28
I wanted jack to steal from Merrill.who else
33:50 I was literally thinking the same thing and then you said it LMAO
Jacob is literally me.
Wait is Sean gonna become Deathstroke or something?
plz turn on the music Jack,its so awkward
Jack u legit need to shave
Don't worry Jack, I was thinking a lot of sex jokes too after the tent scene.
Finn is giving me bad vibes
daniel took the money and left.
Do more right when episode 4 comes out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
see y’all in 6 months
I wanna sympathize with Daniel, but his constant and unnecessary whining attitude is making it very hard. He's a little too clingy. And he should know to only ever listen to what his brother says and not some pothead. I know they lost their dad and old lives, but Sean is still technically a kid too. He can't and doesn't want to be 100% around Daniel all the time. I would know, I have a little brother.
Wouldn’t the dog get really frickin high in the farm
Can’t wait for episode 4 when Jack continues to believe that the mom was dead and the letter revealed her to be alive.
i hate that there’s no music bc it makes everything so much better
So awkward without music
So Daniel couldn't have just paralyzed Merrill like he did Cassidy, to avoid both Finn dying and prevent all the other people from getting injured? When has a simple guy with a gun ever been a threat to someone with telekinetic powers?

Honestly, the writers for these games deliberately always go for the least possible scenario just for the sake of creating the feeling of a cringy drama series, and completely avoiding the superpower aspect, which they obviously only put inside the game because they felt obliged to. They should honestly do a little less "Life" and a little more "Strange".
ITS. SO. QUIET. I. AM. UNCOMFORTABLE. 

😂
Wait so how old is Cassidy? I assumed she was in her early-mid twenties while sean is 16
What if the mom is max from the first game and that’s why Daniel has powers
Jack: "I've done that outro so many times there is no way I could mess it up."
Also Jack: 1:11:24
Thanks for coming 
But we didn’t come together
love how Jack is questioning why he's going to Puerto Lobos even though he's the one that literally picked the option to go there
No ads? THATS CRAZY!!
The next one comes out in August 22nd and the next one is December 2nd 3rd or 4th maybe the 2nd
We have got to play as Daniel in Episode 4
we need more life is strange 2
ummmm..... NOOOOOOOO!
Guess you could say that Sean had a septic eye at the end
33:20 when i got up to this since there was no music, I played careless whisper by George Michel to make less awkward
I miss roger
It reminds me of when that guy off walking Dead the governor gets stabbed in the eye with a piece of glass
Rip sean
Is it just me, or did Jack start swearing more after YouTube started demonetizing people? He's just like, 'Ha you can't mess with me, I have the power of god and anime on my side!'
All daniel had to do was do what he did to the puma to merril and big joe
We got a new puppy two days ago and her name is Bella and she’s seven weeks old and she’s a pit bull, rottweiler and boxer mix and she learned very fast that flowers don’t taste good, even if they’re purple.
I kinda blame Karen (the mom) if she didn't leave the dad wouldn't be dead, Sean would have been hurt or a jerk to his brother (sorry Jack) and Daniel wouldn't have known his power or at least found out later in his year like Max did, but Max and Daniel's power happened from a death they seen. But I still blame the mom
From what I understood, from that 30 second trailer, that one of the boys is dead.  Could Sean be dead and Daniel is on his own?  Did Daniel kill his dad and his brother?  I am confused now.
I feel how Daniel feels, I have an older brother which hung out with me alot and soon he was hanging with friends and I felt left out and alone, so he needs to see its just life and maybe thats how he can control himself but he wants life perfect but hes too young to know that is not as real as he wants.
dear god i used to be okay with Daniel as a character but now i just hate him so much-- i don't care if he's a kid, he's super annoying and dumb ug h
Now I have to wait 3 more months for the next episode... 😭😭😠
GG 22 mil

Also Jack your epic
WHEN DID HE CUT HIS HAIR?? HAHAHAHAHAHA
you guys remember captain spirit?  bruh i was so happy when i saw sean and dan at the end
I paused the the vid I think  finn is going to sneak out with dan and get the money
Bru can we call sean carol
WTF happened to the sound?
sean kisses cassidy finn hey cass... next clip sean has a second black eye
Daniel is going to make a tornado like the old life is strange then max is going to have to stop him she’s the mother
Welcome to Life is Strange 2! I got my cuntfee coffee.
Just my guess
There going to Porto Lobos to see there mom
Predictions for next episodes (read after you’ve seen this ep): 

Merrill’s not dead, but he’s not gonna rat Daniel to the cops for theft cause hell rat himself out for working on a pot farm. 

Depending on whether or not you went with Finn’s plan — or you got fin killed or not, Finn or Cassidy with offer to go with Sean to find Daniel and Sean will be so fed up he’ll be like ‘no I have to go find him myself’ and he says his goodbyes to the group quickly. It’ll be sad but a “alright we have to find my brother, now”

the “unknown officer” is talking to Daniel saying he’s all alone. Maybe he got caught with the money doing some dumb shit like buying tons of shit all at once since he seemed to have just grabbed it and ran. it would be super suspicious to see a nine year old come into your store with a boatload of cash. (He was shot in the shoulder so this could possibly hinder the use of his power with him being right hand dominate. And that’s why he was caught so easily. Although if your game didn’t have him get shot I don’t know how he would get caught with the use of his powers.)

Sean is the one walking down the road (it just seems his hood is up and his sleeves are torn off.) I don’t know why he would be walking so slow though if he were trying to look for his brother. He could be dehydrated although his body movement to me suggests  he’s just ready to give up. So this may be  after Daniel ran. 

The mother probably has powers and that’s why she left home. (I’m sticking with this prediction since we haven’t gotten any other reason for her to leave. Not even a ‘she was unhappy with her marriage’ or ‘she wanted a fresh start’)

Somehow Daniel and Sean reunite and ditch the plan to Puerto Lobos to look for their mom. They’ll use the PO address as a start because she must have to live nearby, right? She’s most likely going by a different name in her new town so asking around for ‘Karen’ probably won’t help even if it’s a small town, unless someone knows a women who moved there about eight years ago. Anyway, it’ll probably be a scavenger hunt to find her. 

I don’t know if any of my predictions are even close, but I feel the game is gonna end with such a climactic twist and I’m honestly so fucking hyped for it.
Don't do it
i have a theory that Rachel from life is strange before the storm have the same power that daniel have but didn’t have a strong shock to trigger it anyway i guess it’s stupid but what you think of it ?
Why is he starting to speak like a black guy?
Jack, what in the world did you think would happen if you chose for Daniel to use his powers? Like, Finn is on the ground, 'cause he made an awful choice, and he is about to be punished for something he did, that you greatly advised against for being too dangerous, and then all of sudden, you're just like "I wanna see Daniel do the cool power stuff" even though that choice had literally nothing else appealing to it, and then, unsurprisingly, Daniel ends up with a bullet in his shoulder, and you're all passed out on the floor of a trashed house, and Sean has a chunk of glass digging into his eye socket. I hate to say it, but that was by far the worst choice you've made so far. But whatever, you play the game how you want to I suppose
Me, low-key hoping Cassidy is dead: oh... what a shame... damn... rip...
Hears Jack say he wants music in the background

Starts blasting Yankee Doodle
1% of comments: good vid

99%: gReAt CoMmENt
Sean’s hair cut is so cool like shit Finn is so good at cutting hair 👌😂💕
33:49 that's so fucking relatable 😂😂😂😂 it has happened to me so many times lmao. Love the vid and the good job!❤
Is anyone else's heart racing at 51 minutes?
i feel like daniel inherited is powers from his mother idk
It's odd not watching his vids in like 3 years and to find out he has a beard
Why would you make Daniel abuse his power?
imagine if sean said "i think you should know um... i have crabs"
I wonder if The Wolf Among Us 2 will ever come out or even made.
I don’t like Cassidy :/
Use your music
Now I’m just waiting for Sean to say to someone top of the morning to you
My dog was already stolen
DAMN DANIEL
Did finn get all the money and sean get shot on the eye really
EYE PATCH EYE PATCH EYE PATCH EYE PATCH!!! 
Edit: Sean hurt one eye, It's Jack septiceye?
Jack: are any of you legal american drinking age?
Me: is it legal to work at a weed farm?
Oh man what going to happened in the next ep ???
For some reason I feel like Sean has power too idk why
I would say all the characters you met meet at the end all step In and gang up it'll be a cool moment like team against cops not fighting they would protect him
Tnis is the cringyiest episode ever😂😂😂
One gripe that i really had with this episode ,and the series in general, is the lack of facial animation. It feels like the characters emote through wildly shaking their heads.
i aint happy, I'm feelin glad i got sunshine, in a bag...
God, daniel almost killed everyone. Sean must have a power that reflects daniels destructive power. Like a yin and yang where only the other power can calm the power
do u think Jack doesn't realize that Finn is kinda gay for Sean
I wish Sean had powers
I would say they will have to meet with Chloe from number one because Arcadia bay is rip so she is alive and that's was a big thing at the start so yeahh
Sean. You did not blur out the nudity. Come on.
I have 3 dods
Daniel would have probably swiped the gun anyway but by you telling him to, he won't get into the habit of defying Sean in those situations. Daniel did seem bratty in the episode, wanting all attention, using the fact that Sean hangs out with them more against him when they fight. I loved it over all and I hate that I have to wait till the next episode.
I have a pug you can borrow
The mum left them, jack, she didn't die, SHE LEFT THEM
Jack, can you do an american accent? if so please do one in your next vid.
Sean: does a great job at work


Daniel: I'm about to end this man's whole Career
"Are any of you of legal drinking age"
Says to the guys smoking and harvesting pot
Jack has a lot of really good ideas during his rant at the end, if only he could write for the game
16:25 i think you forgot your hair bro.
it's like finn saw what Daniel could do and was like bam i'm gonna get paid, and also where the hell did Daniel go
I really miss the music in the background I understand why, but it kinda takes away the vibes from this game.
Why do you even care about Finn is beyond me
I'm really nervous for this game cus episode 1 was really great but since then the last two just feel like standalone games that could honestly just be cut out because they all have time jumps. Nothing here really feels significant and now there's only two episodes left and so honestly we only have one episode for them to get their plot together. I want the game to do well because the first season was incredible. The thing is, this episode felt like extremely boring filler and then we get 10 really good minutes at the end. It's kinda frustrating cus we have to wait like 4-5 months before we get another decent 10 minutes. I'm not that excited since I'm kinda giving up hope for it at this point, but let's hope they can do this amazing concept some justice!
Oof. A tween + super powers =/= a good time
When the question of “why are they still going to Mexico and not trying to find their mother” came up, I thought “yeah, I was thinking the same thing. That will probably happen before this game’s over.

When the question of “are any of them legal American drinking age”, probably not but they’re working on an illegal pot farm so why not.

I’m guessing Daniel attacking Cassidy only happens if you let Daniel kill the cougar. I didn’t let him kill the cougar and he didn’t attack Cassidy, he only blamed her before turning to blow the door open. I think in some people’s playthrough’s I watched, if they let Daniel kill the cougar, then Daniel would attack Cassidy.
Jack I love you but God please think about it. The mom would be a place the cops would go to first considering a runaway would go to people they know first. (The grandparents are a good example) The place down in Mexico would be a good hiding place, considering the father already owns it and the police wouldn't suspect the kids to go from seattle all the way to Mexico.
Big Joe=Kratos
I’ve got a few Rhodesian ridge back you could borrow one off lol ....
Jack if you pick your into girls when you and cassidy are swimming in the lake you have an option to kiss her and get on her tent
Why didn’t you make him kiss Finn?

HE’S SUPPOSED TO KISS FINN
"Other people's dreams are not ur responsibility" best quote i've heard lately
Tbh, I already disliked Daniel from the start on. And but this  episode so far just makes me dislike him even more.
From that Ep 4 preview, I'm calling an episode segment within a jail, and a huge jail break with Daniel's powers, perhaps with the help of Ep 3 dudes, with the tough decisions being who breaks out with you.
All I could tgink when they we're in that lake was Jason
Ugh I didn't know how much i needed this until one didn't come out yesterday...this series is like taking hard drugs.
Edit: I was a bit disappointed with a lot of your choices this time, dude. I wanted you to spend more time with Daniel since he seemed like he needed a big brother to help him out.


THREE MONTHS IS TOO LOOOOOOOONG.
ALL THE WAYS FOR SONGS
33:51 that's exactly what's happening




Minus the tv and instead a phone and ear buds
u can baroww my dog

sorry i dont think i spelled that right
25:56 " Scooting around at the speed of sound"
Aw, Dontnod’s trying to be old BioWare, that’s adorable!
Jokes aside, it’s nice to see a game dev have some balls nowadays. 
CD Projekt did it better though, because they’re like the best dudes ever.
mom was never dead bro
(Spoiler question) 






What decision makes Daniel use his powers on Cassidy?? This is the first gameplay I’ve seen that happen.
Maybe if the damn kid just watched Mob Psycho hed be fine
i like the real life details LIS puts in their games :)
37:41 you and me both HAHAA
2:50 That’ll be GrYeT
Uh oh, think we got a demonetization here
im swedish and they sound hella swedish
What if Daniel goes rogue at the end of the season causing mayhem to the world and max and chloe return( depending on your decision) and the team up with shawn to stop Daniel.
34:49 I just got a puppy and she is a Boston terror mixed pit bull. But I'm here in CA lol.
🔴 MILD SPOILER ALERT 🔴




I was thinking when Sean said “***k me!” When they were running to find those two, (I won’t spoil it) I thought Cassidy was gonna say “I just did”😂😂
Jack- "This is even more awkward with no music!"
Proceeds to sing "let's get it on" really badly
Tbh Daniel is too whiny and I think it’s beyond the point of me caring for his character like I did at the start now I’m just feeling bad for Sean
That sex scene, I cringed so hard.. awkward silence.. starring into jack's eyes with awkwardness.... Humming loudly
I like how Penny just glitches out a little bit here 25:03
Jack can't count to 3...
Long time no see jack
I will get that exact tattoo.
Why Daniel always get in to trouble Sean get trouble to
When Jack made jokes about them having sex, I remember when Sean said: "Do you want me to come inside?
I thought the water was toxic though
Amazing
Jack as i followed , Daniel made a crime by killing a cop , and then they had to run to Puerto Lobos (mexico im pretty sure) so they are not a refugee anymore because in other country ,their crime doesnt count. And their mom is in the country theyre living in right now so.. they have a house in mexico.
The Diaz brothers: Mexican
Jack: I think I made a super villain
Trump: WhAnTs tO bUiLd wAlL
I think there mom is max with a changed name and she left because she didn't what to put thm at risk


But I dont know how long after life is strange 1 this is so maybe not : /
Could daniel cause the giant tornado from LIS 1?
@jacksepticeye tell ur editor to add music to the no music sound
If it makes you feel any better, I skipped swimming and going in her tent, and everything still went to shite basically the same way
Why would they apply copyright to music in their game? they paid for the rights, they have control over that, sounds like a douche move to me, nothing new from them but you know
i feel like cassidy shouldve been a mother figure since they grew up without a mom, it would be a great story arch
For a second i thought he was gonna rob the safe, he was like "i dunno man... Were already in trouble as is"  i was about to go off on him lol, he already made all the morally wrong choices😂😂😂
I thought Jack would just start playing the Megalovania at the background
Both of these vids are going to get demonetized
Jack the man who will question about their drinking age but will say nothing about all the pot
What if daniel goes back in time and makes the tornado from the first game.
33:02 "I think you should know that i'm.. BATMAN!" wish Sean would would have said that
31:36*lenny face intensify*
I have 3 dogos lol
PART 3 please Sean
The next episode comes out around August! NOOOOO!!!!!!!!
No matter what path you chose the ending was still the same in the end of it all
Bad hair and bad tattoo
I think that they're taking a different route with doing  powers since in the first game, it was so power filled and only about the powers.. I like the game a lot so far personally and think its better than the first one.
31:35 "YOU WANT ME TO COME INSIDE"
I took this way too sexual lol
You can have my dog his name is baby we named him that cuz he whines all the time
You've consecutively made some of the worse decisions yet in this episode. I wonder how many sexual diseases Sean contracted from his firsty.
"Other people's dreams are not your responsibility."
Honestly probably one of the best quotes I've ever heard


EDIT: Since this seems to be getting some attention, I want to put a little PSA out there..
EVERYONE has the right to follow their dreams. No matter if a friend or family member or stranger puts you down -- whether you're in middle school or already have your own family --  It's your responsibility to put forth the work and effort to make it. Whatever you're going for, I'm rooting for you!
4:42 
Anders: does ok sign
Sean: what's that mean
Merrill:okay!
Me: perfect timing
I feel like there’s a major plot twist in ep 4 just like season 1 when they reveal Mr. Jefferson.
I am proud that I managed to do this bit without alerting Big Joe XD
Idea Sean died and the rest of the game is as Daniel trying to find his mom probably not though
I think Daniel can be the shocker now
Sean you did a bad job with censors
what happened to your hair
You can have my dog
Anyone else here hates Daniel for never listening?
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
I think Daniel will go to his mums, I also wonder if we will see Lyla again.. I imagine with Daniel being awol she would be too concerned to sit still at home.
Sean: They don't sound swedish

The swedes: literally talked swedish last episode
i have a little brother too so i knew daniel would trust someone else instead of sean and i knew he would be destructive and wouldnt obey, it was pretty obvious after he "hit" sean
I have a feeling Sean will not get a power and in the end I believe he Will die bc what will counter and evil Telechanetic basically I feel Sean will die then Daniel will see what he did wrong and continue to do bad or something
is it just me or is cassidy and sean's romance really awkward and forced
I was wondering if that was a satanic symbol on Sean's arm
Man I hate kids
I think Jack didn't notice that Sean and Finn could kiss!
I AM SO GLAD YOU DIDN'T LET FINN DIE, HE'S MY BABY.
Merrill: I have a gun.

Daniel: I’m about to ruin this mans career
is it weird that while watching life is strange 2 in which the characters are trying to go to Mexico I get an ad about going to Mexico?
daniel went darth vadar on her 46:19
Who was cringed out and kinda played carless whisper in their heads when cassidy and sean we doin fun adult times
Yeah decisions don't always affect the ending of the particular episode but they do affect characters, their behavior and future episodes
Seriously Merill? You were just praising them and then you scold him? 0_o
Was Cass missing an arm??
dang it he did not put the cool music over it
cant watch omg my sweet eyes
Why didn't he pry the door open to the truck 42:20
Jack and I had the same expression when Cassidy kissed Sean. And when the sex scene happened I had in my mind Sweet Sweet Victory playing. Lol
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks
So cringe without music
im in the comments
.....Cassidy.....my gay heart cant handle it
What are those things they are wearing on they’re necks?
Hello Séan! Im graduating tomorrow and just thought I’d say you were and still are a huge inspiration to me and your content helped me through my senior year! You’re even cool enough to be my senior quote for the yearbook! Keeping doing you and no pressure but please keep making fun content for your fans! 😊
Calling it now towards the end he'll be the villan about to destroy somethin or someone and we have to make the choice to either kill him or join him which will lead to Daniel being sort of seans boss but if we end him than we live in mexico and tell the tale of Daniel like a myth
"daniel's whining is annoying" no, he's a kid. lets imagine and put yourselves in his shoes, he's a 9 year old, and in this camp there are only teens and up, whose conversation cannot be comprehend by a 9 year old, hes a kid who is active, have a great responsibility (power) on his shoulder, and he's trying to stay relevant and to do that he tried to become an 'adult' in this camp which conversation revolves around weed and booze. now tell me how annoying he is, because he's not. if anything, i feel bad for him. has his decision clash with my standing? absolutely everytime. but do i think hes annoying? no. he's just trying to fit in, and the only one he could be himself to is his big brother because age gap doesnt apply to their relationship and conversation because theyve been together for daniel's whole life. he needs sean, especially now, when at the beginning, the only one who knew of daniels power is sean, and in times when daniel need sean, sean is nowhere to be found or is hanging out with cass. i mean for sean's good health, its good that he hangs out with ppl his age but what abt daniel? ill repeat again, no one in the camp is anywhere near his age.
Life is strange part 2 has full boobs and a little view of side boob shots, anyone else think that is just a little extreme for a Life is strange game
Daniel is my least favorite character, and this proves my point why.
I really wish Sean would have powers just like Daniel 😯😯😯
I love how Jack's fave gets increasingly more uncomfortable by the sex part lmaoo
54:30 he is now becoming jacksepticeye only reversed
Ok, i am mad at this 'to be continued'
I really do like jack‘s choices
I genuinely do not like Daniel
3:07 looks exactly like my American staffy
im only at 19:28 but why do i have a feeling the $1400 (i think thats what it was right?) is gonna get stolen by finn. ohno
I agree with Jack about the seasons issues (though the mother is alive and we've always known that, we just don't know why she left) the setup would've been stronger had the first episode had been bonding with the dad and brothers and then he died. I also think that if the brothers had thought their mother was dead and not that she had left would've been an interesting take for them and the dad dying would've had a stronger impact on the boys. Then it could've been a struggle to go see the mom or not driving this wedge between the two as we've seen so far. Idk, maybe that's just me. Cutting out a lot of the "training" time we've heard of or seen could've been done on the road with them meeting the hippie group and seeing Daniels and Sean's relationship struggling with their dad gone and the difficulties of trying to be a parent and role model towards Daniel and Daniel struggling with a lot between his powers and everything else going on. Just imo would've been a stronger build up but who knows, the next two episodes may prove me wrong and end up working out well in the end.
Heres for another 4 months of waiting...
Me at 33:50 oh hell no
U can have my dog jack
That ending though 😣😬
R E L E A S E D A T E W H E N ?
Wish i could see what would of happened if he chose to not make daniel use it power wonder if it would be different
All this is just build up for Daniel's superhero/villian story. He probably killed everyone including Sean, and now he's on his own.
can we get an f in the chat for seans eye
When Sean said "sorry it sucked" I went into the deepest cringe defense layer I have.. AAAAAAAAAAA. Hope I wont say it in my big play ...
Jack see what happens when you scold Daniel too much he won't listen
👏nowhere👏in👏the👏game👏says👏the👏mum👏died Sean says blatantly in episode 2 that she left and didn't want to be apart of their lives
"The next nudge will be my last" 
Falls off bridge
"You don't have to be pretty to be functional!" the wise words of an Irish jackaboy
4:27
"We have reports of a sexual deviant in the area"



Connor, dancing sexually; 
Sees desert and mountains: WHERE ARE WE, NEBRASKA?
Jacksepticeye should try out the Herbie mod.
Like so Jack sees.
Day 2 of thanking Jack for his hard work
9:41 "dude, you hit that so hard , you not even in the same dimension anymore"
I'm the slap that slaps back.
Jacksepticeye 2019
Also, 6:58, and 8:52 that's going in the best of jacksepticeye moments
EXCUSE ME?!?! But where's "Jacksepticeye's Loading Screen" Series?
I've been waiting since season 2 of the series and the story is just getting interesting.
Damn it Jack! why did you left it in a cliffhanger.
6:21 maybe they are delivering same great “coke” taste now with zero sugar
Jack: (exists) 

Robin: I’m about to edit this whole mans YouTube career
He protecc
He attac

But most importantly......

In the next nudge,he fell off tracc.
8:52 "My next nudge will be my last nudge"





DRIVES OFF
4:30 Detroit Become Human 2

The return of Connor and the s*** deviants
Jack I see that the lamp is still broken after a month 




Oof
Don't let this distract you from the fact that you can save fifteen percent or more on car insurance from Geico
Jack in previous vid: this younger boi is so fast at saying the intro 
Also jack:*does intro in 2 seconds*
"You don't have to be pretty to be functional"
-Jacksepticeye talking about me, 2019
Make beamng videos like last time modded cars and downloaded maps
Jack: Time is of the essence
Also Jack: Patience is a virtue
Me: don't those contradict each other
"I PROVE MYSELF AS A PROFFESIONAL DRIVER"

(Gets Chased)
5:34 
Jack, we know what you're hinting towards
You know who is awesome



Read the first word ✌️
For the love of God please finish RiME. The game is amazing and I'm really interested about how you would react to what happens later in the game. Please finish this masterpiece :(
I said it once and I'll say it again: 

Thank you Officer Jack for your service  salutes
8:54 Speeder: Hits Edge of Bridge    
Jack: :0
what's the song playing in the background?
Jack:can i turn the siren off though i got a bit of a headache me: i wonder why probably because you scream 24/7
No one:
Jacksepticeye: I DONT EVEN HAVE A LICENSE!!!
Jack driving? Oh no... god... no...
I started wheezing when the guy kept driving when his car was totaled 💀💀
Ever just watch one of his videos on the slowest setting? He sounds like the drunk kid at every party who wants to fight everyone
I came here from watching Jenna Marbles and had all my volumes maxed out. And forgot to turn them down. I almost fell over backwards
We will chase you down the high way of wheare r we?? And look at your face (0:43) 😂
Love your vids btw
Jack: I didn´t crash my car


Car: FUCKED


Jack: It look's perfectly fine to me
Make a vídeo about global warming plz irish boi
3:20 
New John wick is looking pretty good 👌🏼😁
Jack pls try playing primal or scaler 
Primal is on ps2 and ps4 don't know if its on other devices
Scaler is on ps2/GameCube/xbox
more like im gonna take my hearse down old town road
When an Autobot and a Decepticon had kids together
Jack attac
Jack protecc
But most importantly...




HE GOT THE HORSES IN THE BACC
I miss this
(Old jack is the best
6:27
In Resident Evil merthan's voice: 
WHAT ARE YOU SELLIN?
Play don't starve: Hamlet
F_3k!ng great
Jack: “ I’m the greatest driver, the world has ever seen! “

* Crashes/ makes a wrong turn *

(edit: Jack will do this if some one asked him if he is American or something)
Jack : OFROADING BITCHES!!!
Me : Hold still my baby heart!!
JACK WE GOT BACK OVER NINJA 
UP THE RA!!!!!





Also can we play slime rancher again? There is two-three new slimes 🇮🇪😑
Graduate? more like "Garaguate" 
kill me
JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK


👏🏻 we 👏🏻 need 👏🏻 satics 👏🏻 factory 👏🏻 

I can’t 👏🏻 stress 👏🏻 dis 👏🏻 enough 👏🏻
Lol “where are we... NEBRASKA” 

From someone who lives here that’s not how it looks LOL
Sean as a policeman:
Sean:"PULL OVER"
Criminal:"They have loudspeakers now?"
Deputy:"Sean, please stop yelling. . ."
Loool I live in Nebraska and I can tell you nowhere near us looks like that
Remember the Yang family? They are so proud of u of how clumsy u still are
Nebraska has prairies. It looks more like Wyoming and Utah. But Thx for mentioning my home state
A truck is coming at you 
Everyone “AARRRGHHH”
Jack “ just be a pigeon “
If Jack is bringing back BeamNG. Drive which I love, I wonder how many other old games he could ( cough cough, KSP 🤷🏽‍♂️)
Anyone else understand the “Pigeon-Robin” thing?
Turn off the esc so you can go faster in the dirt areas
Could u plz play the walking dead again but opposite choices plus I really just want you to see how much better CLOUIS is then VIOLINTINE
I love it when Jack plays car games.  Thank you JACK!!!
Ah, Oblivion references with the guard dialogue. Good times~
Me: Hasn’t watched JSE in about 4 years 




YouTube recommended: 

Fancy some laughs? :)
what happened to your outro? 😭😭😭
You should join Dude Perfect after how you destroyed Felix in the bottle flip challenge 😂
Car: Good thing most drivers don't crash.
Jack: walks up
Car: Ah s*&@ here we go again
PSA
MR 👏BEAN 👏DROVE👏A 👏MINI 👏NOT 👏 A 👏 RELIANT 👏ROBIN.
“Fly away home Mr pigeon! Fly ABOVE the truck!”

Sean William McLoughlan- 2018
play more tabs you dork
All you have to do is hit people really hard and then you can win anything in life. 
- Jacksepticeye 2019
MEMORIES 😭😭
Hey, Jack! 
Here's a little pointer: a Pit maneuver involves a sideways nudge on the rear quarter of the car, NOT ramming the rear bumper.
Okay, Jack, Everytime I see your face you look more and more like my father.

Halloween is actually in May confirmed???
I love that this is coming back I greatly enjoyed your first BeamNG Drive series
Jack, today is my bday and I just wanna say thanks for existing
OK your face is better on year 2017:
Compare your face on this year 2019 and your face on 2017
LIFE IS STRANGE 2 
EVEYONE LIKE SO HE CAN SEE
Jack you did a video on my birthday today
Jacksepticeye's reaction to the James Charles controversy
 5:34
Jackseptieye please do antisepticeye again pls 🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽
Go back to when darkness comes, you didn’t finish that game!!!
Fast and the Furious; 
Jacksepticeye edition
Pls do more Satisfactory
REEEE
Hello please someone buy me John wick skin I don't have money for it please

My id is 
FoxrootkingX
Satisfactory should come back
I reference to the Pigeon, there really was a three-wheeled car, didnt sell well, tipped often. It was called the Robin.

OG Top Gear!
Me want 20min of this
Does anyone else want jacksepticeye to bring back the trumpet from dudes a beast, would make a great intro
The subs always say ladies instead of laddies... X3

Darn it... I’m giggling alone in coffee break room at work..,
Can u play fortnite and add me (epic:deezwixmix)
Could you play megaton rainfall Jack?
Me: watching the video 

Also me: hm, jack really looks like my dad... 😂👍🏻
It just came out a minute ago and its already got 5k veiws, 919 likes, 5 dislikes!!!
JACK!!! Coke has a new orange and vanilla soda!!!! PLs try!!! (Also, loved the video, buddy!)
"He's not selling that same great Coke taste!"
Me: But is he selling that same great Coke SCENT, if you know what I mean.
Hi jack I love ur vids keep UP THE GOOD WORK MY FREIND :D
Game: You got hit!
Car:Completly crushed
Jack: What do you mean? Its perfectly fine
Jack you should play the demo for the sequel of Kindergarten.
Car Dealers: Sees Thumbnail and Title
Also Car Dealers:No that's how they are suppose to be.
It's a 'Pigeon' instead of a reliant robin :D
This game should be like turbo dismount!
I'm just gonna channel my inner Michael bay 

- jacksepticeye 2019
Jack: Is he dead?
Success
Jack: YES!
insert jacks happy laugh here
That red car looks like paul walker's.
Somebody: Inhales oxygen to allow their organs to function as well as to do basic functions
Jack: S T O P  C R I M I N A L I N G
Yes! I love this game!
8:00

“bouncing around at the speed of sound”

anyone else?
i literally make the same face as jack does when the car fled into the edge of the river xD
Sean me boy me bob more of this u beautiful specimen
Jack Metal Gear Rising Revengeance when
YOU SHOULD PLAY FORTNITE!"+#(!$;$+;#+$+$;*++$+#+*#;
I normally get 😠😠 about Nebraska comments but Sean had me 💀💀💀 about his remark. ❤️❤️❤️ Plz play more and keep the Nebraska comments coming
OFF-ROAD BITCHES 



 I miss this
Anyone: "Umm, Jack... Your car is absolutely destroyed."
Jack: "wtf is that even supposed to mean?"
"Toss boy" is the greatest liscence plate ever
Jacksepticeye: I’ve proven I’m the master of all things in this game




Me: Yeah...that seems about right😄
What happened to satisfactory we miss it jackyboy💕💕
Present Jack: THIS IS TOO FAST!
Past Jack: SPEED IS KEY!
Their is a mod for planes if you want to use them for a vid if so give me credit
I wish to see DESTRUCTION of dead sexual predator and cars
Car flips over 
Jack: “HE DED!”
Solid music in this video
"i dont even have a licince"'




jacksepticeye








boi you said you were the greatest driver
The furniture is lava
5
4
3
2
1

 😂
Please do MORE 
I legit peed myself laughq
Where's my TABS!!!!!
House flip,have garden DLC. Great work on this video
Jack looks like Athelsten from Vikings on Netflix ;)
Well if ya take a weeed bit of jack and a car +speeeeed it usually doesn’t go so well.
Jack: what are you selling sick kids to books?! 
Me: wUT?
more life is strange 2
I was watching this video with my pet lizard and he kept running away😂
Holy crap Jack mentioned Utah. I live in Utah :)
The fact that he jumped a bridge with out a ramp was  not more  amazing  then the greatest cop chase . Change my mind .
When have you ever got a thick beard and why did you stop saying like a boss
DEVIANT? 
SEND CONNOR THE ANDROID SENT BY CYBERLIFE
Loved the hair in todays vids jack also loved the video keep it up!
'Give me something challenging.'

Next clip: Don't say you didn't ask for it. Heheheheh
Jack, you didn’t put up the next Life Is Strange 2 part. You must be punished! Your punishment is...
YES!! I WAS HOPEING FOR A VIDEO!!  I'm sick today🤗🤗😪😓
"All you have to do is hit things really hard to win in life" wise words of jackoboy
6:28
“Good evening fine lads. May I offer you some sick children?”
I just found this game and then saw my notification for this
Post The episode 2 of Life is Strange please Jack We are waiting for it 👌🏾
Jack: almost crashes on rocks
Jack: Oh Jesus, we're off to a rocky start!
Me: idk if that puns was intended or not, but i am laughing my ass off either way.
Jack u have to shave that weird beard and remove the earrings
Jack: I have a headache.  Continues to yell
Jack, so you mean. 
To win the girl I love. I should just hit her really hard? 
Great! I'll try that! Thanks! 😃

Edit: That's odd. It it didn't work. Well on the bright side, I'm no longer in the friend zone!
Seeing that “edited by pixlpit” in the description makes me so happy
9:57 "driving a coke can that a truck drove over" best line in the video
I know this series from Lazarbeam.
Jack is better tho
"Where are we? Nebraska?"

*eye twitch*
JACKEBOY MAN, RICK AND MORTY WILL BE BACK IN NOVEMBER 2019!!!
It it just me or jack look like David de gea with that haircut
Can you play with mods like the new monster truck
Nice videos ! I love that you are replaying BeamNG, You should download the Gull Coast map theres 10 scenarios with it !
We want more videos showing your  amazing driving skills Jack
You've been hit by
You've been struck by




A truck.
OI, JUST GOT HERE, hello :D
So you're saying , they ain't catching him?
3:30🎶 Deja Vu!!! I've been in this place before!! Flying down the street and I know it's my time to goooo!!!🎶🤣🤣🤣
I didn't really know car games were this good. Thanks Jacksepticeye.
can you go back to clone drone in the danger zone
One dislike God danm it I am waiting for the day I see zero
yo do more than just scenarios i wanna see mods and stuff more of the community stuff would be cool imo
 
also yo moma jokes are really funny
I found your Channel because of beamNG drive and lost it after you stoped playing this game but now i got back here and i love it ^^
Gotta love how Sean pronounces Three as Tree. "We got Tree Weels!"
I forgot I mean your hair too 
Compare your hair on 2019 and 2017 and think witch is better jacksepticeye 2019 or jack 2017
Please play Reassembly or Swarm Universe please? Or play Cortex Command? Also why collab with Stranger Gamers if they have zero videos anyway?
I love watching you have crazy driving experiences.
Sean: I got head ache 

Me : I always have a head ache watching you
Saiu trailer do final 7 fez tudo que foi que fez YouTube tablet fire 7 novo trailer five nights at freddy's 7 novo trailer novo também que fez eu também 2019/2019 YouTube YouTube
My Computer: you got mail
Jackseptickeye's computer: u got hit
Jack can you play surviving mars
 its so fun its like city skylines
Can you download mods 

Its gonna be a very cool SERIES
Could u do some more Beamng sandbox like in the begining of the series
I think you can turn the slow mo off when you keep going after you've failed or won the level!
You haven’t tried World War Z
..or did you? idk
Hey jack could you do some more of the sandbox in beamng drive because those vids were funny
9:56
Is that Coca-Cola ™ can the same great take but zero sugar with a little added hint of vanilla?
When he says nebraska and you live there 😊
Cashier: What are selling? jack: sick kids to books.
Cashier: are you drunk?
The opening riff of the background music sounds like walk by pantera
Thanks for reminding me that I bought this game back in... 2013?!? 
Turns out, it's just as hard as you make it look!
0:39 as a Nebraskan I freaked out at this. Also, Sean, it looks nothing like Nebraska 😁
Me: life is strange episode 3 pt 2?
Jacksepticeye: no. Just no.
Jack you are the best YouTuber ever you should have a fake Emmy 🏆
Jack: That will teach ya a lesson 

My 4th grade teacher:(no expression)
Watching this video fills me with determination to not drive
Tyler Joseph: exists
The entire skeleton clique: 3:19
Jack, you should try warframe :3
Jack i have to ask you a question.
you've been hit by

you've been struck by
Your doing great with this series. Please keep uploading beaming newest update
Nice to see you are continuing to play this game :)
Jack: "SPEED IS KEY!"

Also Jack: "This is too fast for me!"
Who wants some more of the sandbox in beamng
I do✋
0:30 "this is way too fast for me"
But, i thought speed was key...
0:40 Yes, Jack... that's exactly what Nebraska looks like... 10:10 Yup, Utah... just like "Nebraska"...
It's so relaxing to always watch you. Even if you are yelling lol.
sexual D E V I A N T



WHY DON'T YOU SAY IT?
Jack should play Forza Horizon 4
1:30 Jack "if you hit people really hard, you can win anything in life."
1:40 Jack rams truck at highest possible speed "fail"
ah the good ol times when jacksepticeye playing BeamNG drive ahhh good ol days..
Holy shit i just realised jack started swearing again, yaaay
Yeah that ain't Nebraska 
For Nebraska is flat and filled with corn
My last name Allen is a Gaelic last name from Ireland and Scotland,it means "Little Rock".Jack,me and you are Gaelic Brothers.
1:38 give me something challenging 
2 seconds later
Crashes
Jack... jack... jack I cant help but notice you haven't played a dead rising game since that last God awful entry into the series. I suggest you record the very first dead rising where Frank is actually Frank. I wove u :3
ITS BEEN SO LONG!!!!!! But I’m happy you’re playing it now 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
Dude you look like Jesus from the walking dead season 3.
"The next nudge will be my last" 

Flies off bridge
Jack, You should Play Yandere Simulator.
Jack fix the blue light please and red is so lonely Guys say rip in the chat XD
Nice Hot fuzz reference! Great film
“Policeman officer”
Hey Jack great video but can you possibly do a video on a game called rust?
Holy shit I haven't watched you in a long time what happened to your hair
oh my god the title wasent ALL CAPS
" I can't handle vacations, I'm a workaholic!!" 
We know, Sean. We know.
I remember when you first played this before the green hair and fame I missed this
Jack will you ever play a plague tale innocence and keep up the good work 😄
I know you said it is over but you need to do a happy wheels Reunion!!!! That would be amazing
Someone make an animated of highlights of this episode plz
8:50 when you think you'll pass the test but you get a question you don't know
Can anybody gift me somthing in fortnite my epic name is Ghost-Jayden.plz
yeah ,that car on the thumbnail supposed to look fine , IN THE DUMP
please play more mordhau
who agree please like
Haha that looks more like Arizona where I live :) Nebraska is really green
I'm digging this metal music!🤘
Coke makers wanna yeet jack off a bridge rn 😂😂😇
I’ve been waiting years for another one of these ❤️
Jacksepticeye said a grease reference, jack a boy is officially best gamer
it feels weird having jack say the 'dont forget to like and subscribe' mantra
but then again
he did say 40% of his viewers are from ppl not subbed
(Desert everywhere) "where are we?  Nebraska?"  I lold so frikkin hard
Fly Pigeon, FLY!!
Also can you do some of the regular destruction videos as well as the mission ones?
8:08-8:14 Mega LOL!!!!!!😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
No normal (LOUD) outro?
Jack looks like An Irish kratos that likes video games
Criminal driving away from Jack
Wall: I’m about to end this man’s whole career
Where are we NeBrAsKa
Shit, I've missed your content for so long I didn't recognize you with the beard.
Jack Can you please play kingdom hearts
I'm glad Jack has relaxed a bit again. Really felt he has been trying to hard when trying to get the vanilla Coke sponsor. Also happy the swearing is back. Feels way more natural.
I'm gonna go win my wife back
Dude 3 yrs since I watched you last! You got a beard and everything
I just realised that Jack can't handle the speed no more where's the spppppeeeeeedddddddd issssss keeeeyyyyyyyyy




:'(
I had to hold my nose to keep myself from laughing
life is strangeeeeeeeeeee
Hey Jack, When are you going to do VR chat again? 




If you do there's a model of you with Septiceye (Sam) :3
L O U D E R     
M A R K I P L E R
U should play kindergarten 2 I loved that series so funny and the second one just came out a while ago
I miss you playing goat sim pls play it again 😢😢😢😢
Jack make this a series
I love this game 





Oh and you
I like how when he says welcome back to beamng drive there's a pic of mr bean in the corner
Jack+cars= explosions
sees corner
Yup don't need to turn I'll do it in five minutes
Crashes 
WTF bro
is jack gonna do more vacation simulator?  I loved that game
Play dying light the following betsy misses you dude!
in a desert “Nebraska??”
How long has it been since you last played this?
Do life is strange 2 part 2 of episode 3
I don't get why it's loading so long on your side. It works much faster on my PC worth 10x less than yours
Slaps school desk
"Math!!"
Finally a popular YouTuber Mentions Nebraska for once
JUST MAKE HAPPY WHEELS VIDEOS SOME NEW ONES ARE TRASH MAKE HP vids
ITS BACK YES I WE NEEDED MORE
You should try automation, then export it into beamng drive
Say snow :D
Jack may I say you have a majestic sexy beard
Who remembers SUMOTORI DREEEAAMZU
Me: stop in the name of the law,your arrested for committing murder and creating 28 STAB WOUNDS!
Also at 6:23 Jack talks about the diet coke truck not delivering. Me:is there a flamingo shorts truck
06:28

Better watch out for those books! I hear they buy sick kids.
7:56 That’s my 2017 jack turning into 2019 jack!
When Jack looks at his Webcam it feels like he is watching my soul.
7:35 Remember Jack it's a rocky road to Dublin lol
So good to see them take the V-chip out of Jack. Lol
Officer Jack is life! <3
Omg JACK I'm so glad you restarted the beamng series. I WAITED FOR AT LEAST 2 YEARS FOR THIS VIDEO
Jack!!! That's Arizona 😂😂
Utah man once again confirming that jeeps drive autonomously in herds in Utah and get stuck on their backs like turtles
It's called the Pigeon because it's a take on the Reliant Robin.  Check out Jeremy Clarkson's Top Gear video in the Robin.  It's HILARIOUS...
You  should  play  sly cooper
This is what I like! These good edits and quick paced gameplay. Plus Jack, the metal music in the background was a great choice😊
Having this going in the background, 9:15 got me very confused.
Jack you should play a hat in time
“It’s just a little dirty, it’s still good, it’s still good” 😂 love the reference!
Play senseless distroction
Hey does anyone know how much this game costs
I have a question do u like lucky charms because I love them 😂✌️
Hello jacksepticeye
So i have just watched your stream thingy where you played hollow knight and i was wondering if you would like to continue it or restart it on the normal channel
If you said in an earlier video that you will not play it sorry did not know
Jack: "The next nudge will be my last!"
Also Jack: Flies his car off the side of the road into a lake
Well, you were right about one thing, but not in the way you thought XD


Least you tried.
My name is weegeepie!
My car doesn't do the fast too
Jack i just wanna thank you for making me laugh when i feel down you and your videos are something i can rely on if I’m in a dark spot in life
Omg he finally fUcKiNg upload
Play turbo dismount plz sean
Can you do "What's left of Edith Finch"!
Jack, you should play surviving mars
What are you doing satisfactory again I like that type gameplay
Yay I love the series thank you for uploading another video on it
Please ,play days gone i think you would like it and its one of my favorite zombie games
You might just have to try dark souls 1
Hello bandit this is snowman you got a Smokey in your tail
Jack you should try rage 2
0:39 i'm from Nebraska, lol
Yooooo why dont you play red dead 2 online man
Jack!!! continue life is strange!!!
one time during a watching one of jacks videos i had my volume pretty high during the intro and my floor shook
Try out the game off-road outlaws.  It’s a mobile game
Jack can u play a plagues tale its pretty good and its been a while since u did a atory driven game series
You can turn of the siren with M
8:50 play at .25 play back speed thank me later
0:28- "This is way too fast for me!" 124mph... yeah. Highway speed is anywhere from 55mph-80mph. You are in the equivalent of a stock car race.
1:03- "I am Toss Boy." A boy who tosses, or a boy who is tossed?
3:16- "It might be this rust-bucket of a car." It looks like a Toyota Tercel. Believe it or not, there are still a few of that type rolling around. (late 80's early 90s)
- "What are you selling? Sick kids to books?" Huh? :/ Book kids are sick? Sick books are kids? Books to sick kids? Ah, that must be it.
How come everytime he says "BeamNG" it sounds like hes saying "Bee Man Gee"
A little fast?
Change that to a lot fast.
Miss the old outro 😢😢😢
Holy cow Jack you look so diferent
You should try playing the mobile game : stickman rope hero. It's really fun
the pidgon is actualy a reliant robin
definitely not Nebraska, maybe Arizona or Colorado.
Look at this dude 😂😂😂😂😂
* hits rock *
Jack: thats a tree
2:11 Elton John, you seeing this?
On off road courses u have to take your time
You should try to make a car in automation the car company tycoon game andexport it to beamNg drive and try it on different tracks.
Jack your the best when I don't laugh today I watch your videos and your videos make me laugh
Hey Jack were is you friend aintseptic
8:53 perfect timing😹🤣
what's the secret to being amazing Sean?
crash first, ask questions later
Am i the only one who red the video title in Jack's voice?
Whens your next live stream or charity?
Haha! He said Nebraska!
Can you play on maps with big machines that destroy your car? Like the old videos?
Jack, I think you forgot your own philosophy: “SPEEEEEED IS KEEEEEY!!!!”

Also, hi everyone :)
You should get one of your eyes Tattooed Green or get a Septiceye Tattoo 



The eye one would hurt unless you want to be sleep
Pit maneuver jack, pit maneuver!
Great driving jack😂😂 dont crash now😂😂😂😂
if you listen closely you can hear Clair de lune quietly playing in the background
This is the Jack I know and love.
jacksepticeye:hey pewds get me out of this room with barrels



I FUKING CANT LAY MY "EYE" ON THOSE 
Like the seires keep on making them
quete jack success is HIT PEOPLE really HARD
Love you Sean you are the best ever
Happy weals with cars
Pigeon aka Reliant Robin
I went from a meditation ad to this!! Woah!
Breathedge

Jack: sick kids to books
I died when he quoted old town road
Epic police brigade crash.
Well you tink....
It been a while
Oh hey, I'm from Nebraska... also it 100% doesn't look like that, there's no corn, it's not flat, no meth heads... the usual...
Amgen this in verturelreality
Hey jack play automation! You can build your own car from the ground up and drive it in beamng drive! It’s really fun and interesting
Hi jack you’re my favourite youtuber love ya
Jack looking like Joseph Seed
Jack, I need you to do me a favor. Look at the shamwow ad just do it
hey jack remember when you went on the game grumps Ten Minute Power Hour
the start of the fall
Hey, remember cuphead, if you want to know where to find the 4th barbershop member, just



Go through that gateway after you beat Baronous von Bon bon (Candy Queen) go to the closed ride, walk behind it, and you will find him
I miss old jack😫. R.i.p. old jack
2 words, goat simulator.
Jack you need to scope out some of the ghost recon breakpoint trailers they are awesome
1:30 - Saitama (One Punch Man) 2019
Jack make more
I just picture Jack going to a go-kart place and running little kids of the road being like “slow down I’m a professional cop do you have your license neither do I okay BYE” and just speeds away and crashes into a tree
Play the hunter classic again it's 100% free no memberships are needed to hunt all the animals
Jack you should do longer videos for beaming like 20 minutes
Sigh what a car ride I don't know about this car trip
Ahhhh. You know its a good video when hitting the play button cause your ear drums to bleed. 👌
4:31 when i first Heard that guitar i thought Ink or sink from Splatoon was about to play (was it Ink or sink that sounded kinda like that in Splatoon 1?)
4:09 Jack the hero. He stopped the petiflie
Like if Jack/Sean should play universe sandbox again.
this felt like it had some of that old energy in it
Yes jack it is Nebraska
Is the audio out of sync or do I need a new computer
T
To
Top
Top o
Top of
Top of t
Top of th
Top of the
Top of the m
Top of the mo
Top of the mor
Top of the morn
Top of the morni
Top of the mornin
Top of the morning
Top of the morning t
Top of the morning to
Top of the morning to y
Top of the morning to yo
Top of the morning to you
Top of the morning to you l
Top of the morning to you la
Top of the morning to you lad
Top of the morning to you ladd
Top of the morning to you laddi
Top of the morning to you laddie
Top of the morning to you laddies
Top of the morning to you laddies!
Top of the morning to you laddies
Top of the morning to you laddie
Top of the morning to you laddi
Top of the morning to you ladd
Top of the morning to you lad
Top of the morning to you la
Top of the morning to you l
Top of the morning to you
Top of the morning to yo
Top of the morning to y
Top of the morning to
Top of the morning t
Top of the morning
Top of the mornin
Top of the morni
Top of the morn
Top of the mor
Top of the mo
Top of the m
Top of the
Top of th
Top of
Top o
Top
To
T
Play automation!
Jqck your the Best driver in beamng well have a good week
Where did your hair go!?
HEY JACK WHERES ANTI?
Only 10mins😭😭😭😭, im grateful but i only get one video a day😩 i watched everything else so i can't even go back nd watch wat i didnt
Jack YOUR BACK to bmg
play granny simulator it is similar to who's your daddy
Dear jacksepticeye ,

I used to suffer from crippling anxiety in practically all situations. My friend introduced me to youtube and your channel. Up until then I had never used youtube and watching your videos really helped me to relax and laugh.  I have gained confidence,  little by little, thanks to you, one laugh at a time. I now even have the confidence to make my first comment on youtube, (which is this).

Please like, so Jack can see.
JACK PLAY RAGE 2 PLEASE
“Where are we, Nebraska?”
Love u legend
1:30 ONE PUNCH MAN INTENSIFIES
hey jacksepticeye i have been watching you since the shadow of colossus and i want you to know that you are the best youtuber in the world and i love you so much and you make me laugh so if you read this i want you to know that you are the king of the septic world




thank you for every time you come out in a video
Play the Light runner mode
Who else is missing dying light🥺
Please play Hunter classic again is 100% free
Also where are da mods
Do more beamng drive
guys please....PLEASE tell me what he is saying at his intro !! FFS i watch his videos and i still havent figured out his words
Yknow webdriver torso is subscribed to jacksepticeye ^o^
Do more of this
look at jack' man bun
AWESOME VIDEO JACK!!! I LOVE U MAN!!! <3
Now... where's the skate 3 videos lol
More of BeamNG!
Jack remember this honey I'm trash
Says I can't stop my car stops it
I haven’t watched jack in years but he HAS A MANBUN NOW
so jack was the one  who was controlling the polices in GTA 5
The car named pigeon is a reference to the Reliant Robin.
WTF HAPPEN TO YOU MATE????!!!!!!Been gone for 1 year u look like a Short haired John Petruci
Thank you Sean for the mr bean refrence
I missed these from all those years ago
Do more plzz!!!!!
3:30 that smoke from that car is not good 0.0
NEW EGO OFFICER JACK, CHOP CHOP MY FELLOW MEN! GO GIVE THAT EGO A FANART!!
Excuse me, what the hell was that outro? WHO ARE YOU AND WHERE IS JACKABOY!?
Its so strangee knowing that i can drive (i just recently got my license) and my idol can (just not in real life (or legally))
As soon as Jack was going 100 mph a safety ad came up on my TV lol
Did you remember the plane car
Christ, it’s been 3 YEARS since I’ve watched this guy, a lot has changed
Oh Mr.Bean, always making fun in the most unexpected places.
...
...
...
...
Wondering how many people know what I mean.
FYI Jack the real name for that pigeon three wheeled car is the Reliant Robin
omg jack has a ponytail
I laughed so hard at him saying "will he do it again. No .because he's dead" that I nearly chocked and sneezed out my drink XD
As a resident of Nebraska I can indeed say Nebraska does not look like that needs to be more corn fields and more flat 0:40
Master of driving yep totally agree with you Jack 01:19
“So I’m just ganna take my horse to the old town road now, and just drive till I can’t no more.”
Sandbox mode?
As a nebraskan I am offended
Grease lightning? More like OOOOH PINK LIGHTNING
boy Imma need you to stop freakin cussing
What.. the .. F word...

You've changed soo much.. the last time I watched a video of you was like 1 or 2 years ago
Every one said this game is so realistic but for me I think it's cartoon shit but I still like the game
Now all were missing is turbo dismount
Jack changed a lot. Who else misses the old Jack? Still love him though
And a man bun holy hell
As usual the video was great 👍🏼   (Love you Sean)
[upside down Jeep]
...I live here now. 🙁
Nebraska is all flat grasslands
May I ask... Why do all vehicles in this game have shit braking?
Joke of 2019 i live here now :p
You will hav a hella good time
will you be doing anymore lets plays maybe give days gone a try  or layers of fear2 when it releases
I'm so happy Jack brought this series back.
Wow this feels like old jack
Pit maneuver...
Play Sally Face again if another chapter came out
Can we get a officer Jack animation?
TAP ON THE  MORING MY JACKSEPTICEYE JACK JACK YES ALL THE WAY KEEP ON DANCING KEEP ON FLYING XD btw RIP green hare
Jack you have to play a plague tale its amazing
Can u do more tabsssds
JACK I SENT AN EMAIL TO THE COCA COLA COMPANY VICE PRESIDENT TO GET U A SPONSORSHIP
8:58 my girlfriend after i zip down my pants
More of this olez
Please use mods and the free roam mode
Please make the videos longer
Hey jack could u play my friend pedro again u played the  demo ages ago and it was AWESOME! pls do... tnx :P
You balled man
Jack when is the next part of life is strange 2
Hit people really hard 1:29..............1:42 Well that guy took it to heart
idk whats happening  but it seems fun
bad guy by billie eilish has entered the chat
What he’s playin this again after years of waiting thank you jack
Dude I love these edits
Nebraska! lmao if I remember correctly, the name said Arizona or something like that
Jack! Play Slime Rancher, there are drones and the new Mochi Miles Ranch, where SPEED IS KEY!
Not a fan of the outro but If you wanna change it then I’ll just get used to it
Kinder garden 2 demo is ou jack play it
Hi Jacksepticeye. I have a great Halloween idea for you ...

 You should re-dye your  your hair green
And have anti-septiceye  have purple hair because you guys are Opposite
Is it just me or he looks like a viking
We're is satisfactory
That 3 wheeled car is based off of the Reliant Supervan
Where's your signature green hair
Jackaboy! You should see if there are any levels with tanks
I'm sad because my gran dad died at age 70 dut im still  wicking
Play more OverWatch ple
3:30

DEJA VU!!!
Jack: I’m the slap that slapped back
Whiteboard: Oh really?
U need to play spore again plz
SPEED IS KEY YOLO BITCHES
you need to drink more coke and let everyone now how its zero sugar but got all the taste
i want him to do freeplay again
in life is strange 2 you can sleep with cass watch a tutorial on youtube
Goes off roading and doesn't realize that American drive like that on the regular when they have trucks
Oh god what happened to your hair jack
9:13
OWWWW! PINK LIGHTNIN'!
Silly jack there is no desert in Nebraska any more
After not watching for a couple years Jack turned into a man bun onoo
Yasssss!
Please keep making these ❤️
oml this music is ganna make me explode I LUV IT
3:12 looks like the car my Dad had 20 years ago xD
Bring back slime rancher
I'm finally watching a video of Jack from a 2-3 year break
You look like the guy off of Farcry 4.
jack im irish im iresh  
me ok i under stend that you are irish
“All you have to do is hit people really hard to win” sounds sort of like something TFS abridged Goku would say.
I’m from Nebraska
How long has it been
Dear Jack, I want to request something. I just want you to play some freeroam and do crazy stuff. Thank you.
Jack next reading your comments:-Whom do you like more Treeco or Agro(Eggroll)
Did anyone else think that the menu music was Pantera's Walk? No? Ok then
DO MORE OF BEAMNG DRIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes do more
Nice video man please can you play life is strange 2 I love watching you play it it's like watching a movie and ur commentary makes it so chill and entertaining
Jack is the GTA cops
is anyone else here getting gta 5 vibes. No? Just me? Okay... well then...
Driving in Boston Simulator
i like the music in the background
I really want to see jack design an engine and a car in Automation the car company tycoon game then import it into beamNGdrive and try to drive it
why sean where is stranger things 2 😭😭😭😭😭
Sean do a hate comments
i LOVE these videos
Jack pls make beamNG drive video a bit longer cause for me it's to short hehe
At 4:15 jack just saved his son from the man in the white van
I love this.
he now has more beard hair than head hair
hey umm jack i have depression and watching your vids cheer me up
More officer Jack!
Is that not bottle flipping as well? Plus next it be a new chair and cup
The first minute of the video is actually in Utah
Nice beard jack
I remember when jack had green hair🔥
"died at age 95"
omg Stan Lee was a bad guy not the leader of his heroes
YES!!!!
Please more skate 3
I’M CINEMATIC!
Rip he lost alot of viewers
I would love to play this bc i cant drive IRL or have a licenses
Wheres that sponsorship jack
Satisfactory
youve gotten old jack....
Custom maps and vehicles Jack?
The thumbnail kinda looks like a motorcycle
A Hat in Time@
Jack: oh this is too fast for me
Speed is key saying: am I a joke to you?
Top o' the mornin' to ya, laddies! My name is jacksepticeye and welcome to "Escape From Lavender Town" and I have no idea what to expect. I am here jack. I remember. It's time to die
So unlocky in 8:54😂😂😂 He should have got that if Jack dint Fall off the River
Its my birthday jack!
pls do free play!!!
yo i used to live off these videos
What I hear is "Sweet Jesus' Sweet Cheeses!"  Great new product opportunity there.
i love how we never have to say * i miss the old jacksepticeye* because hes same lol, maybe more loud
Do more TABS
God your voice is so loud... I hade my volume at 3. I started this and you basically screamed
I'm not trying to be mean and you can dislike this if you want but he looks like the yoga looking guy from watch_dogs 2
I need more clucksiro
Play more slime Rancher !!!
You should do freeroam with random senseless destruction
I completely thought the jungle chase was apart of initial d
More like this! :)
I never watched seen you for 2 years because I been watching other videos
Why is he so handsome... :'0
look its windows tada sound
Connor: Deviant? goes into chase mode
Can u tell us when is life is strange EP 2 coming out
In the beginning you were in utah
I haven't watched jack in a long time does he really do beamng vids again
Jack driving a car
Child: I’m gonna drive like him when I get older!
Mother of child: Don’t watch him drive!
Last time i watched you was happy wheels and youve grown so much and look so different
what did you say for your intro??
Can u do some more mods and maps?
Sup jacksepticeye I'm ur number one fan
Why does Sean look like a Skinny Jason Mamoa?
Where's life is strange jackkkkkk
Hi jack the cop haha jack
Are you going to play more TABS??
I miss satisfactory
TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY!
you are awesome
5:35 was that some kind of shade Jack?
Jack cut his hair
another one / gameplay. on this beutiful gameplay on my loveley Sean.
Sorry, did you say Nebraska?
Play more hot lava again
Jacksepticeye inspired me to play subnautica who else was inspired like if u were
Can you play it on PS4
0:42 out of all the states he could've chose he chose the fuckign coldest one smh
Play satisfactory
Don’t drink anything when watching jack
Water in ur mouth= water all over the floor
You need to play automation with beam, I would love to see jack’s car company
Jack you should just do the destruction part,your pretty good at that
I was trying to drink some straight ass water but then I LAUGHED and it all went through my nose.
Please do the stunts and just try to really f** ur car
evryone make the voice speed as fast as possible
Play some more forts!
Just crash stuff
Jack is the slap that slaps back. 😂
Can u play more life is strange
7:16
Jack: I did it!
Me: You didn’t do shit
Jack: I did it !
Nebraska?
Jack pit people have an update
I wish you did the 2 vid per day I loved that
Deviant?? DETROIT 2 confirmed??😂
Nebraska?
officer Jack?... hmmm, think imma need your badge there buddy boy
Destroy CARS
9:45 now this is podracing
You're not allowed to drive my car.
Omg jackaboy I miss you playing this game
I would like to see you play automation, make a car, and export it to Beamng
5:38 true facts right there
You should try out FiveM. I feel like you'd like that.
Guys I think they fixed the trending board
just wait for him to go in the mod section adding maps and Automation cars... that might be an infinite rabbit hole! (well there is only like 3000 cars but anyhow...)
i literally thought jack turned bald
1:13 Sean in his mind:oh no.....I think I killed him
Hi jack
I'm part Irish cause of my grandfather
Nostalgia
hey, jack you should play "i expected you to die" its a VR game, i think you like VR right?
This is a weird Life Is Strange 2 Episode 3 part 2
Play accounting plus
3:14 What Jack doesn't know is that that is an irl car (old Maruti Alto), and is one of the most common cars in South-India.😂😂
React to old town road
Middle of the rocky desert- "Where are we, Nebraska?" 😅
Yay, beamng is back
0:04 who else saw it
wait... does jack have a man bun???
You should title this video “SPEED IS KEY!!!!!”
Instead.
Where is the old outro? 
"Thank you guys so much for watching this video, if you liked it punch that like button in the face LIKE A BOSS, and high fives all around kpsh kpsh, thank you guys and I'll see all you dudes IN THE NEXT VIDEO!!!
Jack, your new look is absolutely f**king on point.
little easter egg at 0:03 I see you
You should play VR minecraft
Please play more user made levels
Jack bottle flips LIKE A BOSS, and destroys his car LIIKKEE A BOSS!!!
Why wont you say a good bad word no
A "sexual deviant"?
I guess you don’t love your fans then, really disappointed that you don’t love you fans😔
Wait why did you returning to beam not strike me as odd
Sorry to be annoying but MORE LIFE IS STRANGE 2!!!
Nebraska does not look like that, its all corn and hills i should know i live here
8:04
thanks
you should play mortal kombat 11, I've been told it's pretty good.
Officer jackiboi reporting to duty,  sir.
Do more drumming videos
I love me some Sick kids the books
last time i watched jack he had green hair and a scruff beard.... now he looks like he juuls in the school bathroom
Pretty much all of Ireland has subed to jack
Slime rancher up date please play
MOOOOOORE
More!!!
You should  get a gaming steering wheel
Please do a playthrough of a plague tale innocence because I really love your narration and direction when you do playthroughs of deep story based games eg Undertale Fran bow
please play life is strange 2
Nobody:


:Jack FM
Jack please use a controller it’s soooo much better
Is it me? Or did the intro, sound a little bit like "Coming Undone/Korn"?
Now I understand why this guy doesn't have a license.
What coffe do you drink jack? And how many spoons of coffe per cup dude?
Hey install the traffic tool its LIT. It's like bots driving cars
Gravity doesn't appreciate your efforts jack... How disrespectful to their rightful god.. Y o u lol
All the way
Noglista
jack, idk how, but there is a way to make it to were there is a test dummy in the seats
More life is strange 2 please
I love the car chases
It’s been a while since I’ve watched Sean and I’m pleasantly surprised
Jacka Boy! Have you looked into the Delta 6 gun-troller? Might be an interesting addition to your VR shooters
I don’t wanna seem like that fan but please finish life is strange 2
Wow jack you have a beard
Jacks last words "the next nudge will be my last though"
I just love the way he plays characters while playing a game. He is so funny, I love his personality.
you did it like a boss
Jack, check out Shinyodd.
2015, and they still aint fixed the physics??
7:54 I haven’t heard that one in a long time
Little bit late to the race with this game
You are not in star wars my dude
I just got a manbun
Yeah,I'm gonna take my car

to the old town road gonna 

ride till the fuel runs out

Yeah,I'm gonna take my car 

to the old town road gonna 

ride till the fuel runs out

Can't nobody stop me driving

You can't stop me driving

Can't nobody stop me driving

You can't stop me driving.
Great video!Please play Days gone!!!!
If you think that’s Nebraska
The hippie pony tail
Your lack of cap lock titles disturbs me...
What happened to satisfactory?
Beam ng drive in vr would be cool
All in a day of a life of a police man officer where did you go to school cause that is Harvord vocabulary
it says u got hit i think u know lol lol
That last one killed me! He crashed and is still escaping
As someone who lives in Nebraska, there's no mountains that big in Nebraska. We have big buttes, but no mountains 😂
More beamng drive
2:27 hit or miss I guess they never miss huh
HE WAS SELLING PEPSI TO ALL THE KIDS
I like it keep em coming
changed so much
Police man officer
That man in Utah, his dead
I love jeeps
I thought you could drift...
All you have to do his hit something really hard in life and you'll succeed Jacksepticeye Nobel prize nominee
I broke my wrist and got a cast today.,summer break is in 5 days and I have to wear it for 4 weeks do your vids are gonna help me lol
Play pubg mobile with me
"HIT PEOPLE HARD AND YOU CAN WIN ANYTHING IN LIFE" my boss sacked me and he didn't give me a promotion i'm not sure this is sound advice
I love the descriptions
As a resident of nebraska I'm flattered you would think that Nebraska looks that good and in fact isn't a boring expanse of corn fields
😭😭😭😭😢😢😢 damn man i still remember u playing 3 years ago with ur hat and screaming ma all the time and ur eye sam oh man time has passed friend and back then ur hair was brown the green now u have a pony tail bro time really passes by quick😪😪😪btw happy minecraft day
BEANng Drive
Thanks Jack I almost chocked on ice cream and chocolate sauce
The Pigeon is a reference to the Reliant Robin, a three-wheeled van made famous by the British TV sitcom Only Fools & Horses.
Hey man. Try read dead redemption 2 out. I think it might be ur type of game
Do you have a family? No? Well I did.
Sean Kamski
Oh No, we're go again
play Roblox lol
Jack please play more ravenfield they updated it alot
jack you arent doing the custom maps you used to those are the goodness plaz bring back all the dumb smashy maps
Can you find something survival mode
More cars go crazy
When Jack said at the beginning 'Stop right there criminal scum' my first thought was Stop! You have violated the Law! Pay the court a fine or serve your sentence. Your stolen goods are now forfeit.
I like the metal
1:31 Someone needs to face swap him with Chris Brown, that would be the big funny meme.
¨he died at age 95¨
Winner winner cup of noodles for fj
how can someone be so obnoxious
Hey Jack I live in nebraska and our schools got separated because the bridge broke in the 2019 nebraska flood and we lost our house and tomorrow were supposed to be getting  tornados so nebraska is weird weather
Just imagine him playing Skate 3 again
Please play Sad Statue by System of a Down on the drums pleeeeeaaaase.
Am I the only person who doesn’t know wether to say Jack or Sean?
Was that slow mo or real speed
odds are you wont read this but i'm changing my name but i wanted to keep an Irish name. Problem is i have no earthly idea how to pronounce it. it would mean the world to me to have my favorite Irishman tell me how to pronounce Múireann. Much love thx in advance
Play Friday The 13th The Game
14 on trending!
ANOTHA WAN
“You’re driving a coke can that a truck drove over” Jacksepticeye 2019
It’s been 6 years
I mean in beamng. drive cars should look like that but normally,... no
Jack u already made this joke
Jack play fallout 76 pls jack’aboy
IM BACK ON UR COMMENTS JACK!
I'm gonna take my jeep to the old town road I'm gonna riiiiiiide until I can't no more I got the wheels on my back
many other games that would benefit from just trying to be more like beam ng
Do tabs again
Hey Sean did you know that there is going to be a God Of War 5 next year
I live in Nebraska it’s basically all cornfields
After years of silence, OFFROADING BITCHES!!!!!!!! makes it's return.
Circa 2016 the only greener than your hair was your commentating skills
I know this is probably not gonna be look at by you jack but listen I really like your life is strange 2 videos and I want to be honest you always cheer me up when I watch ur life is strange 2 videos so if u can please upload the second part for episode 3 cause I have been having a hard time with a lot of personal things but when you upload life is strange 2 it gives me a reason to be happy and watch you.
Where we at Nebraska?  You were closer in the episode when you said Utah it's the south western corner of Utah and Arizona maybe you were thinking of Nevada.  Man I miss the red rock mesas my aunt used to own one and we would visit her there and camp!
PLZ MOOOOOORE
That police car chase was basically just the OJ Simpson chase without the Bronco
Hate the new outro
this is the new happy wheels
Pls do more beam by drive I have the game but I have nothing to do with it so I like watching other people play it (it’s a sad life but it’s mine)
More beamng!
that rock song that plays from the begining of the video, can anyone give me a link to that song?
When you know that your going to jail is when Jack and Conner are in a car
Have you ever played five nights at Mario's the beginning
What happened to satisfactory
8:10 to 8:15 was funny as everything was gonna be fine but later F$ck this because it does not work anymore
After seeing Draegast play this game a bunch it's kinda weird watching Jack play it.
I have not watched with channel for 3 months?
more beamng please
TABS
Tabs
I DARE EVERYONE TO PLAY RUNNING IN THE 90s WHILE WATCHING THE VIDEO!!!
when are you going to start with the senseless destruction like you always do i enjoyed that from the game
I`m starting a new youtube channel, do you have any tips?
Forget shumaker
Play Creative mode this missions are boring
jackheccticey
You can turn the police sound off by hitting M
epic
I like watching this game
Jack what did the pigeon car ever do to you
jack is a really bad po po man. he crashes........ ALOT
4:33 land cruiser that’s the furthest thing from a landcruised
Mmmm... reference of coke sponsorship
I haven’t watched u in so looooong
Tabs?
More sims four plz
0:02 Mr. Bean
Jack please play skate 4 when it releases
Its is my birthday  today can i have a shout  out
7:44 I mean it’s called the hopper
Yesssss
Moreeee beamng please
Do more
1:41 lad got turned into an absolute pancake
ITS BACK!!!!
Jack, is that tattoo on your wrist the rune for good health?
You've never driven a car before?  How good is the public transportation there?
Why don’t you do drum covers anymore?!
Jack please do free roam as well
Jack, what car would you buy if you got your license?
Is jack getting old? That's a lot of gray hair
“Is he gonna be a sexual predator tricky person anymore?”

Jack, sorry to say but I think Yellow Dino got to him first
remember when he faked a american voice
GG's Jack
Can there also be another life is strange video
9:45 Now THIS is pod racing!
The license plate is Toss Boy
I thought the intro metal music was going to be Korn Coming Undone
The first 4 minutes were my favourite because they reminded me greatly of the old jacksepticeye, the one with green hair!
Dude, the nostalgia is hitting harder than that truck hit ya.
BEAMNG
I want to see a Police car chasing a Police car
I'm about to see the new john wick lmao
I’m talking to my friend he doesn’t have pma
Hel yeah that was awesome
I forgot the reference.  It has been so long since you said sick kids to books what video is that from
Jack check out the other things like the free roam maps were you can cause nothing but destruction you’ve done it before you should do it again
More life is strange
It's like an app game called Car Smasher!
Congrats on 22mil
“Asking her who the father is, is like asking which bean caused the fart”
PLAY A PLAGUE TALE: INNOCENCE GOD DAMNIT
I really dont want to ride with sean at the wheel anymore
Forza is better
YOU HAVE TO TRY GRIP:COMBAT RACING AND GRADUATE DESTROYING EVERYONE
Please play rainbow six siege
And Jack can you please answer my comments in your future videos
Lol I’m from Nebraska 😂 but why was Nebraska your first guess when you saw a desert?
More crashy smashy :)
screw the scenarios just look at awesome cars in the steam mods page jack the scenarios get kind of boreing to watch there is still some funto have in that game just don't limit yourself the the stuff the devs put in
More please
I wonder if he'll do anything with the automation partnership stuff
That's not a land cruiser
The face he made when he drove off the bridge made me rewind multiple times and just sit there and laugh like an idiot.
Some old old Sean
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
It’s back!
Who else wishes these videos were longer? :(
9:24 the timing with the music is perfect
Why have you stopped swearing?
live
I live here now.
Since when did you get a haircut?
7:33 Jack. please don’t do it I need the money. YouTube COPYRIGHT!!!!!!!!!
Yes I love these vids
Jacksepticeye BeamNG drive 2015 re-runs
👀👀 am I the only who felt like this was a little too short but it also felt like off I'm not trying to be mean I've been watching jack since he made the far cry 3 videos I'm also high but like it still felt weird 😱
man it's good to here that sweet sound come out of his mouth hole at 7:53
Rd2
I don’t know why but I’m beginning to see Jack as the father from Far Cry 5
"You're not even driving a car, you're driving a Coke can that a truck drove over" 🤣🤣 The true question is- is it a coke zero??
ITS FOCKIN TIME AGAIN!!!
You mean “nothing is too fast for you”
ITSS BACK
"the next nudge will be my last" 8:55 well you werent wrong just not the way way you thought it would be
YEAH
Hey jack are you ever gonna play hitman 2 again
Last
im imagining some guy casualy driving along...... then all of a sudden, another car comes speeding along with its drive YELLING out of the window : ḦEY THERE, DO YOU HAVE A FAMILLY¨??
Keep this game coming jackaboy
Yeah,I'm gonna take my car to the old town road gonna ride till the fuel runs out

Yeah,I'm gonna take my car to the old town road gonna ride till the fuel runs out
Can't nobody stop me driving
You can't stop me driving
Can't nobody driving
You can't stop me driving.
Oneyplays did it better
Why did you grow a beard 2hy
My name is Connor, I am the sexual deviant in the area.
I broke my hand today and im pretty sure everyone in that car at least broke their hand so they have it worse
I miss carboys
Basement boy
1:14 pure fear
Y e s
Did jack get a new mic?
we all miss ur beam ng drive vids
TABS?
When he said Nebraska I’m surprised he knew where that was because I live there and no one ever knows where that is
A little nudge is all it takes to mess up someones day in BeamNG drive.
Bring back duck life
ITS BACK THANK GOD
I'm "flabber gasterd" Undertale joke
can someone tell jack what the pit maneuver is
i am watching this wit a coke in hand
The pigeon is representing the real life 3 wheeled car called the Robin.
Yoink
you look soo old
okay 3 moths ago i wached for the last time off him. then nothing got recomended or something so i didn't see what he was posting. now i see he has beard and removed the green from his hair. have never seen him like this.
Play TABS  plz
Play  Sally face again
DAT BEEEAAAAAAAARD
YEEEEEES
Bring back happy wheels
Sorry Sean, we don’t got canyons in Nebraska, but good try
Ok everybody dont hate me. In gonna say I dont watch Jack all of the time but does it feel like to anyone else that Jack is in a slump. I mean it feels like his content, to me atleast, isn't as good as it used to be. I still enjoy it but his channel has changed a lot. Just curious dont@ me
Please come to Oregon again
Jack looks like a Viking
yay Jack is actually playing games again
Hey Jack I got a game that might like to try it's called The First Tree, I know you get a lot of recommendation but I just want you to try it on/off camera.
Hi
YEAHHHHH BOI
OH SPONGEBOB WHY
Yay for us Irish
Azzyland likes you
CHILL
I Watched your first Beam NG when I was 10, Now I'm 16! Time to use what you taught me on the road!
i am so happy lol
Jack play don’t escape 4 days in a waste land like you agree
At 8:51 was so funny for me
I put the horses in the back
The big truck is the coke sponsorship and the car is jack trying so hard to get it
officer jack back in action
9:20 Look At Me I'm going to touch the butt!   9:25 He Touched The Butt
the van felt sorry for you lol
SPEED IS KEY!!!
Pigeon
So, how many crashes does Jack need to do to have a Coke sponsorship? How many?
As a suggestion, I hope Jack plays Don’t Starve: Hamlet as it was finally finished. He’s played Regular, Shipwrecked, and Together so!
9:18 proves jacksepticeye can have headaches but how is it possible
Can you shave a little and dye your hair green again your more handsome that way sorry
Not gonna lie... it’s been about a half year since I watched a jacksepticeye video... and... A BEARD?????!!!!! I love it
Time to say something funny in the comments™
I would say to the criminal slow   down little slug
Jack are you going to play more spiderman dlcs?
💚
00:37 Jack since I live in Nebraska I can tell you that its does not look like that here, Try Colorado
Y’all go to 2:56 and listen to how he can’t say three
I wish he still screamed at the top of his lungs in the intro that or bring a kangaroo in that has a tooth hat on a and say gday mate then cut to black and show that you’re now a wanted criminal on a slip of paper from the west with a cowboy hat on
More please
my grandma lived to be 96 and she lived a good life. she lived through both world wars and live though the American Great Depression but she went out in her sleep at least 😥😥😥😥😭😭😭😭
Lol use is non car guy no wonder he understeer and slams the brakes trying to turn with no ABS
Jacksepticeye for Elder Scrolls VI
Okay but... Is the handling in this game really this terrible or is Séan just THAT terrible at it? 😂
The heck happened to YouTube titles? Did all YouTubers get an email telling them to incorporate the game title into the video title fluidly? I'm seeing it everywhere now.
Please do other things besides campaign
Are you going to play more we happy few?
😂😂😂😂😂😂
So much red dead 2 jokes
how did you know?
Go back to crashing cars
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDD IIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Like if jack should dye his hair again
Why are some days Sean’s eyes are bluey-grey but others there diamond bright blue🧐
Finally more beam ng drive
All for the Irish lads
Ok but why did his fake police call have to be for a sexual deviant that seems weird
Wow i missed this game
Jack, if you flip over you, can just press Alt f4 to turn over.
Do fortnite
Speed is key
its been a while for me to watch jack so could anyone please explain the selling sick kids to books part?
I'm Bob ._.
Awsome
Play more Jack!
Hi I commented.
Like for red dead 2 gameplay
So jack now looks like Joseph Seed from far cry 5
0:40 nebraska isn’t like that at all lol, I live in Nebraska and there’s nothing like that, there are just mostly farms and rural areas here. Nothing like that. I found this funny tho.
bro u cant keep an like is strange series unfinished and start a new episode
Plz dont stop playing beamng. I love it. Everyone loves it
Sexual deviant? Do you mean Connor?
I think I’ve found the cause of global warming at 3:13. Lol
Like gta
Just to tell you jack you are in Arizona
haven’t been here for awhile, someone explain why his hair is combed completely back, he kinda looks like he’s been buzzcut
For the irish lads
Like so Jack sees this! 💕

JACK!
Could you please go to the "Upside down house" that will be open from May 18th?! It's in Brighton and it will only be open for 1 year! Please make a vlog about the surrealism?! 👏😊💕

(Who will be first, Jack or Pewds?)
jack if you need to stop someone hit behind their rear wheel with the bumper in front of yours it spins them out and even a pro driver cant stop it think about if you want them to turn you wouldnt hit them right in the back you'd rotate them so hit their rear quarterpanel
Do some of the crashy smashy levels like in the old beamng videos
6:24 there are starving africa in Books that could eat those children.
Ink sans
i will stop antisepticeye if you put this comment in a youtube comments vid
Is He GAY 9:21
Congrats on 22 million sub Jack, you’re just the BEST you tuber ever  and deserve each one of these subs....actually, you deserve an infinite amount of subs, anyways, your the best
The license plates and surroundings indicate that he is in the State of Utah on the first part of the video
Jack you should try Automation. You can create your own cars then port them into BeamNG and test them out.
Vroom vroom
I saw this game when he first played it, got it and it’s so great to see it again, fantastic! Thanks jack
good video!
Today was my last day of school im glad to be enjoying it with JACKSEPTICEYE
Jack go back to The Sims, Eviebot and Ravenfield please.
Sarcasm
Okay
Okay
Plss Try the PLAGUE TALE INNOCENCE!...
I smell pennies
Good game
Morevids
Yo sean how do you stay motivated, making YouTube videos? I guess millions of subscribers and dollars help. But when you first started out.
Jack, have you never watched Top Gear? The pigeon is a nod to the Reliant Robin, a 3 wheeler that I swear nearly gave Jezza a heart attack.
Your car should not look like that.......
So he's just pandering to children now?
hahahaha
Can we all just observe how much jack has changed since 2015😂😂
lol bustin a gut
Play GTA
I love bean ng drive videos jack
Nebraska has grass everywhere, well crop fields everywhere. It's not just rocks
come in big poppa
Jacksepticeye should upgrade to a heavy vehicle licence.
MR BeamNG. drive
Jack you dont know a lot about cars so it would be fun for you to play beamng combined with automation plz google it its supper epic gamer moment
You should play mortal kombat 11 with PEWDS
I'm from Omaha Nebraska. That first map is more like Utah or Arizona
bring back kebale space program
congratulations on winning Bottleflip champions ( agus is maith liom Felix, tá sé fear deas, ach is fearr liom Seán, tá sé fear go hálainn. Is aoibheann liom Jackspidicey ❤️🇮🇪
9:24 in sync
MODS
“I want to kiss it, I want to nudge it, I want to touch it!” Jacksepticeye 2019
0:03 mr bean
Cool jack cool
You need to download the monster truck mod jack it’s so much fun
At 0:03 why was there a mr.bean hmmmm-oh wait
But jack I thought SPEED IS KEY!!!!!!!!!!!
Please don’t talk about that STUPID song “Old Town Road”!!!!! I HATE that song!!!!
Nobody understands that this game your supposed to crash download a crash map and it will be amazing
It would be cool  i jack had a man bun a braided beard and was bulk and would be a true Irish Viking
ᴘʟᴀʏ ᴀᴄᴇ ᴀᴛᴛᴏʀɴᴇʏ
“Where are we? Nebraska?” Thanks jack for acknowledging my home
Everybody Gangsta til the Pigeon starts flying
Its to hard to quote everything in this video because everything is to quotable 🤣
Are you driving my 92 Geo Metro @ 3:14?
JACK!!! More Drum videos please!!!
Hey everybody I watching my first jacksepticeye video in a long ti-OH GOD WHAT DID YOU DO TO YOUR HAIR
0:01 Just like those auction salesmen.
Jack can you drive my teachers to school?
How about floss boy
Jack can you actually drive?
NO DON'T JUMP gets camera OKAY NOW JUMP asdf
LAUGH U CrImInAl ScUm
Now this is pod racing
Plz i wanna watch more life is strange 2 😭😭😭
Bill Nya's ur moms a guy
MORE BEAMNG
MORE!!!!!
I'm late
boop
Wow its been a while since I watched jacksepticeye hes changed a lot
Pls
Jack is the best and funniest YouTuber I’ve ever seen
Loved your bottle flip competition with Felix! Do more of that!
“Where are we, Nebraska?”
As a Nebraskan I can confirm this is the exact OPPOSITE of what it looks like
"You're not even driving a car anymore. You're driving a Coke can that a truck drove over."
And not even a Coca Cola Zero - Same Great Coke Taste But With Zero Sugar, Now With A Hint Of Added Vanilla can!
“This is officer Jack signing off.” Kind of like that outro when you play this game.
7:25... Doesn't it sound a little bit like Chase?...
Theorists?
Guys!


Jacksepticeye has






subs than 
Woaw that was fast*
I love u jack ur my fav you tuber
Το λάτρεψα 😍😍😍😍
I AM TOSS BOI
Ya! More Beam Plz!
Come and watch my stream, im trying to reach 1 million subs. before James Charles! i have already 2 , its easy
Me likey🤣
Can you play don’t starve together
WHY doesn't Jack have a license?!?! Is it an Irish thing? Is it a Brighton thing? ENQUIRING MINDS WANT TO KNOW! :D :D :D
you can download car tycoon and make your own cars that you can drive in beamng!!!(thanks for bringing back the beamng videos#!!)
2020
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Awesome video
who else came from pewdiepies shoutout video?
"This is way too fast for me." 
I guess speed is no longer key...
Me: Arguing with my wife
Jack's advice: 1:29
jack I miss ur old hair:(
Jack can you please make the vids a bit longer if you can?
As soon as he said "greece lightning " 9:13 for some reason the first thing I thought of was "AWWW PINK LIGHTNING" lol
I logged into the video and my ears are in their graves
Are you gonna play part 2 of lis 2 ep3
this is a cool series
My name is Jandré and I  am  9
Can you shout out my sister Mackenzie
Went back and watched your World of Goo series. Seems you never completed it. Near the end, you were mentioning how hard it was getting. Is that why you stopped playing it?
Anyone else think jack looks like kamski now
Jack I live in Nebraska and there is literally no place in the whole state that looks anything like that. It's literally in a region called the great plains. It's all corn fields and confederate flags
9:55 that's not gonna get you that coke sponsorship...
When tabs
Noodles can fix it
5:33 Gta police
Vanoss vs Jacksepticeye. Do a collab!!
Me fece
Flips the car 2x times breaking the front of it and bending the roof in 7 diffrent ways



Jack: It's just little dirty.
Jack: is he dead?
Also Jack: YESSSS! VICTORY!
Yess MY FRAVROT GAMMMMEE
Awesome gameplay! 😁😊😊
Slime  rather
Jack, I love your videos, but why have you stolen RTGame's title format?
2014 Jack: SPEED IS KEY
2019 Jack: 0:30
Cars ARE supposed to look like that when jack or toss boy drives cars
Do a setup tour
please do sandbox
Life is strange please
Why Jack lookin like Shia Labeouf mixed with Jared Leto?
Hey I asked you to play life is strange!!!!!
Oof
Oof
Jack. You could also try to take them out by just sticking to their bumper and flooring it. Pedal to the metal. And you can turn off the siren by pressing the M key.
Cooooooool 😎😎😎😎😎😎
Vanoss coped your intro
LIKE A BOSS
This video was recorded in PewDiePie's basement
Leave a like if you saw Mr. Bean!
Nobody:
 Jacksepticeye: beamNG drive?
Everyone: yes
It took me 8 mins of the video to realise jack was referencing robocop 😂
I love these so much😂 the ending was the best
The gif says “I understood that reference.”
I, however, do not....
can't you do this kind of stuff in gta?
this series in 2014 helped me find jack
Playing car games with a PC ”laughs in console”
Now that you're playing games you stopped playing before, maybe play KSP again too! Would be cool.
he just needs 8 packets of ramen
2:44 that reliant robin should be rolling over on it's side by that point.
Freeplay with mods coming back?
Officer Jack is on the case!
2:13 The vehicle is a Reliant Supervan, Jack.
0:58 Billie Eilish enters the chat
Jack not to be rude but can you change your hair to your old hair plz 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Play sandbox with mods plz
unravel 2 IS OUT !!!
AWESOME VIDEO JACK!!!!!!❤🤘✌👍🎉😄🎊🎆🎇 I loved it keep up the amazing work man anyway I gonna to go I hope you have a great day until next time bye!!!!❤👋🤘✌👍😄🙂😘( sorry for the short comment 🙇🙇🙇)
you tell them jack
Jack : Im the best driver and wont crash
Physic and gravity : hold my brakes
Jacksepticeye: The best nudge will be my last!
Me: Yeah, literally
completely red rocked desert not a single cow or corn in sight
 Where are we, Nebraska?
you should play freeroam with some mods
What a driver 😲😲😲😲 all them years of training Jackaaboiii and for this very moment 😂😂😂
I am pissed because this episode does not have "jack staring at loading screen".
I feel like Jack would really really enjoy drag racing and demo derbies.
now this... is pod racing
It's been a long time since I've watched Jacksepticeye and now he looks like a dang Viking
Jack doess not remember the pigeon from his older beamng days
Im so happy he returned the series
4:30 is it Felix
Think about this, but in VR
me and the boys at 3 am looking for beans soon to realize there are none
Jack Nebraska doesnt really have much red rock except out west. Nebraska is more of a great plains grass, water resevoirs, and crop fields. Red rock is more of Arizona. Love the video by the way
After watching Jack with those Jeeps, I now understand where had gotten all that bottle flipping practice for his match against Pewds.
Dear jacksepticeye I want to thank you for all the years you have been on YouTube Jack I started watching you when I was 14 I am about to be 19 you were there all the times I needed to laugh along with many other YouTubers but you are one of my personal favorites because you brighten my day every time I'd watch one of your videos you're always so happy and energetic and it inspires me thank you for being so funny sincerely Justin gallentine
sexual predator car chase??? must have been james charles.
Finally
Longer beam ng videos please?
I want to see you crashed stuff into other stuff that's what I love about this series
"I'm the best policeman - officer."


Ah, I see Jack is a man of taste as well!
I think i’d like to play this game
6:17 i've gotten word that pepsi is honing in on Coca-Colas turf, we can't have that
Jack! Please consider playing a game called Gris it has a beautiful art style and a meaningful message. Thank you! x
2:25 
Me:
game: "You Got Hit"
Jacksepticeye: WELL DO YOU TINK!?!
Also me:  But, that was my line Jack :(
(only people from Jacks other video "Cluck Clukc MotherCluckers" will understand this.....
well he didnt lie when he said this ludge will be the last one.
jack should of GENTLY NUDGED the small red car into a tree or into the water.
Day 31 of asking for Antisepticeye
OMG I HAVENT WATCHED SEAN IN SUCH A LONG TIME AND HE FINALLY GREW HIS BEARD LIKE HE ALWAYS WANTED
I missed this
Like = bring back turbo dismount
My face is normal i just dont know hoe to smile ps jack your my best youtuber also please bring back goat simulator
Hail Satan?
Good morning random guy scrolling through the comments
How?
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Another episode from JackStillPlays, keep up the great work! 👍
Everyone: Jack:

Me: why are all these idiots doing these types of comments.
{\__/}
( • - •)
/>🍪 Want a cookie? It cost a like!
Man, I'm so glad he's bringing the series back
🤡 this how the criminals jack caught look rn
i was watching his old videos when this showed up😂
A game you should try is sonic riders
This series is what got me to your channel jack, the old flying car days, when you still had your hat:)
Nabrasca more like utah
I love your vids “Sean Sensual Steen”
1:42 good music to my ears
there needs to be a Jackmobile that cant be flipped or wrecked XD
You are my daddy
I want more TABS!!!😣😣😣 Like if you wants more TABS!!!!!
There are so much memes in the comments
99 thousand views 9.99 likes wow
Tabs when?
Global warming is not an actual thing.... its fake.
Why isn’t this video getting demonetized?
why does it feel like the old jack is back.. i miss him
Jacks mind: hey jack lets ram a car
Jack: hell yeah

Physics and gravity: im about to end this whole mans career
7:30 
I'M Gonna Take My Horse To The Old Town Road I'm Gonna Ride Till I Can't No More.....
Me watching any other YouTube video: ah this is the perfect volume

Turn on jack: TOP OF THE MORNING TO YOU....!
Game: stop the speeder 
Jack: gladly 
Game: I meant you
it's M to turn off the siren
Edit: spelling mistake
He Knows old town road Yee-Haw!!!
I thought for some reason this was a year ago
Can you make this a series? I loved this
Lol Nebraska doesn’t have rock formations like that
If only the Game was 10% as good as the tech demo was
1:36 knowledge of jack
Jack please can you try Red Dead Redemption 2
6:29 so, what was that reference ?
Upload part 2 of life is strange
The game has automation compatibility. You could build your own monstrosity of a car if you wanted to
What are ya selling sick kids to books xD, jack do you mean selling books to sick kids
Thought he said patience is a virgin
im drinking a cup of tomato sauce
hello basement boy
speed is key to many things it seems
1:41 Mission Failed, We'll gotem next time ☹
You should download mods for this watch "spierstheamazinghd" he reviews cool mods for this game.
Ps love the vids
JACK IS THE BEST POLICE MAN...
WE SHOULD THANK HIM.
Music awesome, Destruction Best and love the videos
cinematic
my wife left me
"Sexual deviant in the area!"

What did he do, bang an inner tube?
I'm liking the background music!
One of my funniest jacksepticeye videos 2019!
Could someone post the music used in this video?
Jack we only want car crashing
I'm anty just past I was sinking in to depression and sudiel thoughts but jacksepticeye has help me to find the light at the end of the tune
Jackie boy with a ponny tail i like it
BUS BUS BUS BUS BUS BUS BUS BUS BUS
Jack vs gorn giant
Ah here jaysus, cars just explode when Jack touches them like.
Who says jacksepticeye doesn’t bring people together
No life is strange part 2? I know you've uploaded it (it showed in my feed last night) but I had to sleep! Was looking forwards to part 2 XD
Hi
You Died
ive seen the "sellings kids to sick books" thing, but i wanna watch it again, so would anybody be kind enough to link it for me?
JACK I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR DOING SUCH A GREAT JOB EVERYDAY ON YOUR CHANNEL AND I KNOW IT TAKES EFFORT AND WORK TO DO THIS ON A DAILY SCHEDULE 😀😀🤗👍👌
Jeremy clarkson COULD YOU FLIP ME BACK ON MEH WHEELS
Hey Jack... that looks nothing like Nebraska... but thanks for mentioning us in a somewhat non-offensive way 😂
Car:i dont feel so good mr jack
Jack:i dont care
I made the mistake of fast forwarding 20 seconds at the start at full volume...
7:54
Oh, the nostalgia...
Been a while since I have watched your vids you haven’t changed since day 1 well except the obvious hair 😂
This isn't life is strange season 2 episode 3 sponsored by coca cola zero sugar now with a hint of added vanilla wtf?
The red car😂😂
After "LAUGH" can we make "The Officer Jack" next meme please?
You should try the campaign called "sensless destruction", I think it might be right up your alley.
Also, you can download more scenarios as mods created by users if you get bored by dev content!
Damn man I miss his green hair xD
Imagine this in Vr
The most epic police chase scene will never be forgotten.
yay! my favorite game is back!!!!
Oh yeah old town road baybeh💕
Nebraska has corn not a desert wasteland
HELLO!!!???
Play more happy wheels
Hi
8:52
"the next nudge will be my last though"
yea you made sure of that jack XDD
" Hit people really hard, and then you can win anything in life"
😎😎
- Jackseptickeye, 2019
im dumb 😂
i legit thought the title was "CATS aren't supposed to look like this"
omg 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Phone was full volume and i had headphones on when i started this. . .shouldve known better😖
7:55 haven't heard this in a while 



Good ol' gta5 days
I'm so f"""ing happy you came back to this game! I love these videos they always make me laugh 😂
dude when will you and Bryan meet up again?
Jack: WHAT ARE YOU SELLING?! SICK KIDS TO BOOKS?!

welp if youll excuse me im off to deliver these sick children to my agatha christie novels
I think that if Jack was the police officer of my city I will NOT do any crime
3:30 if anyone else notices, he uses this same line in a previous BeamNG Drive video!

I only noticed it because it's one of my favorite lines lmao
Beam Engine🤯
Don't crash into the canyons of Nebraska.
This game is funny
Hi jack thanks for cheering me up
4 minutes ago, 1k comments, why jacks the best!
Commenting on every Jacksepticeye video to show my support (day 1)
Jack as a cop will only stop coke trucks to take some

He sees an unmarked truck pulls em over asks what they carrying
They say"oh just 50 tons of meth"
Jack: no coke?
Them: na sorry
Jack: move along then
do more do more do more
What about life is strange
Call me kevin > jack
Jack didn't censor the tiddies and still got monetized. What a legend
Finn at campfire: we can't change the past
Jack: but we can learn from it
Max: hold my camera
I'd trust the mom, but her name is Karen. She probably an anti vaxxer
Are we gonna ignore the fact that Finn and Cassidy keep calling Sean “Sexy” or “Honey”, like are they both hitting on him lmaooooo
(Also I was so happy that you could choose who you liked in the game, ooooooo)
I swear Jack is trying to tear their brother relationship apart and see how far he could go and how crazy he can get it!
I love how finn is casually flirting with sean.
Topless lady and not demonetised 





WHAT DO YA MEAN?!?
aw man i liked seans' long hair D:
i knew finn was into sean right from the start lmao, love this bi rep ♥♥♥♥
Daniel looking like Sasuke in the thumbnail 😂
4:28 Copyright Claim for Ocean Man Pops Out of Nowhere
FINALLY! Who else has been waiting for Jack to play this?
You accidentally smoked some more and then the game saved, watch later in the game there's going to be a running scene or something and Sean is going to start coughing in the middle of it and mess up.
“I’M SO GOOD AT WEED!!”


-jacksepticeye 2019
its so funny to see Jack so oblivious to Finn flirting with Sean and the potential they got! i totally ship them!
Kid "I’m NOT a kid anymore!"

Young adult "I’M STILL A KID T-T"
Cassidy is the name of my dog and every time he said her name he came running
Imo the voice acting in this game is just as realistic as the references.
Square Enix gets their games right so often
My problem with Life is Strange 2 is how useless the power is in the game and its boring plot. Literally the plot consists of Sean and Daniel's father dying so instead of seeing what happens if confronted by the cops, they are just running place to place with no value to them doing random activities that are meaningless and chatting, which is also meaningless. In the first Life is Strange, the story was more complex and interesting with time mechanics being intertwined with a tornado, meanwhile trying to discover what happened to Rachel with the player being thrown off track with a collective of shady and suspicious characters. Furthermore, Life is Strange gives the player a new time wielding mechanic that makes the game more interesting and unique, meanwhile also making the mechanic an essential part of the game to progress. This differentiates in comparison to Life is Strange 2 where not only is the power not given to the player, but the power has proven to be useless. It has not been utilized meaningfully with the plot and the fact that this is playing out so blandly ruins the game for me. Not to mention Life is Strange 2 has worse voice acting, worse expressions, and has a bland cast of characters. I couldn't care less about Sean and Daniel's relationship but in the first Life is Strange, the cast of characters are unique and intriguing and Max and Chloe's relationship is strong and makes the player feel attached to them. This is a bit of a rant, but yeah
Nobody:
Literally nobody: 

Jack: did i tell u about the great visuals in this one game 

Everybody: 🤦🏼‍♀️😂
Game: topless girl walks by  in game 
YouTube: ”oh jacksepticeye posted this we’re not age restricting this”
23:19 "I woke up, Im in a camp, I saw a topless lady... this is great"

Jacksepticeye - 2019
"1:33:25 That guy kinda looks like xxxtentacion."

-Roommate randomly coming in my room 2019
I’m not really feeling this episode that much. 
Just me?
Me: Huh
Someone: What?
Me: Nothing i was just wondering where Towely is


XD pls no hatë
Me: Haven't watched jack for a few  months
Jack: Gets a beard
Daniel is Atreus, realizing he has godlike power and becoming a colossal littleshit
Sean, your videos make me happy for the little while I watch them. Please don't stop making videos! I'd hate to loose such a big part of my childhood! 😊
Subscribed for Life!😆
jack: lets not get copyrighted
also jack: sings ocean man
me: mr beast flashbacks
Finn: it depends on the position  ;) 
Do you think my man is a top or a bottom? Imma say he's a top I would say switch but I think he has a preference
Jack: "'Roads. Rules. Wastelands.' I kinda wish they kept going with the 'R.' Just call it..." 
Me: "Ruins"
Jack: "Rastelands"
Jack.... My friend....  You need to watch The Flash on the CW. You'd love it.
It'll be better if you replace the Copyrighted musics with a non-copyrighted
Real Sean : That's cute. LAUGH
Video Sean : Aw, that's cute.

tHey aRe OnE anD thE sAme.
Finn's voiceactor is sooo awesome! :D Such a great episode! :D
"Look at the size of these trees. That's a big-ass tree!" 
Fun fact: Redwoods really are that goddamn huge. Well, the super old ones anyway.
Cassidy gives me hippie Evelyn vibes. While Sean...is Sean xD
IT'S THE PERFECT SHIpp-
Daniel complains about his brother spending too much time with his new friends, causing them to drift apart.
Sean: night bro imma stay and get a haircut
This playthrough gives me anxiety, I was so nervous for Daniel and Sean.
Daniel: Why are you still here?
Sean: Just to suffer
Jack 
When im sad i watch your videos to make me happy
Thank you Jack 
Thank you for making me happy when im sad


Thank you
Big joe: This ain’t no school bus.

Jack: Daaa wheels on the bus go round and round!

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Person: who are you into? Boys? Girls?
Me: yes.
your neighborhood bisexual female comING THROUGH
From the second Finn called Sean hot I shipped it hard but Jack keeps bro-ing them 😔
41:00 "Why are all the characters talking at once at the same volume"
Because that's what real people do.
I sometimes wish more games did that.
Jwck play the forest its an adventure survival based game
Jack is following the Viking culture.
I never know when people are commenting about jack Sean or Sean Sean it's too confusing
Team Sean x Finn assemble
“Ok i woke up,im in a camp and saw a topless lady.This is great!”

-Jacksepticeye 2019
1:19:27
I’m the Baaaaaaaaddd guy
dUh
I absolutely love jacks southern accent lol I crack up every time I hear it
OH MY GOD Hannah sounds SO MUCH LIKE CHLOE FROM THE FIRST ONE!
Sean, there's ton of Daniel-power -interacting-stuff. You just totally forgot about it until the river tree trunk part.
*Moves giant tree trunk*..."Im not a kid anymore"...yet your still 9 that didn't change anything LOL
I miss captain spirit:(
YESSSSS I FORGOT ABOUT THIS GAME AND I SCREAMED LIKE A GIRL!!!!
No one:

Game: He’s agent 420 with a license to kush. 

Me: I guess now isn’t the worst time to jump off of a building
Sorry but..

Older siblings: "He's a little brat!"
Parents: "Y O U. W E R E. TOO."
Older Siblings: 
“go off sister
 spill that weed tea”


jacksepticeye- 2019
I purposely waited for you jacka-boy so I can laugh and cry with ya :) your my favorite YouTuber lolololololol
Daniel : Why are you still here?
Me : Just to suffer
Jack (a second after) : Just to suffer
It Blew Me XD
Sean: auuuuu
Daniel: auuuuuu
Jack: auuuu
Me: AUUUUUUUU!
damn dude Daniel is gonna turn on you if you keep neglecting him
53:23 imean this is work for you, Jack, jussayin'
I feel like no one ever goes for the guy in a video game when there is an option, no matter what character you're playing. Oh well.
8:56 the QR code says: “work hard mustard big” 
Nice one devs
Me: wow I kinda like Sean's shag! hopefully, it won't be cut


Me at 1:39:16 : NNNOOOO WHAT HAVE YOU DONE??!
Nobody:

Jacksepticeye: IM SO GOOD AT WEED!!!
twdg and now this, i'm so happy to see more bi main characters :))
HE SAID TOP O THE MORNIN!!!!

YES!! OUR BOY IS BACK!!!
Called him a dickhead earlier

Gives him watch: WOW THANKS SEAN
Make the 2nd episode of this already JACK!!!
"I'm so happy I could just shit"

- jacksepticeye 2019
I low-key ship Finn and Sean more then Cassidy
I was so surprised when that Swedish guy came talked about Sweden, I was like what? Did I hear that right?
Edit: Their Swedish accent is so strong it's almost like i'm talking
Sad I couldn’t hear on melancholy hill the Gorillaz are my favorite band :(
When I saw Ingrid I immediately thought of a Skyrim character
Daniel: "No!"

Sean: "Daniel, I'm both representing your privacy by knocking but asserting my authority as your older brother by coming in anyway!"
That Daniel looks just like me now with long hair
When it says Sean for subtitles do u read it as Sean yourself or Sean as the character because you are the character
I love the storytelling with them as wolves. It's so cool and cute
Stranger: you can't blame everyone for your problems 


Chloe: Hold my cigarette and beer
Jack: You're terrific, Sean!


Also Jack: ..Thanks me.
Jack: can I pet the dog
Game: Ye-
Jack: YAAAAAAAAAY!
ANYONE ELSE HEAR HANNAHS VOICE IT SOUNDS LIKE CHLOE
I remember watching Sean when he played skate 3
I love that we can make Sean gay, but wheres my Bi love :(
I know Sean's secret power it's being able to draw without Hands
Chloe: you can't control time and nature
Max and Chloe in Unison: hold my beer
Damn, voiceacting, animations, and graphics improved soo much since the first game! <3 I would love to see the first life is strange remastered like that and with animations improved :)
When the girl said pennywise, I thought about pennywise the clown,  and then jack was like hey a George. That made me laugh a lot. Jack, you know how to make people laugh
Was legit pausing and relistening to the Swedish conversation.
N U D I T Y 
MY EYES MY VIRGIN EYES!!!!
I love the new Weed Inc. 2019!
Hannah is voiced by the same person as Lydia in Skyrim
Daniel has to be turning ten sometime soon as it's 2017 now. In the game.
Jack is John Wick confirmed he said they killed my doge
When did the dad get reincarnated
Jack: sees a topless woman and doesn't blur it
YT: "Yeah, this seems monitizalble"
Ps: im not saying the vid should get demonitized, im just saying

(Edit) holy crap, thats the most likes ive ever gotten in my life, thank you guys and gals
Sean: "He didn't really help."
Me: damn
also Me: Even if somebody else there had the power to reverse time and bring back their dad and home, only Captain Spirit has the will to save the Wolf Brothers... no matter how dire his fate.
This game is been my favorite since jack played this cool game
long way to Mexico from Humboldt
22:07
Night in the forest
Night In the Woods



HMMMMMMMMMMMM
"Daniel look it's the good cush!"
"This is the forest how good can it be?"
Doesn’t Hanna kind of sound like Jane from the taletale series:the walking dead season 2?
daniel said he would help but you clicked pick up alone so he left
Game: Hold up
Me: Waaaiiitt


Few seconds later,Jack: Hold up,waaiiitt

Me: CALLED IT! XDD
Finn comes to say: Hello ladies
Me: Shit not him
So Daniel was upset because Shaun or Sean wasn’t paying enough attention to him right?





Then JACK GOES AND IGNORES HIM AGAIN XD Jack no!

Edit: for those saying that the haircut is better for the story, yeah I didn’t know that and I was just saying that Daniel should get more brother time! So cute!
Still waiting for part 2 :/
JackSepticEye:Sean
DanTDM:Daniel
So That Means Jack Takes Care Of DanTDM XD
Can I see have many people watched Singularity MV before this 👀
I mean... thank you, YouTube improved their ads 👀👌🏻💕
At 8:14 After jack said hi Daniel I was hoping he would say I'm Connor the android sent by syberlife
“ always swipe right on yourself “
- jacksepticeye 2019
Jack: I want more games based in forests like this 

Minecraft: 👀
When your name is also Sean, Watching Sean, playing as Sean...
It says Jay watched this video








Is he gonna upload life Is strange 2 video
He's a sithlord confirmed this is the new star wars
16:41

Daniel: Why are you still here

Me: just to suffer



Jack: just to suffer

Me: 😱😱😱😱😱
Jack : "this is good so far"
Me : SO FAR!
I NEEEEEDSSSSSSS MMMMMMOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRE PLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 

thx :)
Yup jack “she is a good voice actor”
I can't wait for little man to go Super Saiyan
rest in peace to Sean's beautiful hair
Daniel was artreus (when he found out he was a god) now lmao
4:26
Ocean maan 🐳🐟
8:54 FUCKYOUKAREN!!!
Man you should have went to bed with Daniel because now he's more jealous
:Edit wow thanks for the likes
you have no idea how fast I ran to get my headphones
Finn reminds of Dutch 




We just need a little more money and 
everytime he says his intro i think of all the way remix
That perfect hair.....gone forever..

Oh nevermind the graphics just kicked in
I wonder if this episode is demonitization worthy?🤔🤔🤔






YT:
Dank weed?
Dank weed simulator?
Topless people?
No.
26:09
Wait, Snake owns a weed plantation in modern day California?
Hei Jack you dont wanna be a greeny boy again?
You could at least put royalty free music in, alittle, pweas. Awe it's ok I like the vid anyway😋
1:34:22
Me: *remembers life is strange 1*
Cassidy: so i'm like your muse? 
me: DRAW ME LIKE ONE OF YOUR FRENCH GIRLS!
Sean did you checked his power he..hes over 9000

Wait dumpster diving in New Mexico I live there lol
Daniel's going full on Dark Phoenix.
YouTube be like
Tiddies:
Jack's swearing:
Copyrighted song: YOU BETTER WATCH YOUR MOUTH
Big joe look like the bandit elite skin from rainbow six siege
Jack: I want more game based forests like this 

The forest (game): am i a joke to you ;-;
Sean’s gonna do a lot more than just draw Cassidy!?🤗🤭🤫😆
JACK ILL GO CAMPING WITH YOU 😂
Finn and wrench from wd2 would totally be best friends
Next day

Notification
Jacksepticeye
Me talking about the visuals of Life Is Strange 2
tbh i like how life is strange shows the 2 contrasting parts of how people live life:
1. living your life in the past and dwelling on it
2. looking towards the future and dreams for it
Demonized at 23:04
Jack: you're amazing Sean 

Sean: thanks sean
Sean: How old is she?
Jacob: She's nine years old now.
Poppy Gloria bursts in the conversation
Borger Harlow: JOIN THE NINE YEAR OLD ARMY!
Sean: Scares are sexy??
Me: yes...😶
Finally!!! I've seen other YouTubers posting their gameplay and I've been waiting patiently for yours. Cannot wait to see what you got into.
Topless lady: YouTube ignores
Copyrighted music: YouTube takes down

Yup makes sense
Penny will die soon he looks like xxxtentaicon
I just realised that Daniel was wearing mushrooms bandana😭💜
How is this not age restricted. Keep up the good work sean
1:02:40 we only have one planet

Elon Musk: YOU DARE QUESTION MY ABILITY!!!!
Nobody:

* hanna walks in topless*
m a n. sean looks like my crush now,,
Pick Daniel use powers at the end of next episode ok thank you
IM SO GOOD AT WEEEED
“Go to” 
changes accent 
PoRTo LoBOs





Edit: I hate some people saying thanks in a corny cheesy way so, cheers lads 🥂
I reallyyy want you to go for Finn,  not to force or anything
Hells yeah. Come to Louisian- 
That’s...... not how you say New Orleans. ☹️☹️☹️
Big Joe:”This place is a cell killer!”
Me:”yeah..? And you’re the buzz killer..”🤔🤐🥴
Life is Tumblr: Time for Politics
Never has anyone been this earl- DAMN YOU NOTIFICATION SQUAD
I just saw a 6 y.o wife meme, wearing #6 shirt, and now listen to a guy that has 6 y.o sister




nvm, just continue scrolling
Cassidy reminds me of my old friend. Both free spirits
i ship Finn and Sean tho TT
14:25 jack ese es mi hijo means that’s my son
I’m not trying to be that type of person but I think most of the choices you made were bad for the future and Daniel. Everything you do effects Daniel.
1) Since he saw you take weed, he might start taking weed alone with Finn.
2) He thinks you don’t trust him so he won’t trust you and do things by himself which might lead to a failed ending.
3) Not following him to sleep makes him feel alone and probably would make him feel like he’s embarrassing you.
When I saw the topless lady my reaction was this is demonetized
Rife rs rtrange rwo (words' 1st letter is R how you wanted Sean)
OMG I WAITED TOO LONG FOR THIS
Wait, is Big Joe the new bandit ELIT SKIN? 😂😂😂
Hello person Scrolling through the comments 

Have a nice day :3
So,Sean is playing as Sean...

Basically you're playing with yourself😂😂😂
From Louisiana 






Sean: new Or*LEANS*
Me: No
Go and find that foot licker.

*sips coffee like a boss (like a real boss)*
Whoa, Jack be careful! BigfootJoe might transform into Kratos.
Are you still in Felix basement Sean?
jack pays NO attension and forges everyting
Yes I've been waiting for this!!!
Game: cant replace copyrited music
Also game: Ten Whole Minutes of cutting Buds.
"Dan The Man Has A Plan"




........ okay I'll stop
1:17:18 Jack asked "am I part of the team?" and Daniel said "Yeah"
Choose stay: "I'm gonna walk alone now?"

Choose go with daniel: "you don't have to go with me you know"
That was probably the best Pennywise impression of ever heard
when you realize jack posted more life is strange 2




why wasn't i here when this got out
But Finn! Must know more about Finn! He is such a cool dude!
(Read this in a Jamaican accent)
The ganja made daniel stronger man
This is my favorite series of your channel
Jack:dan the man is here again


Me: Dan the man has a plan
BILLIE EILISH REFERENCE “DUH”
Who else has been like, "When is Sean gonna upload more! I'm so ready for it!" 😂
New ship, Sean x Finn
IM READY TO BINGE WATCH
nooooo, Sean’s luscious locks 😂
Jack sounds like Mater from cars when he makes that southern voice.
I saw a comment on a different video of yours and it said "Jack you are now starting to look more and more like a Viking by the day" 😂😂
Jack what has happened to you
I adore this game. Not only because of the AMAZING story line of it, but also because the Game Makers decided to tell the story not only with the people you play but with wolves being the main characters <3 makes my Wolfie heart sing! Love the videos and the game. Lots of support! <3
Cassidy is cool and all but lyla is the waifu
When they mentioned my state I felt honored but then she mentioned the weather, which is hot as hell constantly.
I love the atmosphere of this game. The campfire scene made me feel as though I was there. It was so cozy and quiet. Cassidy also adds to the family aspect in my opinion.
Beside the good story, I'm just enjoying the swede couple with Anders talking swedich  1:25:33
jack looks like Kamski xD
Notices the half nude woman at the beginning. 
Wait a second, what?
Penny sounds like Daryl's brother from The Walking Dead
You should edit in ocean man whenever there’s supposed to be copy righted music playing
So weird to hear video game characters talk about Portland Oregon that's where I live
Jack its not called a bloody outline its called a rough sketch
16:47 i said just to suffer right when you did
Damn Sean’s recap at the begining always makes me cry
* Gets tissues * 

'Aight, wheres the heartbreak in this episode?
YESSS I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
Chooses Intervene:
Sean: Hey... That's not cool.
38:45 

Jack: He better be really big, or I'm gonna be super disappointed
me: whispers to the side thats what she said...
43:09 when I start to spill tea
Is this what finn and jake from adventure time turned out to be haha
When is the next episode of Sally Face? 😭
Thank u I been waiting for this
1:35:08  saving my spot
Jack: Should I sensor the half naked lady? Nah SCREW IT!
Imagine picking a haircut over your little brother. smh
Life is strange 2, but it has red dead redemption 2 graphics. That would be insane
I love the Shazam reference.
Amazing video jack keep up the good work and I’ll see ya in the next video
Great vid, man. Also, any fellow Californians out there?
No offense, but I get a feeling that Daniel is going to turn evil bc of the choices he made toward Daniel this episode......He was pretty rude to Daniel at the knife throwing at the camp, he was pretty mean to him at the lake, and he didn’t walk him back to the tent.....He didn’t listen to him at all....I can see Daniel getting fed up with his brother and exploding at him and just go completely psycho.....
I fear Daniel is gonna grow resentful of his brother in this playthrough....I really hope he doesn’t, I want the best outcomes for these characters.......
THIS IS WHAT I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR!!!!!
Sean's new hairstyle reminds me of Aladdin
9:51 

lets see the teacher's  parent
Why was I lowkey shipping Finn and Sean.
Life is Strange is an amazing series and game.This is amazing content !!!
19:45 
Pet: SLORP SLORP
Jack: ew wtf
Pet: looks up oh, does that bother you hooman? That deeply pleases me.
“It’s the hair cut”

ALWAYS THE HAIRCUT

THEN THE TUDE
the haircut is bad and like. go for finn.
1:35:07 sounds like a Dutch reference from red dead redemption 2💀

Edit: all we need is some faith and money
I love Finn, he was flirting sooo hard. If I ever play the game I'm getting these two together ngl
If that's even possible lmao
I mean.. Daniel likes him too so that's one perfect little family
He sounds like last the cable guy😂
"I'm always swinging,  sweetie!" Finn, you're a pansexual mess, and I'm living for it xD (disclaimer, I do not know if Finn puts a label on himself, but for the sake of making it pretty ambiguous just like he is, pansexual was used here to make the comment more fitting <3)
1:38:00 He's like, DAMNIT! 
He thought he was getting a hair cut from those 2 girls or one of them. :3
Nah F Daniel... I would have left him for dead
If Sean and Cassidy are a couple,
What would Lyla think about this?
Gotta love LIS2 
Dad is cool
Game: kill him
Mushroom is cute
Game:kill her
Layla is cool
Game:Push her out of the game
Sean will have the high ground during the last episode i guess XD
14:45
He knows so much about teenagers.
Dan the man is here to throw your van
Who else has been waiting forever for him to play this? I missed this so MUCH! 😩❤️❤️
Age restricted based on community guidelines
I,m gonna get you Doug
1:35:07 Red Dead Redemption 2 Dutch Flashbacks
Sean is 17 years old. *smacks the whiteboard and yells: "MATH" *
Jack forgot to say he featured mator from cars
if daniel is 9 and there is an 8 year difference, sean is probably 17
Oh helllls yeah! I've been a fan since 20.000 subs; not gonna lie I don't watch every videi by any means but I do watch a lot of your videos even if I don't like the game or concept just because I like your vibes
Jack:Howled
Me:Time to get swifty
I LOVE THIS SERIES I HAVENT WATCHED JACK IN A WHILE BUT IM BACK BABYYYYY
i was wondering about this 2 days ago, it took too long.
I'm so weird, When Finn guy asked Sean to take a puff of the weed I shouted "N o" now everyone's looking at me weirdly.
Sean sitting here looking good with his man bun. A+ man. A+.
I really want to buy this game just to make him draw Finn. xD
Jack makes terrible choices: episode 8

Aw shit, here we go again
What happened to you drumming
I love this game but high key miss Max
Ugggggggh I want jack to choose gay for Finn
Jack do more life is strange 2 plzzzz
who else has been checking everyday since march 26th for this video? 
no?
Just me?
ok.
Danial is turning into Atraius from god of war good,bad maybe good
Someone make a remix of Sean singing weals on the bus
omg happy i waited for your letsplay
NO I DONT WANT THE EPISODE TO END 😭
Ngl, the Finn storyline (love interest) is so much better than the Cassidy one. Lol
Like so Jack sees this! 💕

JACK!
Could you please go to the "Upside down house" that will be open from May 18th?! It's in Brighton and it will only be open for 1 year! Please make a vlog about the surrealism?! 👏😊💕

(Who will be first, Jack or Pewds?)
After a slow day I need my intense jackiboi
32:22 IM FUCKNG SHOOK I CANT WAIT TO SEE THIS OKAY OUT SHVSKSHSBWHW
Daniel has some power just imagine daniel bring a asteriod down to earth
Very weird to hear "Cassidy" in this game, I haven't heard my name in a game before.
Really love these videos jack keep it up
23:05🤯😳🥵😏
Jack:am I part of the team
Daniel:yeah
sean is 16 i googled it
Everytime jack says Daniel i keep thinking of "I'm connor" 🤣
Yessss it’s back finally
oH SO MUCH MORE IS GONNA HAPPEN, SEAN. JUST YOU WAIT.
He seriously had to pick the tree trunk up to get to the other side? Couldn’t just climb over? 🙄
Wow a new episode of Life Is Strange, I can't wait to see this.
23 minutes later... 
Nude lady appear
Dont worry Daniel,just slow down!

2 seconds later

IM WAY EFFIN' BETTER THAN YOU!
can Daniel fly around
The big trees turns out his on kashyyk
Or my dad will punch you😂😂😂😂😂😂
nice videos jack! keep up the good content.
1:20:42
Sean: He might have been your father, but he wasn't your daddy
Too soon?
Penny looks like he has macaroni hair
Daniel's catchphrase should be "Yeah baby Yeah!"
:( i wanted finn & sean to get together 🤧🤧
It bothers how at 1:24:00, Daniel kinda sorta looks like Max
I've been telling him to play this for AGES! Who else has been wanting Jack to finish the series
YouTuber has no time for YouTube
Easter egg; the QR code on the mom's card says "work hard mustard big".
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be that hard"
Said no guy ever
sniff sniff
I SMELL A SUPER VILLAIN
Hmmm I'm not a fan of Cassidy, she's an interesting person/character and all but... I don't know.
jack singing billie just made my day.
Just dub over non copyrighted music. 🤷‍♂️
best gameplay for me pretty cozy!!
Please don’t do anything with Cassidy!😭 I like Llyla!
Jack: I’m so good at weed!

Neighbor: umm... 911 I think my neighbor is high on weed?!
20:00 My boy looks like Roderick from Diary Of A Wimpy Kid 😂
Yes plz make more of this and keep the series going yyyaaaaa!!!!!!!
when jack said that he had his coffee w him i paused and made me one, lol
yo i kinda wanna be friends with cassidy. she seems hella chill best friend );
I desperately wanna see Finn and Sean together. Also Finn is oddly attractive for a video game character
6:18 with him going to something called FAILURE AND GUEST no wonder he thinks he sucks at art.
originally i didn’t think Sean was that cute,,,,,,BUT THIS BITCH GOT MY HEART NOW WHEW
1:38:44 best part😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
NOT A HATE COMMENT!

Jack your a fool you should have gone with Daniel to remake your brother ship
i lost it when we first saw hannah 😂😂
ok ik this is probs weird vut your voice is really southing with headphones in
ik I had this comeing watching ur channel BUT IM ONLY TEN XDDD
i pick up on the sUbTlE flirting coming from finn and look up the too of them (sean and finn) and it's just tHeRe and gAy
I wish you’d picked the option where Sean said he thought some boys were cute. Sean and Finn are so much fucking cuter than Sean and Cassidy ☹️
According to other videos he could somehow get a gun and do something
jesus where did all these characters come from
Aw man I want Sean and Finn to be a couple
Why didnt the skeleton cross the road?







Because he didn't have the guts
Finn is hands down my favorite character (':
DO ANOTHER EPISODE OF THIS!!!!!
One of jack's videos on life is strange is privated. I wonder what happened for that
I really like how the brothers interact with each other, it feels so real
Bruh what happened to dad’s voice
Really wanted to see the rest of the story so I thought to find another gameplay and then I realized this game is based of choices and someone else story is different :( So I am patiently waiting for your next video. Also, kind of wish you would have went back with daniel because he has stated so many times that you always want to be with your friends instead of him.
PleASE DON'T MAKE DANIEL THE ANTAGONIST DDD:
oh no what happened to his hair
who else got the ''I'm a bad guy'' reference? bright burn
43:00 3/4 of an hour into the game... O.K. Roll Intro!
So were just gonna ignore the naked bittys?





Ok. 😐
Jacob kinda looks like Post Malone
“Everybody has value, you need to figure out what that value is in people and learn from them” 

~ jacksepticeye 2019
i really like this epsoad nice trow bro
Hi jack sorry I might need to catch up GREAT VIDEO have an Spectacular day!! cya later
Me: man i wonder when jack will go and play life is strange




jack: so we are going to play life is strange ep 3




Me: wow its been 6 hours
jack sounds like tow mator from cars
Why does Jacksepticeye look like Kamski from Detroit
I love how they can put a topless girl in the video but cant have music without it being copyrighted
1:22:18 1:24:07
Darth Vader wants to know your location
I think Hannahs and chloes voice actor is the same person <3
The voice actor for Hannah is the same voice actor for Max caufield in the first one
It’s triggering me that they don’t put accent marks on the Spanish subtitles.
"Not until I get a signal from God." Well... Jacob. Talk to him in the meantime. He may not answer right then and there, but he will answer in his own PERFECT time.
Since when did Séan become Larry the Cable Guy
I see you’re going for cassidy in this gameplay, could you pretty please after this one make one with finn’s path?:)))
Edit: I’m not saying everyone needs to watch, if you don’t feel comfortable don’t. I’m saying, Jack continues this gameplay with cass as he wants and then after he’s done everything, do a separate one with finn, like he did with detroit choosing all the bad choices^^
PENNY LOOKS LIKE A FORTNITE SKIN!!!!
Man I really don't care what anyone says but i'm sitting here like Daniel=SUPERVILLAIN
OMG JACK KNOWS BILLIE IM DYING
YEEEEES FINALLY
I wish I had a group of friends like the end of this episode. Honestly, I cried. One day, team. One day.
Jack: Plays Weed Empire Simulator
LiS2: Hold my beer
23:04 DEMONETIZED
Hannah sounds a bi t like chloe
Do more darn it
11:27 nuggies (hard) for going into his room 15:28 go's into Daniel's room when Daniel said not to







WAIT A MINUTE
I am Vengeance
I am the Night 
I..AM....
Daniel
1:19:27 "I'm the Baad Guyy... DUH" I SCREAMED I love Billie Eilish and the fact that Sean knows of her just killed me haha
I hate to said this, but i miss lyla character👉👈
Sean should be 17 by episode 4.
Day 1 of thanking Jack for his hard work
1:18:02 "how do i anything?"







Same.
That first flashback where Esteban says "I can't do this alone" Really hits hard for me. As the eldest kid out of me and my sister, with a single dad, it really is hard to be in that situation.
Down to the elder kid frustration, the younger kid being a agitated and irritable along with the "I don't want to grow up", it hits so close to home it's not funny.
But yeah, it's, really relatable, to me. It kinda hurts in a way. But yeah.

Anyway. I like your playthrough, JSE, I've enjoyed it a lot, and it's nice to see everyone's unique reactions to it. It's nice. Hope it continues to be awesome as it goes on.
1:17:19 jack: am I part of the team Daniel: yeah
1:05:45 she looks like mia khalifa
Sean you also have the chance to go with finn it doesn't have to be cassidy
Jack: okay
Hannah: okay
23:05
lol emagine if there was a fire.  everyone in the near erea would be high lol
The Finn "storyline" is more interesting but Cassidy is pretty cool too.
How is this not age ristricted
what ?0:01 your name is Jacksepticeye ? i thought i clicked on greenpewdiepie61
jack: come on sean u looked better me: yeah jack I mean sean u looked better ha gothem did u get it?
Jack the reason why you cant find daniel after picking up the water tank is because you chose to "pick up alone". The choice would've changed if you just waited for Daniel.
Jack looks like Kratos minus the tatoo on his face
Heya Jack! I know this isn't related to the video, but I have a game I'll think you'll really enjoy. It's called Dark Deception, you can get the first chapter for free on Steam!
"meow"😂
Season 1 manipulating time and space, Season 2 real life simulator
These characters are so good
It’s so empty at the start of moving around
I forgot the main characters name was Sean and I got really confused for a second there
YES FINALLY THE GAME IS FINALLY OUT
Cut Weeds everyday
Sean is 16/17 years old.
‘Not a single F. Not a single Father’ I genuinely spat out my tea
I don't care who covers this game...there is no game player better than JACK. I would wait for jack to play this over other channels!!
All of a sudden Daniel starting to look a little like that kid from that upcoming movie "Brightburn."






Fun.
Nudity: Exists

Hannah: It’s free real estate
age restricted woo
Ah this episode hits home I was born in Humboldt.
Finn and sean have great chemistry

I hope we get to see more of them together 💙💙
that billie eilish reference 👁
I go for a month, come back and you have a ponytail and a long beard.
God?
Did anyone else catch that Hannah said she was from Arcadia Bay and was kidnaped by some crazy guy
oh shit


car alarm noise
Jack- "TOP OF TE MORNIN"

Me at 9:24 -"I'm still a peace of garbage
I really rather have the music, it feels like we're missing part of the story, part of the journey is through the music
Noo I liked his hairrrr
"I don't know might be the milkman's"
i guess you could say he make some milk that night
MORE!!!
Me: Hasn't watched any of Jack's playthroughs of this game

Also me: Let's watch this episode and not get a single reference
1:22:10 thought he was gonna split an atom in half and nuke the place
2018 part 2
your man bun is coming along nicely  :-)
See does anybody know there running from the cops😑😑😑
I JUST woke up and I immediately watch this. I REGRET NOTHING
Edit: I am sad we can't hear the songs . Cause actually I love the songs
I hope Sean's power will be like Photograph, like he memorises the picture and draw it on any thing
does the animation seem a bit sloppier than usual? Like, lower quality. idm it but.. yea
" I wanna go camping with my friends"
friends? What friends?
dirty hippy! dirty hippy! sean mcgloflin 2019
I was waiting for a "HI DANIEL!" for a full 8 minutes
Jesus is the truth, the way, and the life. :) THAT is the truth. Some people need to find that, sure but it does not change.
Just saying, I've worked trimming weed for a family friend (I live in Oregon) and it wasn't nearly as shady and dangerous as this place....the clipping gameplay was accurate though 😂😂😂
It said pick up alone or together
It must be cool having the same name as the main character in a game!
41:00 i love how you can hear the swedish couple or friends argue while the Guy is speaking swedish and she is speaking english...🤦🏼‍♀️🗿 (i’m swedish:))
DID JACK JUST REFERENCE A BILLIE SONG
When he chose to get a haircut instead of to stay with Daniel I got pissed, because Daniel literally just said that Sean is not spending enough time with him. Stupid tbh
O like penny voice
awe i wish you drew fin to make the gay romance! now i need to play to be as gay as i can
Jack: I’m the bad guy
Me/jack st the time time: duh
Me: 😂
And Finn reminds me of my best friend 😂
1:35:00 Ok, Dutch 👌
Wait is it just me or does Finn sound like Micah bell from rdr2?
Ah no cola cola with zero sugar but same taste with a hint of vanilla
1 hour of jacks voice no ads my dream
YEEESSS! I WAS SCREAMING WHEN I SAW YOU UPLOAD THANK YOU JACK!! AAAAAA
Humboldt is only 2 counties over from where I live it's nice to see a place in a game that I've actually been to
Can't wait for episode 4 and 5
EXCUSE ME.. DO YOU LISTEN TO BILLIE SEAN LOL
Pls go camping and vlog some leave out the part where u getting hammered
FINN IS REALLY BEING NICE TO SEAN HE SEEMS TO BE A COOL GUY 😎
I really wanted Cassidy to say, “Wow. You got my sexy knees too.”
50:04look at Cassidy’s hand
Big joe looks like the bandit elite from rainbow six siege
men, sean(in the game) is such a furry! isn't he
You didnt get the worst nor the best ending you just got the neutral endings jack from the last episodes! Though major things are in a split screen dicision theres also small things butterfly effect
Eleven I think we found you a boyfriend 1:24:23 season 4 new character I feel sad for mike
Will you play unraveled 2 with me when it comes out?
Powers out at my house
is it just me or is sean slowly turning into kamski from d:bh
not a knock on sean but i really wish more people would go the finn route. i feel like he is really under appreciated.
2 Brothers Weed Farm Simulator
It sounded like the topless girl said "lotter" instead of water xD
I played this ep too
and it was amazing
Nobody
Not a single soul
Yoda: Strange is life
I made the joke ‘Racelands? More like RacistLands’

I died laughing
Did anyone else realise the NYC UK. Shirt was a uncopywrited Santa Cruze shirt cause seans a skater
The "I love you Lyla" from last episode (I think?) really still hurts my heart. There were moments like that with Sean when Daniel was practicing his powers and the brothers were butting heads. I dunno what it is about Sean's character, but when shit hits the fan, the way he reacts always melts my heart in a good way.
Jwck play the forest its an adventure survival based game
Sean  and Daniel‘s relationship is like me and my brothers just I’m Daniel
Jack is starting to look like Jesus from TWD
26:03 no censor? YouTube is gunna keeeeyal you.
sis coulda made sean queer
YEEEEAAAAAAAHHHH
Karen Diaz didn't take the kids.
daniel if you don't stop i'm going to mf slap you through the screen
Penny: Oh my god it’s a ufo
Finn: they’re finally here to take you back
News reporter: these people have never been found again last place seen is at the forest
RIP
"Please dont tell me there isnt copyrighted music here"

Gets a muted ad

Me: am i a joke to you
idk if its bc im slightly in love with finn but i low key wanted sean and finn to hook up
Jack: "I get to play as my boy Sean, I get to play as myself"

THAT'S WHAT I WAS THINKING!!
Has anyone else noticed that finn looks a little bit like  6ix 9ine? Or is that just me🤔
1:07:42 “pick up alone”
Jack: “WHERE’S DANIEL!?!?”
Wait, how is the dad back, i thought i saw episode 2, did i miss something?
1:02:40 preach it! There's no planet B! 🙌♥️🌍
Jack/sean ur the best youtuber ever
I need more of this!!!!!
Shampoo is something you put in your hair when you have a shower
Aren’t people noticing this?  Sean’s “Squad” shirt has a wolf in it.  So it is pretty much saying wolf squad and the brothers are “wolves”!!!!!
im the bAaAaAaD GuYyY.....




Duh
PLEASE PLAY A PLAGUE TALE: INNOCENCE!! I think it could be a really cool story series! Like Detroit!
Daniel be like
Daniel: oh what is this
I lovve Seans haircut
Jack "I don't have time" the video is 1 hour long
This whole no music thing is really ruining the immersion for me.
FINALLY!!! I’ve been waiting for this for so long! Thanks for the upload!
Jack just went all rafiki on us there at 1:34:23
Why is that when you think the woods are a bad place to stay in but where they live right now looks and feels cozy. I don't know why but it does
Sean looks like Rodrick from Diary of a Wimpy Kid @ 19:52
The haircut is awesome.
No one:
Jack: They have a really familiar voice
19:11 that bird sound is real, and super common in the USA
Who just tries to think of the good old jack like evie bot
Looks like Karen didn't take the kids
You know, for a weed farm, all these people are pretty damn uptight. Lol
*Grabs tissues



*ok,where is the sadness in this ep
we better see lyla again 
her and Sean are the cutest
jack asked how old sean was so i searched it up and he has the same birthday as me and is exactly one year older and this is the coolest thing to happen on my birthday aside from it also being the date at the beginning of detroit: become human
Cassidy does have those nice thighs and any option relate to her I pick it.
How is this monetized?
Hi Jack. I have loved your channel for years. I started watching when you began ur skate 3 series and I was hooked after that point in time. I stopped watching around 2 years ago but I've come back to thank you for many years of enjoyment in this ever changing world you've given me, and hopefully the same for many to come. Best of luck in the future Sean, and dont forgot about who you are as your channel grows as you are on of the few creators I can name who haven't changed with fame and I can respect credibility that that.

 See you around and stay positive!
44:59 mr.hankie on south park
Does anyone think he looks like Joseph Seed or John Seed
Well that haircut doesnt fit Sean 🤨😋
Come through with the Billie Eilish reference
I know we're all obsessed with Cassidy, but what happened to Lyla or Jenn?
these games won't work unless they have several plots like Detroit, otherwise people will just watch them instead of paying for it
1:41:46
WHAT ABOUT BOTH?!?!?!?!!?
I wish you chose Sean to go to bed with Daniel. Since, he said it that he wants more time with Sean. Aww Jack:(
Jack looks sooooo different, I kinda like the new look.
I love your Videos






Nobody likes my comments though, so i'm going to like my own.
Man, nice beard jacky boy
OW pink lighting!
JaCk, DanIeL has been hurt. Poor buddy. Daniel needs a freaking hug.
You can tell Jack is straight the way Finns flirting went right over his head loo
Aww.. He's wearing the ol dogs scarf🔥❤
I read Sean and Daniel as Sam and dean.....
I LOVE PLAYING THIS GAME
I ship him And cassady
If Life is Strange 2 is so great, then why isn’t there a Life is Strange 2 2?
My catchphrase for him is dan the man, he always has a plan 👍
when the bird sound happend i heard the same bird irl
Penny sounds like Romeo Santos
When Sean got high; that’s how it really be 😂😂
"wait were working on a weed farm? Sean, you dont need to go anywhere, you're home"
1:16:28 me: so what kind’a trainin’ we doin’ today? Water bending?
Sean needs powers to control that boy
😮😮 JACK!! Your hair!
u notice how sean and cassidy both have the same face model?
People: down at the lake
Towele: make sure you bring a towel
Sean: ok
Towele: want to get high
Sean: Hell yes 
39:56 Jack sounds like Michael from The Office lol
Missed the game so much forgot it came out every month
It’s probably really weird for jack because every time he looks in the comments says Sean he’s like. 🤨
😂tell me he doesn’t look like Shia LaBeouf
Oof
Daniel and Scarlet Witch would be friends...
1:34:21 i have a feeling that some word might giving me a sign of max caulfield or i don’t know its a sign
41:52 Romanian Brothers UNITE
he did talk about the mother still being alive
"Secret base"

My weeb self: KIMI TO NATSU NO OWARI SHOURAI NO YUME





Sorry this was unrelated
So....Sean Is a furry?
It called phi
39:50 I just instantly thought of that prop hunt episode. “tHiS Is mY A mAtErIaL a MaTeRiAl WhO tOuChEd YoU!!!”
53:32 boss fight revealed
35:10 who else was worried about Sean's neck. Daniel had a VANYA MOMENT
50:52 was the funniest thing I’ve ever heard😂
OMG I LOVE YOUR PENNIEWISE THE DANCING CLOWN INPRETION
43:21 Sean sounds like mater from cars Lol
23:00 de demonitised in 3 2 1
I wish you could play as Daniel and kick ass
I refused to watch any videos on this till jack released one.
3:43 beard ASMR
cassidy said the joker line
Big Joe looks like Kratos
I'm currently half way in the episode at 50:45. My prediction is that the police will show up. I'll edit this and tell you if I'm right or wrong.
 I was wrong, I think
Finn and Jake. Adventure Time.
This whole thing was about the big brother not being around but then you chose to make him walk back. That's so sad. Q^Q
43:31 did Jack just expose himself as Mater from Lightning McQueen!??
when did Jack become american
Who else thinks Finn looks like Wade from GTA 5
Really seemed like Jack was hardcore stereotyping people who smoke weed in this video. Could have just been him copying his interpretation of the characters, but it felt like more than that to me.
Ingrid is a name also in skyrim the game they look alike
Jeez, Finn is amazing xD
Lmaoo I can’t stop replaying 58:03
Jack: I am SO good at weed!
Dad: walks in
Me: oh hey
I need to buy this game
It’s a fact that jack was put on a list after commenting on the weed
Daniel has the force
I wanna see it come down to Daniel becoming evil, and Max having to stop him. Some sort of interaction between the two.
Why sean never said "control your emotion."
i itched my earsame time jack did
Jack looks more and more like a super chill and awesome dad
That big Joe, it's only me or he did look like kratos?
what if the whole family got super power but there dad didn't tell and Daniel just found he's first?
Jack: consider yourself capped fool

Me: whips out the uno reverse card I have
“Shut up Siri no one asked you !” That line is way to relatable for me 😂
sean (in game) is elon musk. did u see the way he hit that blunt....
They were talking about Louisiana and New Orleans and stuff and that made me so happy 😭❤️
I would live to see Daniel with an arrow would be dope like yondu from guardians of the galaxy
Jack u have a kabal hair style
Whenever there are cutscenes, if you look in the top left, you just seen Jack caressing his throat.
Is it just me or does he look kinda like Joseph Seed from FarCry 5 with that haircut and beard?
i never watched you in a year then i looked at your face cam and i yelled wtf who’s that 😂😂😂
i was free all day tom
but jack didnt upload life is strange


now i am busy and jack decides to upload life is strange
ooof that stuff about growing up and being a big bro really hits home
Yay Chicken wings is playing episode 3
20 minutes in and there is a top less woman
4:00 it's just so depressing 😐
They're pulling a Clementine. "You into to dudes or you into girls uwu now you gotta pick." I can smell the ship wars already.
i didn't like the nude in the game i wish there was something in the options to censor them like what they do with the music
Sean did you get a hair cut?
Daniel: It's all you got?! Sean: No, try to lift the whole world! Daniel: Aw shit, here we go again!
Yes they finally released this
Finn is so hot what the fuckkkkkk

Edit : Sean is also hot when he looks all rough ooof help
damn it daniel
Oh my god Jack keeps on choosing the wrong desisions
Where’s my 1080p resolution
I want to see a high Jack
Oh my jack NEW HAIR im back to your yt channel btw
Dan the man is a FRIGIN game
daniel said that cassidy is weird while he's hanging out with finn ,,   hMmm
I think that if the government got a hold of Danial that they would use him as a war matching
I think Finn was flirting with Sean 👀
2 years later....i forgot about this channel




Youtube:
Is anyone else troubled by the fact that Cassidy is much older than Sean?
If there's a playbox is there a stationX?
You should have go with Daniel u stupid or he will stay with Finn
THAT WAS SO GOOD SO FAR!!!
How Long are we gonna stay here?
Jack whispers: forever
I freaked out and turned around to see who was behind me.
I'm not the only one who watches Gundam
Here's a catch phrase the man has a plan
Hey Jack, can you add music, that isn’t copyrighted, over parts that have copyrighted music so it isn’t so silent/awkward? Like, can you maybe pick music that is similar that you think would fit really well for the mood it’s supposed to set, and add it to those parts? It just makes the game immersion so much more enjoyable with music. Doing a great job with this game! I like your choices so far and can’t wait for the next! Thanks for playing for us! ❤️❤️❤️🙌🏻💚💚💚
This says a lot about society, and yet, we live in one
Is it just me or does big Joe look like Michael from gta 5
I know someone has probably already made this joke but...

If you wanna find karen just get a manager and she'll come out in no time
i like sean’s haircut only from a distance
So... next episode?
Karen Diaz didn‘t keep the kids...
YouTube after seeing this video: D E M O N I T I Z E D
22:57 jacks reaction is priceless lmao
I feel like jack is driving Daniel away by choosing his friends instead,therefore making Daniel a villain in the end
I swear to god some of Jacks decisions make me wanna scream, he's literally choosing almost everything to ruin his relationship with Daniel
19:15 sean said: that stalk bird sound
I swear 3 seconds later I hear a bird
1:37:19 chris columbus when he finds the carribian natives
40mins: I was smoking weed i live in Seattle love watching you play this game Sean (jacksepticeye)
1:19:28
who saw Hannah topless and thought "Should he be showing this?"
I'm so glad that Jack went for the haircut option because literally nobody that I've watched play this has gone down that route :D
Is it bad that I ship Finn And Penny?
I live in Louisiana lol it’s really hot this time a year 😂
I accidentally watched part 2 first
soooo, um, my mom walked in and saw a topless lady.
5:18 after being so lonely, thought he might try find his big brother magazines
U 4got to left clic
Im so good at weed “drug bust at jacksepticeye on the news”
I like the communism in this family
Finn best character
We’re just going to ignore jack singing bad guy 😂
I want to like Daniel bc I feel bad but its really hard rn bc he's being a liTTLE EMO SHITHEAD WITH THIS ATTITUDE.
Why does Cassidy’s hair remind me of aloy from horizon zero dawn
Never played it but u should have chosen Daniel at the end u put ur friends first in that decision i think Daniel's gunna be pissed at Shaun 😂😂
Calling it finn gona die
I watched all the adds fully so you got paid.hope you got the money
Jack knows BAD GUY which means he knows Billie Eyelash. AHHHHHHHH!
44:34 Sean taking mental notes and pictures
The world needs more people like jack
Is talking yawning at the same time because he's talking in his head
I have a crush on a girl named Cassidy
At these times 2016..17...& 18 have come to Bully you when 2019 comes to pick you up off your knees and throw you across the room...
I love you jack not in a gay way though
Penny and Jakub, more like XXXTENTACION and post Malone
Play aot 2 NOW!!!!!!
when they said new orleans and louisana i got excited cus i live in new orleans
Is Hannah the voice of Chloe??
f u c k b u d d i e s 



i like this place
Can you play sally face again their is a update
Dude this game gives me anxiety because you always know that some bad stuff is right around the corner
i was hoping when he for a haircut it would be a mohawk or something... hell yeah!
Its called figure of speech
Why my boi Sean not using his weed pipe?
Had a feeling Finn also liked guys. Sean and Cassidy are a cute couple though.
That blink though 18:39
The intro mentions "ancestors", those are the grandparents
I kinda wanted him to say some boys are cute and see where things could go with Finn because Finn flirting with Sean was pretty cute
Bobs or vagana which ever will it be?..
in this story Karen left the kids
Love the cozy campfire scence at the end.
The best present for finishing my tests
Finn is secretly mimir
It's been so long since this show i all most forgot about it 😑😑
I clicked so fast omg 😂😂
Those multiplication tables were comeplete bull... 55×7? Really
I'm shocked no age restriction
also Sean (in game Sean) looks like Steven from danplan
1:26:19 jack  you would if had some friends
Complement the game

Talk about ur bois 

Or 

SQUIRREL 😂😂
15:38 my little brother
jacksepticiey, im soo good a weeding 2019
working on  weed farm dad would be proud
26:06 Hate nose rings
Finn has to gay or bi or something


Them flirts aren't going under my eyes 👀
Wouldnt they get high even though ots not lit shouldnt they
Ever since he got the powers I have thought that he will turn into the hunt for the wilderpeople kid from deadpool 2
1:15:50 when halfway through my sentence I realise my dads in the room
Riding on 2%jack
It is quite odd seeing Sean drink something other than Coca Cola while playing this game.
Why does Sean look like Stephen from danplan
This reminds me of the relationship of Kratos and Atreaus when Atreause was giving him attitude.
The characters are deeper into uncanny valley than we thought was possible
Look im not one of those video game gun nuts but its armalight rifle not assault rifle
Me: hey jack how do I find a date?
jack: ALWAYS SWIPE RIGHT...ON YOURSELF

Me: mmkay
tats funny cos im 8 years older than my lil bro
Wait a min did I just see BOBZ
I was waiting to see this for weeks and now THANK YOU
Cassidy is the jokers sister!!?!?😳😳
Kinda wished you would have kept the music in but I get why, and yeah the voice acting, story, and writing is just amazing this season. Im also faithful to lyla 😂😂 idk why I just think she's a better match for Sean, I really wanted to romance Cassidy but...I'll have to see
he should have drawn finn :((
Omg the mom has poweres and ran to protect the family
Liberal Propaganda is Strange 2
YAY JACKYBOY YOU POSTED IT
Why Jack look like Asian samurai ?
NO HE IS THE NEW BRIGHTBURN RUUUNNN
If YouTubers were marvel characters you would be deadpool
More please!
Hair????
Finn is my favorite
Weed IS legal in CA... Well, no job I guess xD
3:48 who else thought that was a billboard.
Jack:12 minutes ago 13k view 
My channel:924 hours ago 2 views
"Dan the Man is here with a Plan!!!"
Am I the only one who thinks Ingrid sounds like Scarlet Witch sometimes?
I would get with finn
No Sean, he said "Don't LA U G H "
8:30 same..... I would sell my minecraft epic account for it
I think we need to put Daniel down.
yasssss
41:55 He's agent 420, and he has a licence to Kush
Does Hannah have X tats? 🤔
Ah yes, the 0 veiw gang
Jacks doing beard asmr at 3:40
35:10
YEET
19:39 😂 😂😂
did anyone else notice that everyone in the camp/farm has red in their eyes so that means they are stoned 24/7
Why does Jack look like Elijah Kamski??
I have to last name diaz and ive never been this far from home
This episode could’ve been better thought out.
Jack why you smoking man. That a bad choice now be Will die
been wateing for this for so long
I love how Finn is Bi. It's amazing.
23:12 Unexpected 😮 I thought they would blur them for monetization reasons
How is this not demonetized?
Please pick Finn.
YO WTF I LIVE IN HUMBOLDT!!!!
well i think MAX CAULFIELD would have to disagree when FINN said "you cant change the past" ...lol
Did anyone notice that Penny's real name is Baptiste :D like the OW healer :D :D
i cant wait for episode 4! anybody else?
Loved it when Jack started singing "Bad Guy"
Yeah the forest is great all the septic jelly around I mean what!
1:35:08 sure thing Dutch we’ll get you to Tahiti eventually
1:06:17 like the clown from IT?
1:28:05
Life is meh i can live it out until the end i guess 2.
My friend had one of thoughs
Big joe was speaking Romanian, As a romanian i am very proud rn
1:26:37 ) i thought she said ”I’m Gay” 😂😂😂
Rip ads
This game is getting worse with every season.
FINALLY
I get you're busy an all....


BUT HOW CAN YOU STOP IT HERE 😭😭😭
I MISS LYLA!!!!!!!!
More life is strange 2 or ill end it all
Jack: Damn Yutes!!
Daniel is crossing over to the dark side of the force
Why does Merrill look and sound like Hugo strange from Batman Arkham city
I think as he gets older his powers grow
33:57 you missed because of Daniels power
As soon as he said squirrel  I thought, up
Finn sounding like Dutch
I was hoping youd pick Finn over Cassidy but its fine im just crying out my gay heart
Wow, two whole days and it's still up, topless girl and everything? Is YouTube finally calming?
The guy with the glasses looks like gus from breaking bad
would have been nice to see sean (the character) talk about liking boys. he might have had an anecdote from seattle or something
Um, Jack you forgot to edit (blur) something

I mean we don't care and all but the big bad demonitize is going to hunt you down
50:12 did anyone notice the girl infront of sean ( forgot the name ) her hand going right through the jar?
THICCCCCCC drugss
Aww Brody :(
i kinda hate Hannah
Sean looks cuter with long hair
Sounded like she said goodnut
I don't know why, but the character Jacob sounds a lot like Tenn from The Walking Dean Final Season... probably same voice actor
I’m from Louisiana and trust me it’s not nice this time of year I can fill a Olympic size swimming pool just with the sweat of cutting my yard.
Is this video getting demonetized lol
The dialogue is the Life is Strange games is SO CRINGE!
1:05:11 i think she is Gabbie Hanna lol
She looks like her and sounds like her
Your beard though
AAAAAAAAAND DEmonitized...
The hair... Samurai Jack!
Anyone else feel like Jacks Sean is coming off as...selfish? While trying not to be? 
Daniels main problem is Sean picks his friends over him. Its always been a problem. 
Jack : Sean needs to socialize picks friends over daniel 
To Daniel this is NOT ok.
It was so wheard to hear the guy talk swedish at 1:25:00 and i am swedish my self
ONE OF US
ONE OF US
you ruined the experience by muting the episode... Just ask the game developers for premission to use the music in the game bro, they'll understand
44:50 Please Jack no!!
i love this game so much holy shit TYSM FOR PLAYING IT !!
Bruh you really need to lay attention to Daniel
when daniel blue up that tree i inmagen the puma
28:30 The guy ln The chair looks like lil dicky
Omg cassidy's singing . A lovable family surrounded by a fire. Weed. That's legit the kind of cozy  thing I want in life. Is this part supposed to be making me cry?
I shouldn't watch it, because I haven't played it and I don't like spoilers, especially for story games.
But I watched it anyway.
dan the man here to lend you a hand
That games $50 and the first one is $20 mind blown
I wanna know what Jack's stance is on weed
just because he has powers his saying his not a kid anymore?? naniii.?..?
Can somebody explain why is Jack suddenly losing so many subscribers??! After Tuesday he and few other youtubers started to lose subscribers and I'm juste wondering why
and I'm not saying like "omg nobody likes him now" I think it's incredible how he has come this far!!

Also sorry if my English is bad :P
Thank god
Tfw he won't get demonitized for the music, it's for dem titties
33:56 damn daniel.
What happened to Daniel??? He grew up super fast and is now a super huge jerk.
Why do these choice games write such annoying kids all the time
Shut up Siri no one asked you!!!
Speed is key
1:24:44 mic drop
I feel like they could have literally just crawled over the log
cough is it just me or is Finn coming onto Sean, talking about how "hot and cool" he is and how scars would make him "sexier" like um boiiii cough cough MAKE OUT ALREADY... I mean ya know, just a thought

like "did you have a good day at work honey" could be him actually wanting to call him that and not just a joke
or "i feel you Sean...as always" he's trying to make Sean realise that how much Finn understands him


okokok I need to stop before Finn turns out to be a bad influence or something
Am I the only one that thinks that Cassidy kinda looks like Gab?
Imagine Jack had a little brother
This dude sounds like yatchy
22:10 I mean maybe I'm thinking it through a little much Jack... but I think your counterpart Sean meant his VIRGINITY not the condoms themselves lol...
i love cassidy and i will never bash the way anyone plays the game..... but...... couGH finn x sean cOUgh
It's Brightburn all over again.
How did you not get  demonized?
Speed is still key
damn what if sean & daniel run into max & chloe at some point in the story and they beg max to rewind time, back to when their dad was still alive and none of this ever happened
do you know that there is a pretentious game 4 & 5
Was waiTING
I liked sean’s shaggy hair 🥺
Big Joe's Probably sitting over in the corner playing Fortnite
I like Sean's hair
I know know one will care but 
1: there is a character called Sean and jack is called Sean 
2: my name is Finn and there is a character called Finn 
3: jack is Irish I’m Irish 
4: JACK IS MY FAVOURITE YOUTUBER
YAS
Who else skipped the intro?
1:27:52 btw God natt! menas good night! In swedish btw
I just went through a horrible break up and this is the best medicine
Oh look, a source of Jack’s happiness, A dog!

kill it
Life is strange 2 episode 3 part 1??? Is this the first vid of the series or not
420 dislikes
Were is pt 2
That's not a little cup of coffee. It's pretty big.
Man Sean I hate it that you're missing out on the music in this episode! Its so good!
finn likes sean XXXDDD
Why is stoping for a second and resumes  why???
near the beginning when jack is question Sean's ability to talk while yawning , tho isn't he thinking what jack is hearing during that moment?
54:58 Cassidy: "I wanna see some water"  Jack: "There's water in the cups" I mean, "you right" XD
1:05:10 Hannah is voiced by Hannah Prichard (she was Ruth in "Barack Obama Will Save Us")
There was a bug ( Daniel face ) 1:16:52
of course the moms name is.... 𝐊𝐚𝐫𝐞𝐧
Is it me or penny sounds like Winnie the pooh
Never get high on your own supply jack
Plot twist
Sean is doing the powers and making it seem like he has the powers, just like Daniel and Chris
ahhh no kissing finn here :(((
I actually think scars are sexier
they give an Aro/Ace option!!!!
Hannah's voice actor was Chloe's voice actor in the first life is strange
Hello everyone scrolling, take a second to admire how cute Jack is

1...
2...
3...

Okay have a nice day :D
Nudity without warning everything to expect from a l i f e  i s   s t r a n g e  sequel
The dislikes are from Australia.
what is thet song 1:00:41 to 1:01:08 thet Cassidy plays on the guitar
WHO ELSE IS MAD THAT HE DIDNT GO TO BED WITH DANIEL OMG WHY OMg bro
Humboldt is truly a beautiful place.
Weed central... but beautiful
I see you
Fast please
1:24:24 that voicecrack when Sean yelled
this is cool
1:02:40 

Elon Musk : aM I a JOke tO yoU
Why did you just quit satisfactory without saying anything
Finn turned into dutch from red dead talking about costa rica
NOOO DIDINT KNOW YOU REC IT AND I WATCHED OTHER YOUTUBER PLAYING IT UHH HATE MYSELF
The force is strong with this one
Daniel.
Doesnt do fortnite dances... Doesnt dab in public... Can move things with his mind... That is a unique legendary build right there!
I remember seeing a fallout 4 vid with a really hideous character and the vid got demonetized for it, but boobies here is fine.
I had to watch this or jacks dad would punch me
Do YouTube’s also make more money depending on how many adds they put in a video?
52:43 
Ignore this, its for me.
I think max caulfield must intervine as a super hero to fight daniel
I have a brother with 15 years younger. I was youngest for 15 years. Watching this game makes me want to be a good-er big brother.
OH MY OH MY
James charles
Why is it only 720p?
Hey Random Person Scrolling Through The Comment
Hope you have a good day/night
I love this rag tag team of hippies :)
Why doesn't Daniel just fly themselves to Mexico lmao
Alright Louisiana let's goooo 53:50
im sorry, but those plants were straight mid🤢🤢
Am I the only one who gets creeper vibes from Finn with Daniel
Daniel is wearing Mushrooms Bandana
Ingrid needs sunblock.
Damn I cant wait for the plot twist when Sean gets powers and has to stop Daniel
23:04
11:12 Sean it stands for NEW YORK CITY UK!
It’s a shame we can’t hear the original music due to copyright, but gotta love life is strange play throughs!
HEZ INZ THEZ ATTIC
My name is Sean and I also have a younger brother to take care off. We often fight at times until today
Finn looks like lil pump
Jesus i wasnt expecting the original intro so i put my volume all the way up with earbids and i jumped so hide
The this remind you of that movie coming out bright burn
I predict that Daniel is going to accidentally kill sean
53:57 that’s my home
Ha! I do that everytime I say Duh now,  too! Billie Eilish changing duh forever lol
OH NO john wicks dog is ded
Watch Seans hand @53.00
23:04 that face he made
big joe looks like Michael from gtav.
I kinda wanted sean to get with finn honestly
Murder mountain
I thought the dad was dead
Daniel is the one that really needs a haircut.
Nobody:

Literally nobody:

Absolutely nobody what so ever:

Jack: VISUALS
I'm confused if they have the same mom and dad why does only Daniel have the powers
Anyone else hear Hannah say that someone tied her up in arcadia? I might be wrong but Hannah was one of the names if you look.
EEEEEEEEEEEE YAY
This is like The Chronicles movie!!!:)
Jack is just throwing away likes to the comment section... Everybody has one ..



Can i get one 🥺
When you are high and cummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Am I the only one who it started messing up on at the end!
damn hes way better than max
23:05 u forgot to censor it now YouTube’s after u
1:27:10 JACKKKKKL NOOOOOO WHYYYYYYYYYY what happened to being a good older bro???? How is smoking da WEED in front on your lil bro being a good influence!?!?  JACKCKCKCKCKCLCLCK... okay I’m calm idk it just triggered me 1:30:20 OH FOR THE LOVE OF- over it
WAIT THE MOMS NAME IS KAREN!? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
speaks romanian and his name's joe? interesting
Hey Jacka Sean, are you  to Karen T Check for it? 
It felt like a joke to me. Ya know like go to Hellen Hunt for it. ok I'm done teasing. I thought funny though.
Yayyy
I will always miss jack fron 2013 to 2017😔💔 when he wasnt egoist and so sexual
Daniel seems like he could easily becoming a super villain, like he’d be the bad guy at the end
...Uncensored?.... That was... very unusual to say the least a,a
i wish the music wasnt copyrighted because its really awesome...
Doesn't Daniel kinda look like goku if he was made by the people who made the sonic movie
Karen left and didn't take the kids
as I myself is Swedish, they did not sound even remotely Swedish
I was hoping you pick the gay badboy option :/
Hannah owned those two Swedish libtards lol
Doesn’t Daniel remind me of eleven in stranger things because he has telekinesis
I think hanna has something to do with Chris, and that family. Chris’s mother was an artist and so was Hannah’s unless it’s a false trail but why would developers add it?
Hannah, to me, sounds a lot like Chloe from season 1. I looked it up, its not, but just sounds like her.
I think the reason he keeps talking and yawning is because he’s talking in his head.
What do you say to your little brother with powers to explain why youre in controll?
Why I missed this video?
19:39 hey guys welcome back to my asmr licking guess what we’re licking today 😉






Yes it’s Sean’s foot what did u think it was
why does Jacob sound like Tenn from The Walking Dead the final season, is it the same voice actor?
Anyone else think Danelle flooded arcadea bay
me over here infront of my parents then 23:04 pops up I-I-I cant explain this.....
That long blonde haired sweedish dude sounds like Nanners' sweedish triend teijb, or tezb, or, however the hell you spell his name.
Dan the Man has a plan!
is that dutch van der linde on budget


1:35:09
If I was Sean I would call area 51
Bad choices
Daniel started to feel feverish......Bet no one gets it
I love balls
anyone else think Sean looks like mallek adalov? Just me?
13:50 he still is.
When I saw the lady with no shirt I was just like “oh okay” I mean there’s nothing wrong with it obviously but it took me by surprise
I love Pennywise aka Penny.
Daniel is John wick
3:34 On melancholy hill by Gorillaz
14:45 😂
is it me or did Sean skip a video, the beginning doesnt make any sense with the tent?
Why does Jacob sound like Tenn from the walking dead
43:26
I hate coffee cuz it makes me shit too early in the morning. I don’t need coffee to be awake
Come on should've picked the choice that some guys are cute! Would've been a lil more interesting lol
28:45 9 yo army !!!there
1:19:27 “I’m the bad guy, duh” wow billie is quaking
where jackaboy when theres a villain
Topless female and this video isn’t age restricted...ok
1:34:40 Dutch Van Der Linde that you?
I bet the Creator's use some personal experience or inspiration or inspiration from actual people describing their situations to make the campfire scene because no way they made all that up and I'm this emotional
I feel like Daniel is way way way way way way way too strong right now Mike in any other character that I've seen with telekinesis or any type of form of it he's pretty strong for his age
23:05 Every 12 year old: loOk it’s bOoooobs
sean is such a bi icon
56:45
I’m Dane the man and my dad used to drive us around in a mini van
All we need is mONeY - Dutch vanderland
Viking Jack
oh yeah, it is hot as hell in Louisiana, trust me
35:16 were watching Jack/sean Play rule 34
Jack please do another upload of life is strange 2 today please
Consider yourself capped fool
Why is there a topless lady
Is Finn gay?
I just started this episode so idk if this happens or jack makes the choices but I really REALLY want them to go back to Seattle and fuck around with lyla I really miss her lol
When Sean/Jack started singing the wheels on the bus am I the only one who jokingly started head banging?
The Karen who didnt take the kids
wkejfniewfe




like it
I can’t be the only one who thought Sean speaking Spanish was attractive
Daniel is going to have a moment like how Magneto had a moment when he use that Penny or quarter. Or a moment like Vania when she was fighting with her sister or a moment like Sabrina when she was fighting with her cousin
jus take the risk
I have a theory. Not a good one but. If Daniel has telekinesis, would the other people have powers? And would this be attached to the x men origins?
As a Norwegian, I understood what they were talking about when they started speaking Swedish.
41:07 dEn SiStA pErSoNeN dÄr InNe
The birds are from mean
Do you think their related to rosa diaz
39:45 lol
...I somehow thought, Blackflag was mushroom...
1:09:31 Are you talking about yourself or the game?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW HEEEEEEELL YEEEE
16:46 THANK GOD SOMEONE SAID IT
I'm no longer watching these videos because you're terrible weed references this is too cringy to watch
Daniel: I can lift big ass trees with my mind
Max: Hold my time travel mind
Soooo good and been waiting and watching for it..
1:36:27 Oh God, I read that as "nipple hair" not hippy!
he DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABED 
1:36:14
Thank the Lord I am The youngest- I would’ve dropped kick that lil shit if he messed up my aim
I have a feeling that if Brody and Finn met they won't get along and Sean will have to choose sides
You change Jack
My name is Lyla !!
29:24 What she's interested in?
Am I the only one that ships Finn and Sean? At first I was sceptical about Finn and thought he was jealous of Sean because Cassidy liked him. And also because he was too good to be true. The very cynical Hannah praised him and he got Sean a job. I thought he must have had ulterior motives. I also thought him hanging out with Daniel all the time was his way of getting back at Sean for "stealing" Cassidy. But by the end of the episode, I understood that he did all that because he actually liked Sean. Come on Jack, please get them together!
Who the flip names there kid pennywise :O
Yay swedish peaople
Dan the man humanities last stand
1:17:14 when u hit ur toe
NSFW
jack where did you grow up, not a farm? the code is you don't get high on your own supply!
I like how they're free to do whatever they want and view whoever they want and not bother anyone
1:45:38 Did you forget about the consequence of Max's powers? She had to sacrifice Arcadia or Chloe because of the tornado
23:07
the life is strange series has a weird,,, vibe similar to the walking dead and i dont really know why
80% of this video is jack cutting weed and 20% of the game
On god this sounds amazing smoking weed and relaxing in the forest
Finn is the chaotic bi I aspire to be one day
Hmm 8008ies, no demonitization.
..
Im not getting into this game as much as the last. The main characters feel so whiny.
1:09:24 Sean practicing for the annual bottleflip challenge with Felix.
4:29 this song used to be my shit back in like 2007 when the first Spongebob movoe came out 😂
Finn was totally hitting on Sean. Cute hahaa
Hannah has a protection rune on her forehead.
Who else who else sang the wheels on the bus go round and round with Jack
Scared me shitless Jesus
Hey
you should watch the outcome for going to bed with daniel, it's really sweet and so much better than the haircut. please choose daniel over the others, you're gonna get a bad ending
Cassidy has talent and I'm sure the others do as well with all of them working together to make a money I'm sure they'd be able to get a beach house and live out finn's dream but that's only if they're all down
I’m surprised about the lack of tiddy comments
Ingrid is swedish and i tought she was Norwegian cuz she sounded Norwegian😂 «i am Norwegian
Anders is Swedish. Yay
1:16:35 Them eyessssssss tho
its been sevEN YEARS....
I like how nobody notices that penny looks like Odell
Thing is I'm an artist and if she were to take it right out of my hand like that I do the exact same he had a perfect reaction
I dont like Cassidy she just seems like the easy choice for a love interest to me i like how finn is funny and not worried about things and if you choice him you may find some inner depth that you would find as much with Cassidy but thats just me
wAIT-- What if danny is the new billy from his happy wheels days?
Enano is Spanish for dwarf
FINALLY!
23:10 wouldn't that get demonetized?
DAAM DANIEL
my grandparents are visiting, and as soon as I read the title I scurried in my room. my mom was like “oop, there she goes.”
my grandparents are visiting, and as soon as I read the title I scurried in my room. my mom was like “oop, there she goes.”
I hope Jack  reloads the checkpoint and goes to bed with Daniel cause Sean new hair it kinda werid no offense Jack
Friggintiddies
1:16:28
Hannah’s voice actress sounds an awful lot like Chloe’s same voice actress....???? Or am I losing it
Daniel must have a high midiclorian count
sean is 17 because he is 8 years older than daniel
ingrid got that accent
Meow! :3
Why is the animation so borked though
Without music is the game really boring
David is a jedi night!
Sean: wow judgy!
Also Sean: She's very cynical and jaded
how could u leave behind blackflag like what








i'd rather die than leave my dog behind
Who else started to clap when Sean clapped the Wheels on the bus?
Aye I'm from Louisiana. Absolutely my most favorite play through Sean has done
Finn looks like Floyd from Gta5
i feel like it's the other way around and daniel feels like he's being neglacted  by cassidy.
U late late u ruined my sleep schedule, I stayed up all night for this
I had a bad fucking day jack I watched your videos and smiled and laughed it just made me feel better and happy for once so thank you for all the warming happy content
Bro I just got bought the first one
There plan to get into Mexico is impossible because of the wall
33:56
I would’ve stabbed Daniel if I were there
Only if Sean has powers
he shuold of gone to bed with daniel
If i had to choose Sean's love interest it would be Fin
It’s my bd today
When sean is telling their story as them being wolves. I wondered why their dog wasnt just a young child because they were dogs so the puppy should have been a human
Is anyone else feeling a bit weird that the nudity wasn’t sensored?
JACK PLEASE PLAY DON"T STARVE HAMLET
YES MY BROTHERS NAME IS SEAN AND MY NAME IS SARAH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yea, merills is going to die anyways
I love this game but DAMN THE DIALOGUE IS CRINGY
Jack: well I'm recapping you 
Me: well then I'm a have to be knee capping you blah shoots him in his wobbly knees
18:39
lol said awe at the same time
im loving this episode so far! the environment is so pretty in this one too
Dude, Finn looks like Layne Staley from Alice in Chains, awesome
This camp is just one giant communisim place and I want to live there
I WANT SEAN AND CASSIDY THANK YOU VERY MUCH
I shit you not, I know exactly where they were camped out in the beginning of the episode!!!
Please make these more  frequent
Go Louisiana my home state meh yeah
Furry confirmed
So jack you had a coke zero in every ep. Now you have a coffee nice
Im no kid i can lift the biggest tree in the world said Daniel. BOIII YOU STILL NINE YEARS OLD BOIIIII said sean
I’m confused why didn’t he censor start where he wakes up and goes outside
At least Karen didn't take the kids this time.
Did Anybody Notice That Cassidy Has The Same Earrings As Jackaboy..??
Karen... would you even want to find her with a name like that
It really hit me when he was talking about you know Daniel and how he was always throwing attitude for no reason and then how he asked if he was a bad big brother and then Daniel got jealous LIKE WOAH THE LYLA THING
Don't do weed
Sean and Finn could have kissed, ahhhhhhhhhhh.
Why the hell didn't they replace the copyrighted music with royalty free music lmao
Nobody:

No one in the world:

Jack I DONT KNOW HOW TO CENSOR
Ok but did yall notice Daniel's powers sound effect after he left the campfire?
Episode 5 spoiler James Charles flirts with Daniel
Jack: I am going to leave this episode here
Me: He’ll Nah!!!
Hey Sean are you ready for IT part 2?
1:34:44

Giving me some major ass dutch vibes.
YES HE PULLED THOROUGH I'VE BEEN WAITING AND WANTING!!!!!
It feels like me and Sean are in the game cause I'm Daniel he's Sean
Age Restricted: Not Suitable For Most Users
23:04 IM SURPRISED YOUTUBE LET THAT PASS!!!!!
You say how he talks and yawn at the same time but isn’t Sean talking to himself in his mind
1:00:28 trying to read the words on his arm
53:01 Sean’s arm has a spasm😬😂
i love how jack doesn't get how important it is for big brothers to be on the good side of a growing little brother cause he is a little brother
Yeeeeeess finally
Anyone think about Brightburn when Daniel uses his power to lift the bottom of that tree out of the water?
Ingrid sounds like Scarlet Witch....
YES
this is weird now because in-game Sean now looks like by brother with the new hair cut
i love your hair and beard. you look like an edgy lumberjack
“Didn’t say anything about the grand parents” uhm wot yes it did my boi
Nobody:

JackScepticEye: YOU HAVE FAILED THIS CITY! shoots arrow
Nobody:
Jacksepticeye: THIS IS COZY!!!
"this is real fun choppin up weed, ganna get real high" lmao
18:00 how do you know Sean😂 you are still a kid.
Why does finn remind me of wade   that's friends with trevor in gta 5
U should go camping and do a vlog
hope you make another part
1:10:42  OH NO JACK, SHE'S NOT 18 YET
I like how finn said he would walk Daniel to his tent but is there to give sean a hair cut like 2 minutes later
So none is gonna say / do anything about the topless woman
when is the next episode
Please play Hunter classic is completely free
Yeeaaaaaas finally
P.S man bun jack
I wish i could touch your beard jack
I love how they say everything is ok, even being asexual, and even giving you the option to answer you don't really like dating. Haven't seen that in a lot of (big) games. Just shows that, even when we loose ground in some places, the media/games are there to give support and recognises its a thing. I dunno, it just made me happy seeing the option and hearing that dialogue
1:24:47 yikes forever
At least Karen didnt take the kids here
Somehow there is just no story in this game.
*kills chicken*

makes 1000 chicken nuggets
Jackaboi you missed so many opportunities to call yourself Cluck Norris
12:50
"Ohh wait,  chickens can't fly."
                  -Jacksepitceye 2019
So true.  ;-)
Bruh im pretty sure robin's life goal is to make fun of Jack






And its working
Sean: "I'm sorry brother!!" Stabs fellow chicken 
Me: Loki...? Is that you....?
"Come along tiny sewer child, We have people to kill." Said the almighty feathered warrior
Hoping for Life is Strange 2.
Gets this Cluck Cluck Motherfucking video. 





PS I still love this vid tho
1900’s: by 2019 we will have cured all diseases
2019: a shouting Irish man playing a game about a chicken warrior
Robin and jack is my favourite guys on youtube 

They are the best, always makes me laugh
Jack: 'Chickens don't fight back! What did chickens ever do to you?'
Me: flashbacks to Legend of Zelda
       a LOT
Why did the chicken cross the road 







To end the life’s of those who eat his fellow chicken brothers
Jack still didn't get his coca cola sponsorship so he was sponsored by KFC instead?
Who’s idea was to make a game where you play as a really violent ninja chicken...






And why haven’t I heard of it before!
Jack: plays as a chicken

Me: is eating chicken strips from Hardee’s IM SO SORRY!
Jack i know that you want to be a chicken but...




Your already a 
Can we please appreciate Robin's editing?
2:15 😂😂😂
edit: also 7:40; 8:05 😂😂😂
The cluckster is unstoppable 
Guardian Ape: I’m aboutta end this man’s career
Title: i used to be something else


Jack: hell nah u get changed boi
Chicken swordsman







Pubg: 
If I saw a man wearing a chicken costume holding a samurai sword and screaming, I would probably say "Oh hey it's Jack!
Totally missed out on the opportunity for a "cockblocked" joke.
Clukiro,The only chicken the Colonel could never conquer.🐓👑
Putting Assassins Creed, Just Cause, and Uncharted 2 together = Sekiro
0:09- "But not just any old regular Sekiro..." Oh dear. Walking into this blind may not have been the best idea. I think you had some streams of this game, which I missed? (thinks) 
0:19- "I'm a chicken." Well, I never would have thought that you would admit to that... :P By the way, your hero is a handsome Jersey Giant- I think.
- "Who needs to be Sekiro, when I can be Cluckiro?" Imagine attempting to spell that in characters. Wouldn't translate well, I am guessing.
- "Why do you attack?!" You have never heard of a Cock Fight?
End- Not bad. The skin is well made and moves well, as it should. Might go back and watch the regular game later on. This reminds me of Dark Souls.
Roses are red 
Ketchup is too
Oh I got a like
But why is it blue?
Jack please do a cover of disaterpiece by Slipknot
I've only ever heard stories of the chicken man.  o_o
me-chickens cant fly buddy chickens cant
jack drives
me-aaaaaahhhhhh
“The greatest chicken ninja that Japan has ever seen!”
It’s the the ONLY chicken ninja that Japan has ever seen...



With the nickname “Cluckster”
The chickens attack you cause  ur both males and Male chickens are highly territorial...
Cock fighting u know...

All hail the mighty cluckiro!🐓
When The creators of Hitman tried to create a new game......
I would love fo Jack o play Hollow Knight
That chicken comparison to you had me laughing XD
wHaT aRe yOu ChIcKeN? "Why yes, I'm clucking delicious"
Play life is strange 2 ep 3 like so he can see
Jack pls play life is strange 2 episode 3
Uh, btw, was that quote from Megamind?
That is KFC reverse card for you
my sisters name is Rinad LOL!!! NOT CLICKBATE!!! LOL!!! ROFL
Jack: he's like a WWE wrestler
Me:he's John Cena



John Cena vs cluckiro. Scheduled for 2020
"IT'S FINGER-LICKIN' GOOD"




Bro, I'm dead 😂
teenage mutant ninja chickens
Yep that’s right...
Me:Look at all those Chickens

Comes running up to me with a knife OH SHI—
Hi Jacka Sean,  here's something for you.(I think)  It's so dandy, You found your candy, It's so handy, now you're Da Manny . 😊😄☝🍧🍰 edit: thought of another word that was better (to me anyway )
Did anybody notice at 7:00 he said “winner winner chicken dinner” which is from PUBG and a victory Royale pic pops up lol
Jacksepticeye remember playing Hitman, this  literally looks like an "evolution" of that
The chicken who survived KFC has been chosen to lead us
"LOOK AT ALL THESE CHICKENS"  ;) ya welcome xD
U should play Oxygen Not Included when it's released in 1.0
Its a bird? No its a plane? Oh shit gotta run!
Sekiro the chicken is getting revenge on his family
If you know this meme you're actually old now

CHICKEN ATTACK
6:43 "oh god, he hurts - Jacksepticeye


Me: NO SHIT, HE GOT A FRICKING SWORD JACK
Who knew chickens could be so violent 😱
Jack said chickens 55 times in this video
Jack:he thought it was his friend but... 
Me:IT WAS ME DIO!
Me: hoping for LIS.



Gets this video







Me: This'll do, for now
Lmao hope for Life is Strange, we get a chicken instead
Imagine jack playing this while eating kfc
Shinobi chicken: murdering people
Enemies: KILL THAT SHINOBI CHICKEN! THAT IS OUR FOOD
Me: teriyaki chicken?? Wait what???
That one character that never made it to kung fu panda
People might fight back but
Nice edit from Robin with the goblin.
Jack: He's like a WWE wrestler.
10 seconds later gets powerbombed into the pavement.
Me: Is that Undertaker?
Cluckiro: Birds of the feather flock together
A good laugh after a bad day.. Thanks man
AHHHH MAN BUN!!!!! I WAS WAITIN FOR SO LONG TO SEE HIM WITH A MAN BUN!! IT'S ADORABLE!!!
Chickiro: Shadows cluck twice
Jack:What are you chicken? (Playing as chicken)

Jack:Yes,I am chicken.
Just want to suggest a vr game called bloody mary i just want to see you play this btw i love you and your videos keep doing your best❤️
you haven't seen a chicken warrior?...Then you didn't know about Ubume

A Crane Mother Youkai in Japan '3'
Please do more planet coaster like so he can see this
Sasha Banks: I'm the legit boss
Jack: Hold my drink
This immediately reminded me of the Chicken Attack song.. Chicken Ninjas AWAY!
Yayy! Jacksepticeye coming to VidCon US! Hope I can meet you.
I was watching my dog chase its tail and I thought
"Dogs are easily amused."
Then I realized...... I was watching my dog chase its tail
XD
the man ponytail is getting bigger (keep it u look great uwu)
I think Jack watched too many Naruto fillers and it broke him... now he's literally playing the ninja chicken there...

Also Jack looks like he could be a character in Sekiro
You were a disguise, to look like human guys, but your not a man, you're a "Chicken Boo".  Lol😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Animainiac's
The Gaelic Chicken Warrior!!    You're the chosen one of this game Jack!!!
Jack: winner winner chicken dinner! (Shows fortnite victory Royale) pubg:(cries)
Me: Lets watch some jacksepticeye
Jack: WoOOoOh VooOhH WaAh
Jack:Imma kill this goblin child
Goblin Slayer: Could this man be one of "my people"
Please do more with the chicken!!!!!
The demon in my head: nobody believes in you 

Me, watching a Jacksepticeye video: IM GONNA PWOVE THEM WONG!!
When first time i see in this video i thought he was a samurai guy
Have a taste of my 10 piece combo mothercluckers... You never knew of the 12th spice because the 12th spice is always silent.
Bully: what are you, chicken?

Me: YES pulls out sword and slices
When my friend says:do you want some chicken nuggets
I say:i dont want jack to come
Play life is strange 2 episode 3!
Did anyone else imagine Arnold Schwarzenegger saying “Cluck cluck, motherf***er!” while they were watching this?
I wish we got to see Jack's playthrough of Sekiro
I clicked on “I Played Sekiro As A Giant Horrifying Chicken” but now the video is called “CLUCK CLUCK MOTHERCLUCKERS!”.

Answers?
How about... The Buck Fright (since he was referencing The Dark Knight)? Or The Cluck Crusader?
I would like to see you play the whole SoulsBorne series. The series consists of Demon Souls; Dark Souls 1, 2, and 3; and Blood Borne. People are still debating on adding Sekiro to the SoulsBorne series list.
"Oh god they gave a chicken a sword!"
brain: N-Nani!?
did he really say shinobi, I didn't know the chicken was from naruto. is he on team Kakashi lol jk
Ninja Chicken Vs Ninja Peter Griffin
Jack when you go to next episode of life is strange 2 ep 3
I can only wonder how it feels to be listened to by Jack and have him play something you asked for...
Anyway, day 549 of asking Jacksepticeye to play Jet Set Radio Future.
“Chickens never fight back”

Me: clearly
Other people : laughing
Me: have chiken phobia  hello darkness my old friend
Jack, along with everyone else: "Look at this Chicken"
Me: Googles up Chicken vs Rooster "Wait that's a rooster"
hmm...i didn't know that Mr. Camilla had her own mod?
Jack: I can't use my gourd I already used it!

Me: Have you lost your gourd?!
His left hand been gone
And a man make a bone arm for her
Chicken Boo's more successful relative.
"How can I be a friendly neighbourhood chicken if there's no neighbourhood?"
The Giant that killed him at 8:00, had the best meat tenderizing mallet in all of Japan. Jack never stood a chance.
Someone make this into a animation 😂👍
“Sewer child” 

Makes me wonder if he actually is Irish or not
and here i was thinking poultry man was on vacation
Cluckiro: Shadows fry twice.
Person: what's with the 1000 chickens                      

Sean: oh that. Yeah just making it easier so I don't have to go to KFC or McDonald's you know. 

Person walks away thinking "why haven't I thought of that"
"WhAt aRe yoU cHiCkEn?"
~Jacksepticeye
Life is strange ep 3 is out Mr jack !!
Play fortnite u missed 3 seasons plz play it
Reporter: "Why did you decide to put yourself at risk and save those 20 orphans from a burning building?"

Jack: "Because, I'm Chicken"



 "W- What?"
Now Jack, you my man, have broken the laws of physics by using a chicken as a death machine. Well done 👍
God fawking damn it  that's way to funny Jack my boy
cluck!!cluck!! mutherfucker!!!
i would like a chicken who talks like that😂😂😂😂😅😅
Jack: chickens never fight back
He says as he if killing someone
Sees thumbnail

Sekiro: Shad ie twice?

I guess a chicken is the real slim shady?
Schmoyoho predicted this very day...
CHICKEN ATTAAAACCK~!
Hey jack please hard my comment🥰
"I am perfectly camouflaged as an enemy"    -Jacksepticeye 2019 4:57
Chicken + sword =revenge for eating his family
5:02
" you thought it was your friend, but it was me, DIO"
Marty McFly: "Nobody.... calls me... A CHICKEN!"
Jack*imma pwove them wrong* 
Me*now that’s my type of grammar*
Its chiki-do/chiki-ro not cluckydo
I wrote a poem just for you.



Roses are red.....
VIOLETS ARE PURPLE GODDAMMIT!!!!!
Nobody: 

Jack be like: ZERO DEATHS!!!
This is probably the most wholesome big black c**k video you'll ever get to see.
SHEKEERO is how it's pronounced
Jack: Winner Winner Chicken Dinner
Robin: Huh, looks like a Victory Royale
*chicken noises*
Time to cluck time to clucking die by a chicken ninja
Chicken Attaaaaaaaaack -Schmoyoho
DO MORE FECKIN TABS PLEZZZZZZZ not trying to be mean
Doing better than a certain Swedish man. 
Also watches while eating chicken
jACKKKKKK PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 I BEGGG
" Don't worry, I'll keep you under my wing, my tiny little featherless child " - Jacksepticeye, 2019
Tengu: a spirit warrior of Japanese mythology which resembles a humanoid crow.
I've been subed since 4 Mill watching all ur vids since for ever 🤣😭😂
I think I saw a "Jack o Lantern" in the background.
We should give the chicken a name like chickja and when he kills someone he says the wisest thing you’ve ever heard of





CLUCK CLUCK MOTHERFUC*ER
Changes video name*
This is is more fitting
Jack now you a roasted literaly



Sorry if i writed something wrong
Am i the only one that thinks jack is starting to look like Baldur from God of War.
This is legitimately one of your best vids
Why did the turke cross the road?






To prove he's not a chicken
Jack's logic:
Almost got murdered by his own kind
Jack:"Cannibal chickens!"
[Later...]

Jack:"Mmmmmm...Delicious, no wonder everyone wants to kill me"
Me:(Literally) "Cannibalism!!!!!"
It's a mothercluckin ROOSTER, not a CHICKEN.
Its a BBC
(Big Black Chicken) 😉
This is reskined dork souls
I suspect Camilla will be proud of this playthrough :)
watches video
Ad for Tyson chicken pops up
3:23
Wait...
Could it be?
WE FOUND THE MAN IN THE CHICKEN COSTUME!!!!
(I bet nobody here gets the Grian joke... *cries*)
Psychologist: Dont worry ninja chicken doesnt exit, he cant hurt you




Ninja chicken:
jack type youtubers react to all the way song you like it
can you pleeese play life is strange 2 episode 3
OMG yesss! Jacksepticeye + Sekiro = <3  
Do we get a lets play too?? =D ;)
One armed chicken
Feathers never fall
Cluckiro,,,,, revenge is best served fresh, never frozen.
I ate chicken tacos for dinner O.o
roses are red
violets are blue
where the heck






is life is strange 2
Jacksepticeye is impossible to beat with CHICKEN PUNS
He calls himself Cluckiro. Which sounds like 'Clucky though.' which sounds very funny when he says. "I'm clucky though."
Cluckiro: Chickens Cluck Twice
Peckiro, shadow Fry twice
Hey jacksepticeye, you can play crossfire legend
hein men,passa o link pra baixar este mod.... achei muito foda
You should play as 2B
The chicken knight, the cluck warrior, the feathered champion. I am... THE MIGHTY PECKER
I don't know if it is just me but the Chicken is going to give meh nighmares...
I remember when  Jack played this game before. It was one of my favorite videos. NINJA
Im here becuz i misspelled the video name.
Cluckerio 
Chickens always fly
I would chicken out 😂
I opened the video to finish it, and perfect timing. 2:29
in our country, we kill chickens and turn them into nuggets

But in Japan, the chicken turns you into the nuggets
When will satisfactory be back????
Watching this while I'm eating chicken.🐔🍗🤣
JACK I LOVE U UR MA FAVE YT I WAS HERE SINCE 1 MILL AS SOON I SAW A SCREEMING IRISH MAN IT WAS MY CALLING TO WATCH U
that's an ugly chicken


not you jack you're okay
Mothercluckers...
Good job Jack.
"Chicken Attack" kept playing in my head while watching the whole video.
I went to KFC and said the chicken will rise
Jack: Chickens never fight back
Chicken avatar Proceeds to Slice the Shii out of a Samurai
this his hungarian two tailed dog party on national television
10: 23 He knows exactly what he's doing.
11:00  Welp, at least he wasn't a chicken... wait.
am i the only one who instantly thought of chicken attack by schmoyoho xD
Jack do more Subnutica Below Zero the SHADOW LEVIATHAN IS HERE and you have more mods for the sea truck and I think you can freeze to death but prob not (be careful still)
I don't know why, but I think Jack will make a very good sports coach 👍🏼
..
Anyway, I sorta make videos too, but mostly useless stuff ✌️
The poultry man returns once again!
just never mess with chickens on skyrim
Alright, who gave the chicken a sword

I’m looking at you Billy
The thrilling adventures of the most recent graduate of Cluck U.  (love the video edits too btw)
Am I the only one who immediately thought about the Legend of Zelda chickens?
When you get the chance you need to play the game "A plague tale"
Jacksepticeye ended the video..
He probably chickened out
i will keep you under my wing nice one xD
so jack is playing "cluckiro, chickens fry twice" the remastered version
Haha...but....this always put a smile on my face.
I'm still confused how he became a chicken
CLUCKIRO: Feathers Never Fly
This beautiful chicken warrior is me smashing my preparations for the exams with that PMA!
day 5 of asking jack to play life is strange 2 epi 3 


edit i saw your community post no rush! dont want to take this down because i never had so many likes
me, a marvel fan first, a human being second: I bet sekiro is actually Loki.
This chicken remind me Of the Family Guy Chicken Lol Lol
The chickens got revenge and turned on each other
Jack, I watched your Sekiro stream on twitch, but you didn't finish it, is there a part 2 somewhere?
That's a chicken motherf*cker

Like if u get it.
He has the bell demon on, that makes the game a lot harder ( you can tell by the amount of skill points he gets)
Jack : * sees a boy in a cave *
Also Jack: CoMe WitH mE tinY seWEr ChiLd
He was a fine upstanding Bantam Cock
So brisk and stiff and spry
With a springy step and a jaunty plume
And a purposeful look in his eye
In his little black laughing eyes there was...
I took him to the coop and introduced him to
My seventeen wild eyed hens
He upped and he tupped as a hero tups
He bowed to them all and then
He upped and he tupped them all again!
The more I look at it Sekiro looks like a bad dark souls 3 great game
Notification squad where you at???? ( love you so much you helped me through dark times thank you keep up the good work)
Garden flipper
I swear I got messed up by a chicken with those move sets in my Livestream!!!
play maximum action pls!!!
Jack: I am a chicken!

Me: No! you are an Irish chicken
wait


ME: YOU ARE AN IRISH POTATO!
Thank you jack for pure content <3
Cluckido: Feathers that never fly
Roostero: Chickens Fry Twice
Link is shaking in his boots 😂
Editing was really good on this video 👍
its weird you have moresubs than your own countrie
It funny how every time I watch his videos I only get coke ads 😂😂😂
Thd Gaelic Chicken Gladiator had a Coke Zero sugar, same Coke, same great taste with a hint if added vanilla!!!!!!!!!!
You seen it here folks Jacksepticeye became Kong Pow Chicken🍗
I clicked faster than the flash when the vid popped up🤣





Also who else was watching his other vid when this popped up (me)
Hey Jack,Will you ever finish playing shadow of mordor on the channel
Jack play more subnautica
クラクリオ (Cluckiro) The feathers never die
"Oh Wait, Chickens can't fly." Words of wisdom from Jacksepticeye
Dang those mothercluckers!  They always get in the samurai chicken's way. Go Jacksepticeye!
I love Chicken. " GET IN MY BELLY"
Please play life is strange epi 3
Wtf?
I unsubbed like six months ago.

YT just resubbed me.
If anyone has been chased by an angry rooster as a child...
They know the face of true fear watching this.
They say shinobi are able to transform into animals. This one only became more eerily intimidating when he got stuck halfway through his transformation.

Also, I've always thoroughly enjoyed when Jack plays open-world games and posts highlights and shenanigans from them. It's great fun to watch and good advertisement for the games.
Remember if you see a chicken running up to you
I literally have a chicken sleeping next to me rn
Hey jack please read my comment 
I just want to say I really love uu
U r the king of YouTube for me 
You make me laugh all time 
Luv ur screams
More Cluckiro pls
You should play Travis Strikes Again No More Heroes, it's a good game
.-. cluck cluck but where is LIFE IS STRANGE HUH? ITS BEEN A WHILE. IM SURE IM NOT JUST THE ONLY ONE WAITING
sekiro means wise and learned elder, it also means paraffin.
Jack can u pls play live is strange 2 eps 3 thank you
(That one kid)
UUUUUUHH NOOOO ITS A ROOSTER NOT A CHICKEN
Cluckiro: Chickens Die Twice
You're not so scary!
Dude. Hes burning. Hes even more scary now!
I need to see more episodes of Cluckido: Feathers Fly
Cluckido omg i cant 😂😂😂 i love this video
DID ANYONE THINK ABOUT THE YODEL CHICKEN VIDEO?
chick-fil-a: the revenge
Do the shrek or the thomas the tank engine mod !
I'm suing for emotional distress because you not playing Life is Strange 2 ep 3
Ha the next day he uploaded it im droping charges
Jack.. I really need you to play life is strange 2
clock at do ol do 
enjoy sir 
eazy chease does it
The chickens are evolving
"Chickens never fight back" Memory of the chicken dad rescued off a slaughter truck surfaces Oh they do, Jack. They do... 

(He was super sweet to dad, but he hated cameras. He'd peck the ever living shit out of them when dad tried to film him xD)
Inspired me alot! ❤️ Really love your videos Jack! 🔥

How many are watching everyday?!
👇🏻👇🏽👇🏾
Can you play lego worlds again because the full game is out now
Finally, a worthy opponent
Our battle will be legendary!
I finished this game in a week im a PRo GAmEr
“What do you call yourself?” 

“Uhh... the Chicken Knight
The Cluck Warrior 
The Feathered Champion.” 

“So is that a full name or is there a surname in there somewhere...?”
Jackiboi!!!
is it just miss that he playd sikiro before DAMMIT
CHICKEN ATTACK!!
Nobody:
Jack at 9:05 : ALL THE WAY! (Keep on a cluckin’) ALL THE WAY!-
I stopped watching Jack for a while. Like a whole year of no jack. Gotta say, I like the beard
2:20 AAAAh! yep that's me. You probobly wondering how i got here? well I'll tell you on jacksepticeye live show tour :D DO YOU HAVE 90 MINUTES???????
Chicken Attack Flashback
Did he say ero-dynamic?!
Please do more random edits are so funny
Well well well Robin felt good today
Who clicked faster than the speed of light?⚡️




P.s. I do skits and films 🤙
Why did I think it was a good idea to watch this while in the library. I can't breathe
Dear Jack,

You are very weird and energetic person and we love your videos. However if you could bring back Satisfactory that would be great.

Sincerely, me
(If you get that reference good on you)
when life is strange 2 has made a new episode a jack hasnt made a new vid about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm sorry Jack but with that manbun you look like Dušan Nemec from watchdogs 2🤭
The word "Coca-Cola" is not SUPPORTED as the core of this video 

Nobody:

Me: IS THIS DESPACITO?
no jack it is cluckers is the greatest hero we've never seen
The fearsome shinobi “cockashi”
Jack:I am the mother clucker
this is basically for honour with chimkens
Hi Jack! I know you probably won't read this but I just wanted to let you know that Life is Strange 2 Episode 3 is out. Love from the Philippines ❤❤❤ BTW you never failed to make me laugh. Keep up the good work!
I kept seeing videos saying Sekiro was a hard game that told Souls and Bloodborne to hold its beer yet here we are with an Irish man playing as a chicken having no problem stealth killing half the enemies and beating the first boss which most people struggled with...seems right 😏
"Chickens never fight back." 6:57
Legend of Zelda begs to differ.
Jack!! They made the DLC for House flipper
NEED GAMEPLAY OF THIS GAMEERE
Are you gonna play Life Is Strange Episode 3?
I was you 9,621 subciber
Clucking all the way, To clucking victory town
Play Sims 4 please I'm desperate and i miss youtubers playing it before
jack i saw you voice in bendy in the ink machine
Life is strange 2 episode three anytime soon? No hate at all love u! Just curious if we can expect it anytime this week? If not totally chill!
Cluckito: Feathers Unleashed
You know what would of made the thumbnail better...  Chicken Boo
Sikiro is just the japanese version of Dark Souls.
They're after me Clucky Charms.
4 views 100 likes...okay YouTube
You are losing subscribers, pls check on social blade.
The true villain of Hyrule
Cluckiro, Feathers never fall
Life is strange 2 episode 3 boiiii imma waiting
Cluckin All the way sounds like a real chick flick tbh
I’ve never seen a chicken that cluckin big
The chickens fight for there freedom!
I feel bad that the entire video I've been roasting jacks  man oxtail
Hey please upload Life is strange 2 episode 3 love you thanks
perfect song:chicken attack
Can you play more cluckiro?
Jack, Play On Rush, It’s a cool car derby, race, and c
hallenge game. It also has a lot of explosions ( :
Jack do more subnatica below zero
PLEASE PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 PLS
"I'm gonna poo dem wong."

            - The Firece feather warrior
Is that you Chicken Boo?
2:19 loving the AquaFPS nod😂
Jack:Same great coke taste...
Veiwers:aw shit, here we go again
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner PUBG Reference
[#1 Victory Royale]
Pls more satisfactory w/Robin
You should play Life is Strange 2 episode 3
someone needs to edit this video with the Gregory brothers/schmoyoho's chicken attack playing PLEASE!!!
why you dont do a sekiro let's play~~~
Jack can u play "kholat" its a horror game :D
Edit: or "the sinking city"
Jack... "This is a chicken that memes business"
hay jack can you please play a plauge tale of innocence it's a awsome game :D
Best part was the ad I got for Tyson chicken LoL 😂
Chicken ninja is best ninja
Life is strange part 3 is out, you should play it
Jack do more vacation simulator
Hey Jack, what Headphones do you use?
Even Master Chicken is going into battle, and he's a complete chicken
sekiro mods? Did you mean "Jack making chicken puns for 13 minutes?"
Its like we are telling him not to play life is strange lol
You ever see a chicken in action? Those things will claw your eyes out without remorse. 
Someone calls you a chicken, you thank them for noticing!
Your so awsome jack 😂😎
"Cluckeo, shadows cluck twice"
Life is strange 2 please
Thank you Irish Boi, Very cool 😏
~ Chicken Boo, What's the matter with you?
You don't act like the other chickens do.
That look in you eyes, means that someone will die.
Cause you're not a man, you're a Chicken Boo ~
You should play total war Rome 2
Seclucko: Feathers Fly Twice
Chicken Boo, what's the matter with you?
You don't act like the other chickens do
You wear a disguise to look like human guys
But you're not a man, you're a Chicken Boo
I think jack is turning Japanese he is really turning Japanese, I really think so......lol
9:26 good impression!!
Is this an ancestor of the chicken from Family Guy?
"shhh no witnesses..... CLUCK CLUCK BITCHES" says jack the almighty chicken warrior.
The Netflix adaptation of Chicken run
Woha am I second? XD

Actually truly hoped he would upload life is strange today ._.
Guess I'll watch it somewhere else ._.
9:55 betraying the chicken clan
A shinobi cucko
The wolf is now a chicken
~X gon give it to ya~ Sek gon clock it to ya
And this, ladies and gentlemen is why you should play the game on pc
Its been a long time since I watched Jacksepticeye but his hair and beard kinda makes him look like Baldur from God of war
That's Cluck Norris right there
well winner winner chicken dinner is PUBG
Hey Sean,
Could you please play more or Wilson's heart? You haven't played it in such a long time and you haven't finished it yet.
When are you going to play the new episode of life is strange?
Oh look is Jack playing as Wade but with hair? :v
Everyday he looks more an more like a viking. Also why am I not surprised that he's playing as a chicken 😂😂 😂😂
robot chicken has changed a bit
When you have your hair in a man bun you look like your Gallic gladiator ancestors
I WORK SO HARD ON YOUTUBE🤧💯
JUST SO THESE PEOPLE WILL SUPPORT ME
👇🏽❤️😇
Cluckido: Feathers Fly Twice
Ack-ohnmy God Jack you look so different...what has 2019 done to you😂
🐔We're all pink slime on the inside! 🐔
If this is blue You’re An OG Jack$ubscriber🤭
👇 You can be an OG Of Mine Today🙏🏼
Jack we are still waiting for a gaurdians of the galaxy part 2
U should react to edp445 jacksepticeye
Is jack playing this on PC?
Are you like 40
When are the Statisfactory video's comming again?🙈
Jack's ponytail is adorable!
R/sekiro is gonna love this
PLAY MORE SATISFACTORY WITH ROBIN!
The feathered warrior😂😂 finger licking goodness😂😂😂 his commentary is just funny
No Jack your wrong the chickens could always fight......


Well at least in the legend of Zelda games
if he was a James Bond chicken, he would be called Double O Cock lol
Hey jacksepticeye do you think you can probably do cuphead on expert mode cuz it's harder
Im literally eating flavor shots from kfc while watching this
Cluckiro: Feathers never fall
Why jack hair just like Ninja👹🗡️
Jack said "Winner Winner Chicken Dinner" 
Jack then proceeded to add the Fortnite Victory Royale pic.🙃
pin this if you read the comments 🤔
a robin is editing for a chicken... Huh
Name of the game ..... sekiro don't cluck twise
No I like the haircut keep it!
Cluckiro: Feathers shall fly
Mmmm I recon we havein... Chicken for dinner boys ah-hu
Cluck cluck mother f*cker. Need I say more to strike fear into your heart?
nice vid jack i LOVE IT
Nugget will remember Jack as a Legend!
Chicken Samurai reminds me of the time Samurai Jack got turned into a chicken
The Chicken Knight of the Kentucky Isles, The Finger-Licking Warrior! Clucksepticeye!
Chickiro: chickens cluck twice
"Is this what Japan's really like?" You just spent a weekend there...
Dafuq how many times u said chicken
Link vs ninja chicken,WHO WILL WIN?
The mod should replace the chicken enemies with Sekiro.
I love me some BEANS
Different editor? :thonk:
PETA made this chicken this is wat PETA has been working on this is PETAs secret weapon exposed 😱😱😟😟😟😟😱😱😱😱
Chicken Attack Who remembers that song from shmoyoho
The boss fights are KFC and nando's
We need more cluckers!!!!
6:10 a chicken have a chicken dinner
10:00 Did anyone else think he was going to scream "TOP OF THE MORNIN TO YA!!!" at the top of his lungs?
I raise chickens. Some of the roosters are actually this ruthless. You need a shield just to feed them. Whoever calls you a chicken for being a coward, say thank you. Roosters are some vicious birds, and they always go for the face.
You now it's been a very long time since you've played Don't Starve. I know you've been busy playing a lot of newer games and setting up other things for the future for us, but Klei has came out with a lot of new things. I wish I could watch you play it again for good times sake.
Take a shot every time he says chicken or makes a chicken joke
The memes are strong with this one
The chicken shinobi trained his whole life to defeat his mortal enemy: Colonel Sanders
7:06 winner winner chicken dinner
Hilarious ending!!!
SHURA ENDING PLEASE XD
Bruh you look like grandayys profile pic on youtube
11:56
Roberrrrrrrrrrrrrrtoooooooooo ~ !!!
jack play days gone
Clukiro, These Feathers Can't Fly
That Chicken is Sekiro's Brother but got cursed and turned to a chicken lol
apparently Cluckiro has 22k feathers on his body.
Jack will you be playing life is strange 2 episode 3
CHICKEN ATTACK!!!!
Chicken McCloud; There can only be One
0:08 Sekudo? 0:12 another Sekudo
3:48 😂😂😂 Me too Sean, me too
The guy said NANI?! 1:13
CLUCK CLUCK MOTHERCLUCKERS remind me of the bock bock beach scene in Crazy Rich Asians.
Well, it's time to go vegan!
Play life is strange2 please
Chickiro: Roosters Fry Twice.
How many times did Jack say chicken? Lmao
Do life is strange or else I’m drive by you .
Jack- we would LOVE to see you play this game through.
you should play hello nabor hide and seek
Insert the chicken attack song meme here
Damn Chick-fil-A just got extreme.
Reminds me of Skyrim...:v
Play spellbreak
Woah sekiro's menu looks like a dark souls menu 😯
The chicken attack song started playing in my head
This reminds me of that one song..



Chicken Attack!
that's some spicy fry chicken
The chickens from Zelda has mutated
“Ima poov dem wong guys”
~ Jacksepticeye, 2019
Cluckido feathers never fly
Did Sean just say mf? Maybe the cursing is coming back slowly :p
KFH Kentucky fried human
I wanna know the entire back story to that goblin child, lmao
Chicken Attack yodeling
Life is strange season 2 episode 3 came out
more of this....Please!
MOTHERCLUCKER!
Cluckiro... 





Dinners never fly
CAN WE HAVE MORE KERBAL SPACE PROGAM???
“ Is this what Japan’s really like”
I don’t know, is it? You’ve been now
Omg it’s been forever since I watch you and I came back to see you with that awesome hairstyle 💯💯🙏🏽
Jack, are you chickening out?
Mix this with the yodeling chicken man from japan.
"You wear a disguise to be like humans guys! But you're not a man, you're a chicken boo!"
Jack, look up chicken attack!
Wow, Jack's actually good at a game
Jack fittin in there with the man bun
Of course chickens can understand Japanese have u ever heard of HENtai
It's not just a chicken with a sword. It's a human sized chicken with a sword and cat reflexes.
10:30 the battle of the farmer and the chicken begin
You're itachi lol
Jack can u play days gone?
THE MOTHERCLUCKER IS BACK! MOTHA FACCA
It’s a rooster not a chicken 🤓🤯
Cluckers cluck twice
Woah, chickens got their revenge
The first 60 seconds of this is gold, and it just gets better from there.
You could say Genichiro wanted some chicken fingers when he cut off that hand.
You should play A Plague Tale: Innocence
the chicken attack song would have been the best background music for this video
Life is strange 2 episode 3
Found his chicken brother that escaped his Red rooster horror
Ive not seen one of your vids since you had 5 mil subs and you are hella diffrent
The chickens are going to fight back against the Black people😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂
Finally!!!
I haven't been for a while now jacksepticeye has a man bun🤔🤨😑
THANKS JACK THAT WAS AWESOME CHICKEN IS VERY POPULAR THESE DAYS I LIKE THE BREAST AND LEGS , THIGHS EVERY TUESDAY IS CHICKEN SPECIALS  AT POPEYE'S AND CHURCH'S CHICKEN HAVE A NICE DAY AND GET YOU SOME CHICKEN OR CHICKEN NUGGETS IF THEY HAVE HAVE SOME IN YOUR TOWN 🤗🤗👌👍
Jack more mods!!!
And people laughed when link said the chickens were deadly
The Heavenly Fowl
the clucking has arrived
3:50 Barry Kripke intensifies
Sounds like somthing I have heard befor 9:27
Sekiro? More like Chickiro


I'll let myself out.
I’ve been watching you since I was 7 (I’m 13) and i still love watching your videos but can you please follow through when making a series and not just stop playing the game without reason, thanks
I've been gone for a while nice beard
GOTTA LOVE DA MANTAIL
jack when r u going back to house flipper
Anyone else have the Chicken Boo theme song stuck in their head?
PLAY TERRARIA PLEASE!!!!
ONE OF MY FAVORITES U MIGHT LIKE IT
The new Chicken Run is looking good
To the peeps that see this:
Let’s get jack to 1 mil!!!!!! Ik we can do it!!!!! 
To jack: It May take a bit of time but me and the others will stick with you!! Keep up the good work!!!!
One question. Did Jack play this mod just to make chicken jokes/puns?
Whats with the Japanese hair lately not just this video but the others 😕
Clucking all the way to Victory Town
is that  a chickens
This reminds me of overgrowth just more WEIRD
hey jack are you getting oculas quest
i should not have found half of the jokes hilarious
Were-chicken???
After watching this it’s reminds me of that chicken attack song lmao 😂
Lol, did you see that guy fall at 9:32
was I the only one who thought of the all the way remix with clucks in it when jack said clucking all the way
eats chicken stares at the feathered warrior sorry.
play my friend pedro
This is the chicken attack song, the gore version
This should be the new name, Chickiro: poultry fries nice
Full chicken gameplay pls?
Just reminds me of the japanese man who yodels about chickens...
Jack the greatest chickenobi in japan
Chickens CAN Fly lol...
That hair.. Oh god please no. Not the mangirl top-knot
WELCOME TO A GAME WITH THE EPIC CHICKENS
Hay jack, have you ever heard of a game called hacknet?
Please do a full playthrough
I WILL POOV DEM WONG!!!
Cluckiro, feathers fall twice
Has anyone else noticed the new editing style?
Cluckin all the way well done Jack you just gave away a multi-million pound movie idea
please do a playthrough of this jacksepticguy
Today’s episode is all about chicken 







Look at all those chickens 👀
Yesterday I really should not have eaten chiken nuggets
Jack can you please play last day on Earth
Commas are important. For example, compare "Eat that, chicken!" With "Eat that chicken!" Two completely different meanings!
He is the aerodynamic chicken warrior
Cluckin ALL THE WAAAYYYYY
I wanted to make a reference to that giant chicken from Animaniacs, but realized that nobody would get it if I didn't at least mention it's name, Chicken Boo. But the joke about Chicken Boo was always that people never saw through his disguise and thought he was a regular guy, which I can't pretend is the case anymore after having called him by his name, Chicken Boo.
Chicken
Boo
This is the reality vegans want!
Jack you should do a video where you react to everyone joins the battle videos and you are in the newest one
Hi jack just realized when are you going to do a drawing your tweets or reading your comments again I understand if you don't want to but love the video love you keep up the good work byeeeeee 😁😁😁
It a rooster
Play far cry new dawn. Like so jack can see
Jack can you livestream sekiro again?
People of the comments I come to you with a question. With your permission I shall ask.
Jackkkk, play A Plague Tale
Where is hahaha button react?
Instead of Itachi killing the whole Uchiha clan it’s Cluckido killing the Fingerlickingood clan
You should play Border officer its like a 3d papers please
this is gonna be a series right?
Ha ha my parents are fighting in the other room
I've just been on live subscriber count and you're losing a lot of subscribers jack but ill always be here x
You all see a chicken.
I see one angry cuckoo.
You mess with the birdo, you get the hurto.
Do more of it please
😂😂that’s a rooster
Next mod adds the antithesis to the chicken - Peter Griffin.  And actually chickens do fly.  They sleep in trees when not in coops.
My dog loves chicken feet… those cluckiro feet would be a nice treat for him 😂
I woke up not realizing that this is what I needed in my day. I now know, I need more of this, please.
I miss your drum vid make anatha one
You are awesome keep up this good videos
if only there was a stick man mod!
Sooooo... you gonna play Shrekiro?
please continue this
Finally! A mainstream game
Chimkn nunget
You should of put the face cam on the right so you could see the enemy health bar
can we a part two
LABOR CANT MANAGE MONEY
this must have been what it would be like if itachi was a chicken
Can we all comment the song title "chicken attack" to inform sean of the glorious song hes been missing out on
I'm watching this while eating a chicken leg...
0:05 joo assume mah GeNdEr
Life is strange 2 episode 3 pls
can you mod tabs?
plz play life is strange episode 3
Chicken attack
Life is strange 2 has a new chapter.
If there isn't an animation of this Imma be sad 😂
Play some more pls!!!
This is the most badass chicken ninja I've seen....and trust me, I've seen A LOT of chicken ninjas :)
Oh god. After the outro music jack became the chicken!!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIFES
Queue Chicken Attack -By Shmoyoho
Chicken run 2 looks really intense!
Nothing jack does surprises me anymore XD
Imagine that chicken being the last thing you see before you die
You wear a disguise to look like human guys, but you're not a man, your a chicken boo!
Sean"it's a bridge of wilies!" Happy wheels 93 idk why i said that.
Lel lel you should play more
Play life is strange 2 episode 3
when KFC fights back
The title has changed hasn't it
you should play this game called crosscode
All I can think of is the opening cut sceen of fable 3
If you cook chicken wings he will cut your dingleling
Anyone else been wachting since the minecraft videos?
You’re the best YouTube channel
more like a roaster but it's still a chicken ^>^
this whole video is an ad by vegans. i enjoy it
chicken attack
schmoyoho
Play more satisfactory
Sings Schmoyoho's
CHICKEN ATTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
Only 90s kids remember this video being called "I played as a giant horrifying chicken (Sekiro Mods)"
About time you play Sekiro.
Straight cluckin water
3:17 MY WING!! HE CLIPPED MY WING!!!
The chicken is taking revenge. Next stop KfC
when are you going to play tabs again?
They say he has pure skyrim blood in him
I realized the irony half way in the video that I was eating a chicken
He better do more of this!
Anybody who spends enough time around chickens IRL knows they're pretty ninja


I once had a chicken jump up my left side to try to get on my left arm, realize in mid jump that my left arm was down at my side and not available for a perch, then fucking wall-run across my chest and land on my right arm, and finally just look at me like nothing had happened
Clucky McCluckerson
"cluck cluck B!tchs"
I don't like the editing
It should be chickiro
anyone else think of kung fu chiken from this? no? i dont expect anyone else to have watched that show XD
I was really hoping he was going to say A chicken to surpass metal gear
Link nightmare come true 😨😨😨
As a chicken owner in real life I can confirm chickens do indeed fight back if need be xD
chicken. ATTACK
Just watching this reminded me of another youtube video with chickens and ninjas called Chicken Attack.
Play blade and sourcey
BEEP BEEP MOTHER CLUCKERS!!!!!!
I swear the title was changed
I'm Sean McCluckin.
Who was here before the title changed?
Anyone else hear the song chicken attack when Jack revealed his character
9:47 I love how educational Jack's videos are. Now I finally know how a chicken's mating ritual works. Seems quite lethal though...
When is he gonna play life is strange ep 3
It's none other than the Gaelic Garnished Hen.
Can’t stop looking at dem chicken legs
Jack please play days gone
2:50 When youre custom character is in a cutscene
Is this just the easy mode gimmick?
Go chicken gooo! Chicken attaaaaaack!
Chicken warrior!
Mother clucker.
col sanders better run and hide lmao
Someone count how many times he said chicken
I went to comicon to see this game I played it it looked very cool
hey jack can you play supreme commander forged alliance please. trust me your enjoy it.
Jack could you do a play through or upload the playthrough on twitch on here. I tried watching on twitch but my mobile data isnt good enough. Kinda sucks to be missing out on content.
clociro fethers never fall
Sean life in strange season 2’s next episode is out
I’ve been with you since the beginning.I wish I could be as successful as you are.😢
CLUCK CLUCK BITCHES
Life is strange season 2 ep 3?
WHERE'S THE LIFE IS STRANGE 2 PEOPLE I NEED IT
@10:07 Chicken says Top In a Morning To Ya! My name is Chicksepticeye.
A shinobi is a female samurai
AWWW CLUCKERZZZZZZZ
Maybe it would've helped if you threw your hands i the air and yelled "ZA WORLDO!!!"
"Oh god they gave the chicken a sword" he's clearly never heard of cockfighting.
do real play through lol as the chicken
Being a chicken actually makes the game look better lol
That man bun do
can we talk about how you look like your from sekiro with that topknot and beard
HEY JACK TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY
Where is the SUBNAUTICA!!!
You should try the "Degenerate Sekiro" skin
Not gonna lie, I thought this said “Shrekido.”
Get clucked
Chickens eat each other all the time
The Chickens are rising up for eating their kind
KFH (Kentucky fried humans)
Hmm... slightly terrifying but interesting.
8:50 the chicken senses kicked in, he dodged the shot
Hay life is strange 2 episode 3 is available now
The cluckening has begun
I knew Chicken Sensei was this badass
Mothertrucker dude that hurt like a buttcheek on a stick
I haven’t watched so long when I turn off the video  freaking beard I love your videos and what are you doing please never change I really like you and the way you are you’re an amazing person ever change
Cluckiro kfc comes twice
HE'S NOT A CHICKEN HE'S A ROOSTER. CHICKENS DON'T HAVE THAT RED THING ON THERE HEAD AND UNDER THERE CHIN HE'S NOT A CHICKEN HE'S A ROOSTER
Chicken attaaaahahahaaack  (goes up in pitch) Chicken attaaaaahahahahahack
watch your back before it fades to black




Oh wrong video sorry
lol
Roster not chicken
JACK ALERT ALERT I JUST SAW A AD FOR PEPSI ZERO SUGAR
do more cookie dough please
Seriously it came out not long ago and you starting a lets play of it with a mod
You can't grow hair that fast maybe do not shave your hair in this wired style
This was fun
You could have hooked on the big guy
Before 100k
We all knew jack was secretly a c#%k
cluckio    chickens cluck twice
Chicken fight(yodel) your welcome
oh my god...
jack they added one punchman to tabs
patiently waiting for life is strange 2
Petition for jack to bring back hitman 2
Feudal Japan... more like FOODal Japan 😀
I’ve Ben watching jack Sence he had 124k subs
Cluck cluck mother trucker lol
Just looked at 3rd most popular youtubers and when I saw you I screamed THATS MY BOY (your my fav YouTuber and I live in America) this also makes me not want to eat KFC in front of him
Hey jack
How would a chicken hold a sword?
5:50 you mean peckers?
I AM CHICKEN
Ahh, good to see there's a ship out there for the Hoonter of Hoonters.
Its the cluckinater
What about sadifactory
Is beautiful * -*
Is chicken kaiju
I got this note 2 hours ago
Well, I guess we call him jackseptichicken now
Soo... Is it a Chinobi? Or a Shinicken?
Hey Jack, i just wanted to say that you making videos has gotten me through so many tough times, i know you might not read my comment but thank you so much for helping me through life by making me laugh even when i feel as if i dont remember how. Keep up your amazing work❤👍
Chicken Attack
JACK, YOUR HAIRRR
Jack you make me laugh wen I'm Don
Remember when he was complaining about how he couldn’t grow a beard
Y’all are playing with chickens and samurais while i’m here still playing The Witcher 3
Chickens will take over the world!🐓
"He died because he's a chicken and chickens can't fly" But Sean, he's a rooster. And roosters can and do fly...
I can't let anyone see me says Jack... as he got seen
Jack is the feathered knight the dark chicken the chicken man
Overgrowth 2 looks good
2:34 for jacksepticeye voice crack
9:04 is actually a remix of “All The Way” now made with a chicken instead of Steve
why does this remind me of overgrowth
Did he really grow his hair out JUST for this game? :D
More of this. Please. Complete that game as a chicken.
This video is brought to you by PETA




and vegans trying to get u on their side
CHICKEN ATTAAAAAaaAAAaaAAACK~!
I'll adopt him for $60.
KFH "KENTUCKY FRIED HUMAN"
Reading your comments please
When he fought the other chicken the first thing I thought and I shit you not my inner monologue yelled “COCKFIGHT”  there is no hope for me
It's my birthday, the 14 May
The video actually ended for me
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Play more TABS!!!
A man sized chicken is enough to make me feel uneasy no sword needed
play raft again
Yo theres a cool indie game on steam called birdgut on steam for free you should check it out
EAT DA FEET
"all those other feckers" I'm struggling to decide which pun would've been better - peckers or feathers.
Okay there Peter Pan, calm down now lad.
Wings anyone? lol
It would be funny if the enemy's hit you and then it did the thing from legend of Zelda when you hit the chickens
play fortnite
Jack your cool your a Vera cool dude
The chained ogre has the same sound effects as the goons from dying light
That's a lean chicken nugget
A m e r i c a n
Too much edits
Your just like the giant chicken from animaniac's but instead of hiding your identity you embrace your finger liking self
One can say this video is.... ImPECKable
IT WAS THE MAN IN THE CHICKEN COSTUME!
0:20 So is mine!
Were you not really good at this game jack? Or why did we not get a play through of this game?
Jack your right the giant is wwe wrestler the 
Giant do is Dropkick and Powerbomb
Life is strange 2 NEW EPISODE 😔
I am eating chicken while watching this
TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA CHICKENS
0:28 that vibe feels very much like skyrim
Play more fortnite lol
This looks like Skyrim
JSE.Plz play dumb ways to draw.it's like dumb ways to die which you played a lot of years ago.From 2011 I think.
The New KFC Chicken tastes really weird and it has a sword for some reason....
I wish your videos were longer
Why would you use fortnite instead of pubg
I thought shadows die once???
He sounded like courage the cowardly dog at the end.
Life is strange 2 episode 3!!!
2:50 😂😂 As We Can See A Wild chicken has appeared
Someone count how many times jack says chicken this episode
PLEASE return chicken friend
He's so brave to get into any danger and he's a CHicken
Life is strange 2 episode 3 please.
Guess you could say.. Jacksepticeye is a wingman
The ninja turtles could eat their hearts out, the chicken is taking over!!!!
Why does Jacksepticeye look like the next Kratos?
2:18...lol
Chicken have Been kfc for too long now it’s the chickens who will turn the humans into WTAF
But that's a rooster. Oh well.
The chickens in this game are brutal
he's the ostrich from naruto
The night is dark and full of feathers
3:00 genderless child intensifies
Ain't no thing but a-   3:16   too soon?
chicken die twice
Life is strange 2 episode 3 please
Hey jack when are you going to play life is strange 2 again
Got a Tyson chicken ad in a video about a chicken samurai going on a killing spree that practically rivals genocide. Irony at its finest.
Life is strange ep 3 is out now
"He hurts" thats what she said
If i had a shot for everytime jack said chicken, I'd have alcohol poisoning
2:04 Jack, chickens are female
Jack : I will kill T-series
I didn't know Greckles would be in here!
This chicken will make an appearance on Game of Thrones
Only mildly disappointed that all the enemies don't look like Peter Griffin...
Does Jack not swear any more??
Life Is Strange ?? Plz
When is the next episode of satisfactory coming out?
Please listen to chicken attack.
Does anyone know the chicken's name from Family Guy that Peter always fought?
This makes me think of that chicken attack song
Sims 4
Special chicken move I believe I can fly
Black Cluck Down!
Wasnt the title different?
Colonel Sanderzssssz!!!!
Jack play blades and sorcery it’s like gorn but better
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out
Please more
Jack play life is strange 2 episode 3 it’s messed up
It's a frickin' chicken.
Where is satisfactory
In America you eat chicken but in china chiken eat you
I know this is kinda out of context, but where would be a good place to send Jack fanart?? What experiences has people had with sending fanart to different places with the hopes of Jack seeing it?
Please play for honor
Jack LIS ep 4 is out!
“Oh  oh wait chickens can’t fly “
I wish there was another Hotline Miami game. Hotline Maimi 3 must happen even the developers don't want too.
Look up and listen to the song Chicken On A Raft only instead of 'chicken on a raft' its 'chicken with a sword' xD
Play wwe here comes the pain
When are I going to play life is strange 2 episode 3?????????????????????????
Chickens can fly
The one chicken that KFC was to afraid to cook
0:40 happy jack
This is my faverate video of all time
It’s Chicken Attack
Jack have you ever been atacked by a chickin?i have thats why im hiding i the comments so i dont have to see  what almost killed me
:^(
jack play a plague tale
I fear chickens now
He is the KFC = Killing Fantasy Chicken
Here’s an idea for a drinking game, you take a drink every time jack makes a chicken based joke. What are your estimates on the survival rate?
When are u going to post life is strange 2 episode 3
There is three stages of jack good jack Irish jack and jack jack
So now being a chicken means brutally slicing a man in half with a samurai sword, as a chicken
jack, can you play a plague tale innocence? pretty please? people said it's cool and i want to see you playing it. 😞
Jack can you play a plague of tale : innocent ? It would be nice if you play it. Please ?
Who thinks jack should play rage 2?
A weird looking chicken with disgusting man legs...it's just like the Sonic movie!
Jack play vr chat
doooo Mortal Kombat 11!!!!!!
Why did the chicken cross the road answer:to kill people:)
CHICKEN ATTACK...AH AH AH AH AH...!
Jack and his big black coc-, err , big black rooster, just destroying everyone.
Please do this again
what happened to life is strange 2
Oh no, it's the cockocalypse....
*Rooster
I like this new Assassins creed game.
Cuckero.
THE POULTRY PALIDIN
I had to start the video over just so i could listen to chicken attack song while jack is slashing everyone!
5:04 Dio
I don't speak japanese, and this is based off like 15 minutes of googling, but I think the "Ro" part of Sekiro means wolf? I also am guessing the equivalent for chicken would be Ji, so Sekiji?
# cluckcluckmotherclucker
Top 10 anime clucker
The cockerel has spiritual significance in many Asian cultures, so a warrior chook is not quite as silly as it sounds. And is.
I know nobody is reading or liking but I would want to see more of this.
LIFE IS STRANGE PLS PLS PLS 😭😭😭😭😭
your hair kinda looks like sekiro
Hollow Knight play hollow knight
They should have a movie made about the great feathered warrior.
..... What happend to you I stopped watching you for a bit .... No matter what I,lk still be by you side...
Gizzard? Have you been reading guardians of ga'hoole lately Jack?
My spirit aninal is a chicken will i be murderered cuz kfc
Since when did sean tie his hair
LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 PLEAAAAAAAAAAAAASE JACK
Psssssssssssssssst play life is strange episode three
The chicken of the round table
Please do assassin creed odyssey
Play some more please
"Mods"? You mean mod? This would have been the perfect opportunity to do the Shrek mod at least too.
thats not a chicken that is a rooster
Jack you should make this the beginning of a new series ware you add more and more helarious mods every episode also you should to that type of series for other games after this one
Play sonic.exe pls.
Are you going to do life is strange 2 episode 3, I think it is out by now
YASSSSS BROTHER CHICKEN!!!
Is it just me or does jack look like he does ted talks 😂
Where is Pedro did it come out yet?
Sekiro: Rooster Crows Twice
House tour
Why? And kfc is the only good food that delivery
Then next episode of Life is Strange 2 is out, when you going to play?
This is so funny
In the mordhau episode, I’m surprised he didn’t make at least one Hanzo ultimate sound.
Wow jacky chicken
I have a question: So I know that septiplier isn't something u 2 aprove of, but are u guis ok with Anti & dark being shipped? (I'm actualy not shure if that's a thing. Knowing the internet, it probably is.)
Is it me or does Jack look like Joseph seed now?
What is the record scratch from?
Do your enemies call you a ”dip chick”
Did anyone notice that we haven't punched the like button in tje face like a boss in awhile?
Jack used to remind me of Simon Pegg. Now he’s Baldur.
Jack you're a potato and that's a compliment
Hey why do the chickens attack you like even without mods is it cause they're giant or something
My brother told me this joke that I felt was appropriate here.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to his bitch's house.




Knock, knock.
-Who's there?
THE CHICKEN.
I had a chicken try to take my left eye once. I was 2 or 3 years old at the time, and since then I've had a fear of them.
♫ You should know that a man with the power of nature
Can bring you to the end of your luck
And you should know by my stride and the look in my eye
That you're about to be massively forced to give up!
Chicken attack
Chicken attack
Watch your back before it fades to black
They might look harmless but they'll kick your non-chicken ass
Go chicken go!
Go chicken go!
Now go, now fly
You own the sky ♫
Please play life is strange 2, there’s a new episode out
GIT GUD
Hey Jack you should revisit the Guardians of the Galaxy Telltale Game you only made one part on it and there are 5 episodes please revisit it. Chat like if you agree
More clone drone in the danger zone plz. I miss it. 😥😥😫😫😓
Anyone else think jack looks like the manndarin with that lil beard and ngl stupid lookin manbun he’s got goin on?
2:33 is that sasuke...
Does this mean we can call jack chicken?
This is actually a funny video unlike his videos now
Are you gonna be playing Life is Strange 2 any time soon?
More sekiro mods please!!!
JAAAAACK,,,,,,,That's Rouster stupid.......love you tho
That’s the suicide joke
Just wondering, why don’t you ever play happy wheels anymore?
This is funny, i'm eating Popeyes chicken
2:21 what movie is it from?
I wonder if theres a wolf mod for wolf
Happy wheels
I was eating fried chicken when I watched this.
Running out of ideas for videos, Jack?
That ad thoo
Moar
finally
Jack life is strange 2 watch the Trailer it’s cool it come out this year
13:08
Hahahahah Naruto joke
JACKKK 😭
Robin, your editing is fantastic throughout and Jack you never fail to make me smile!! Thanks!! ❤❤
Am I the only one who feels like his videos are different from older ones?
Did you know, chickens eat there own eggs even when not hungry
Youtube just subscribed me to you while I haven't been subscribed in 2 years or so. I don't know why but the nostalgia is rea.
Is this tokoyami great great great great great grandfather?
🍗🍗🍗🍗🍗
More please
2:20 What was that movie again
isn't that a girl? 2:58
Jack, i have a request for you. Not trying to be dramatic or anything like that but to the people who don't like Religious people, feel free to ignore this comment



Jack please remove your videos where the video contains you using curse words in the same sentence with Religious Words/Names or using Them as jokes or joking about Them. Also where your videos contains subtitles that subtitles Religious Words/Names with lowercases on The first letter
Jack, a new DCL for house flipper came out (it’s for garden stuff) so you don’t have your beautiful jackaboi home doesn’t look hideous bc of the plants
Wil you play with me on Fortnite?
Who's the butcher now
Ah. The chicken. Yes, I know him. Ah, that mighty poultry that killed my wife's brother-in-law's sister's brother's long lost uncle. I hated him anyways. That dang colonel. My dang colonel uncle, always attacking the chickens. Bless that Japan-Irish chicken. Bless him
When is the new Sally Face episode(s) coming out?
Hey Jack, just wanted to say I love your videos and you’ve inspired me in so many of them. I’m going to be starting my own YouTube channel in the next few months in a different name. Hopefully I can be as good as you are! But I want you to know you’ve done great things. Thank you for giving me endless entertainment over the years.
The chicken is going to eat them
Life is strange 222222 cmon
Speed is key jacksepticeye
Ik this is a syra ge request but could by any chance play with vanoss and all them they literalyntalk about u ocasionally lol
Am I the only one genuinely upset that the ogre was not modded to be Shrek ??
New editing style day 2. Not a fan
That was funny
Like so Jack sees this! 💕

JACK!
Could you please go to the "Upside down house" that will be open from May 18th?! It's in Brighton and it will only be open for 1 year! Please make a vlog about the surrealism?! 👏😊💕

(Who will be first, Jack or Pewds?)
I love the funny sound effects
Can you play haunt the house: terrortown in the future?
0:49 it’s too funny. I can’t breathe.
Hi I watch your videos nealy everyday and you always find a way to make me laugh I would like for you to put me in one of your read your comments video PLEASE
Who is eat chicken while watching this?
💚
Where is episode 3 of life is strange
It's Finger licken Moderate
3:32 what do you call yourself? the cluckold
more
Where’s the new life is strange video though????
Day 3 of asking Jack to play Life is Strange 2 Episode 3
Like so Jack sees!
Jack's cussing has come to an end (I thought when I said that Jack will stop cussing when pigs fly a month ago I knew this would come hoping for winged pork or flying bacon)
hmm lol
Story time: when I was about 7 we had this rooster that was really mean and would chase my cousins and would try to kick people with his spurs. When the rooster would get ready to attack anyone he would like hop from foot to foot really quickly and my dad figured this out relatively fast. So when the rooster would go to attack my dad, my dad would like "punt" the rooster away from him. (Don't worry it never actually hurt the rooster)
What type of jutsu does he use
Hi
So this is what happens in my stomach after I have KFC. No wonder I feel weird
Who's laughing?
come on Jack go play satisfactory again
Man... your videos are boring...
chickens are just little raptors
“You’re the chicken this city needs”
3:50 two wongs don’t make a white
feathur boye
I love Sekiro ❤️
Jack play tabs plsssssssss
They got cocked!
Imma boutta poove them wong.
Is that my brother, brother sorry brother you want to eat chicken your not my brother
el pollo loco
COCKsepticeye
Jack please play stupid games again
IT’S CHICKZILLA!!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!!! RUN FOR THE HILLS!!!!
Ahahhahahah
Play jurraaic world evolution
Get gud
*ching Chong intensifies
Ok just gonna say it I do not care for the man bun
When the loaded screen came and showed the chicken he was just not only am I warrior- I literally starting laughing
anyone else instantly think...  
CHICKEN ATAAAAAAACK sings
try sekiro degenerate mod
Chicken Boo, what's the matter with you? You don't act like the other chickens do. You wear a disguise to look like human guys, but you're not a man; you're a chicken, Boo.
It’s like they never seen a chicken with a katana
Jack cut off your man bun
😎😎😎
Nice
Nice
LOL is Felix bad compared to him..?
Is he ever going back to the spiderman game to do the other chapters
Where's life is strange?
How about a full play through of the unmodded story of the game?
All i can think of during this video is the chicken attack music video thing
I’m not looking at anything related to life is strange because I’m waiting for you to play it again!
No
Chikiro
For the love of god play life is strange strange already. Like what are you waiting for.
When will you record Life is strange 2 episode 3
Jack septic eye is the only YouTubed I’ve watched steadily for years
play life is strange season 2 episode 3
JACKKKKK! Are you going to play days gone??????????? You really should. I love you❤️!!!
THE MEMES OMG XD
I hope the chiken doesnt come for me cause i just ate chicken :,(
Also... heres CLUCKsepticeye playing XD
'winner chicken chicken dinner' *shows fortnite battle Royale sign"
Cluckiro: Eggs break twice
10:07 
Good Mythical Morning Intro starts playing 😂
kill the chicken ...oh i'm the las- X(
Are you going to get demonised for swearing
Got any tips for someone learning how to game on a laptop for the first time
Chickens will take over the world once don't you know
Try ur beard
Rather have watched his blind playthrough of this... :/
WHAT?!
Chicken chicken winner human dinner
Nice pun
Little Chicken all grown up.
Where in the hot Lord is life is strange 2 episode 3
play shelshockers
Sean what is your religion?
today be meh birthday
NOW for the war of the century, the one you have all been waiting for...
WWC: world war chicken!!!
THE KFC FIGHTS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cluck-i-ro
cluck-i-ro
clucking all the way
oh what fun it is to cluck on a one-cluck chicken wing
Lol that moment of realization 12:45
Jack you're the best and this game is awesome.
Can you play life is strange episode 3 please
Sence i last watched your video you jave turned into a hypi
Jack's spirit animal is chicken.
I remember the great chicken uprising of 1515. Those were some dark times.
Play life is strange 2 episode 3 pleaseeee
Bro chickens are evil who ever meant for chicken to mean coward
I wish you was whiteboard  that's scary Laugh Laugh 😱😱😱😱😱
That would be round of three jack
Hey guys look it's me
ITS A COCKEREL.
Like this for anti to come back this Halloween
..i was making eggs during this video. sorry.
life is strange 2 episode 3 ppppppppppplllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
OK Google what happened to does subnautica below zero do more of that you haven't finished the sea truck now I'm going to keep and I'm going to keep nagging about this until you actually do it
Still waiting for LIS 2 episode 3 hH
FUNNN!!!!
Sekiro shadows Die Twice but its actually Chicken shadows Die Twice
A Hat In Time






Jack pls play it...
You should do a video where you watch your own videos at X2 and X0.25 playback speed
PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2!!! <3
Bruh i love ur vidz
Cluck Norris
The chickens want revenge against cows ever since Chick-fil-A became what it is.
Chickens can fly but we trim their wings so that they can't
Play life is strange 2 episode 3
The chicken worrier
Hey Jack wanna hear a bad joke? A man walks into a barber's  office with a steering wheel down is pants. The barber turns around and says. "What's that?" The man shrugs and says. "They don't know, but it's driving me nuts."  Btw i love you stay awesome!
🍌💦💦Hey Jack play a game called Lorelai . It's really good game I want to see u play it. Who agrees?
Dude. Finger lickin' stealth.
Call Grian
You better watch your back, before it fades to black. It might seem crazy but it’ll kick your non-chicken a**. CHICKEN ATTA-AA-AA-ACK
what happend to the old jack with the yelling and the green hair
Why is there so little views on Jack's latest videos?
An this is why I don’t like chicken
Am I the only one waiting for a Foghorn Leghorn joke...
As someone who’s been watching jack for a long time, I enjoy watching the evolution in his videos. You can tell he’s trying new things to keep it interesting. Not only that but watching Robin grow with editing too is fantastic. Feels fresh and new!
Once agaIn Robin and Jack make a MARVELous team (｡’▽’｡)♡
Me:*sees the name of video*
Also me:*starts laughing my balls off*
you where a disguise to look like human guys 
but your not a man your a chicken boo
jack u should do more fortnite vids pls
play life is strange 2! the new episode came out!!
Samurai Cluck
Life is strange.....3😢 ooh I like this tooooo!
Thanks killing the best movie trilogy ever
"Chickens don't fight back"  Yeah they do.  Have you ever played Zelda????
Chicken attack
Why did the last part make me laugh so hard?
Where is life is strange 2 ep 3??????
Maybe it's a synthetic chicken arm
De gea
I had the weirdest day ever so we went to a restaurant and ordered our food so the lady who went to our table and sang happy birthday even tho it wasn’t and got free food and drinks I was confused as well my mum cousin and auntie was singing happy birthday awkwardly and then left awesome and awkward day today
JACK PLEASE PLAY 'the isle' YOU GET TO PLAY AS A DINOSAUR!!
Does Jack have a new editor?? Or has Robin just started using more sound effects?
Plerasss
Can i have you chicken jack???
I jack I know you might not find this but I just want to tell you that I’m going through a hard time right now you make me feel better every day I mostly see you instagram but I’m starting to each your YouTube love you jack
Rooster of the Rising Sun, you can have that one for free, *Wink*
you go sean. a brilliant chicken, a brilliant man. um. yeah (:
oh and you get rockets boosters
Why does Jack look like Kamsky from Detroit: Become human.
IAMAMOTHERCLUCKINGCHICKENBITCH
...cluck Norris... Yeah
play snakey bus driving a bus meets snake
Jack please play overwatch I love you no homo and play as ashe
Petition for jack to say motherclucker instead of the real word for the rest of his life
JACK PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE PLEASE!!!!
Can you play never alone
can you not cuss inymore
Sean can you please play life is strange s2 ep3
Anyone with 300 IQ like me would know that’s actually a rooster
You made some nice eggecutions 😎
Can we get more Chicken
THE MAN IN THE CHICKEN COSTUME?! WHAT IS HE DOING HERE, I THOUGHT HE WAS IN HERMITCRAFT!!
Chickens being cannibals are actually very common. Also, they are very carnivorous. Since I raise chickens at a farm, I would know. Love the video by the way,
Life is strange 2 episode 3???? Where is it
Make anotherone  please ep3
Since beginning of time-1999 chickens peck
2000-2018 chickens Scratch 
2019-Future Chickens Slice and Chop
Sekiro the Cluckining Chickens don't deep fry twice DLC story edition.
Let me get this straight. Jack is super good at Sekirooooooo, but only does a one-off meme of it?
Man. All the youtubers I'd want to watch a playthrough of this from won't do it... 
Eats KFC in protest
Jack please we want happy wheels again PLEASE 😢
HE'S A CHICKEN I TELL YA! A GIANT CHICKEN!
Reminds me of Onimusha games for ps2. I love it!
CLUCK CLUCK DEMONITIZED
Cluckiro Chikens fly twice
YES THE MAN BUN
The Great Shinobi Chicken
Nugget approves of giant chickens with swords
Please make a full play-through of this game, it looks really cool
When will jack play satisfactory
Jack looks like Shia Labeouf now
THIS IS A DREAM COME TRUE
Dam, we got comment community guidelines now
Im your bigest fan
Love your videos!!!
Ok, but what happened to you reading the game dialogues to us, though??
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS JACK’S MANBUN IS SOOOOO ADORABLE!
Hey I broke my arm and its realy hard and hurts but it will never stop me from watching your videos.          Edit: thanks for the likes
This was amazing, love mods sometimes. Also..
Play the isle!
love this game made a video on it myself love u by the way sean thanks
That beard though looks great jack
Un blurr it dammit XD
Why is everyone playing Shekiro all of a sudden?
Doesn't this mean he is easy mode
THERES A NEW GOD OF WAR
It's a chigge
He is the Chicken Nugget!!!!!!
C H I C K E N S H O W S N O M E R C Y
Bring back happy wheels
Why mod
0:18 = The Pokemon Blaziken
I'm so use of you not having a beard Jack.
XD
...The heck did I just watch???
dont give guns to monkeys and swords to chickens
That haircut is pretty cringy tbh
The shorter videos are getting upsetting im not gonna lie
Mess with birdo you get the hurto...

Basic facts guys, basic facts
Antisepticeye: I am a turtle. I am a crab. I am a chicken.
Also anti: I should have not possessed this Irish bastard.
.....i can't take this game seriously anymore. 😂😂
Gotta love those targeted ads.  Had an ad for Tyson chicken nuggets mid episode.
"Clucking All The Way". A cheap knock off of "All The Way". New song for jack, who is willing to make it?. L0L
You forgot the guardians of the galaxy
I call him "Chickinobi"
i love the chicken joke jack
It’s a chicken eat chicken world
LIFE IS STRANGE !!!!Episode 3 !!!!!!!!
CHICKEN ATTA-AAAAAACK!!!
As a giant chicken you'll also need to watch out for Ancient Japaneses Peter griffin he could be hiding around any cornier waiting to start a fight with you over a coupon you gave him, also I now want this game and the chicken mod how did you get the chicken mod
Is it just me or has anyone else come to realize their favourite part of jacks' videos are the Robin edits?
NUUUUUUU UR BEARD
For people incessantly screaming at Sean to play Life Is Strange......do you not know what the COMMUNITY SECTION of his channel is? At all?
Play Mordhau
Holy Molly shave jack
Please go back to the 2016 jack hair please please please
Please shave your beard
Cooooooool 😎😎😎😎😎👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
sees thumbnail

gets flashbacks to playing the Fable series

MEGAFOWL HAS COME! THE END DAYS ARE NIGH!



Also....that guy in the comments who reminded us of Chicken Attack?
GODS DAMN IT! I STILL HEAR THE YODELING!
I'm guessing Fumikage from My Hero Academia lost his dark shadow or it was too bright to use it
lmao 48 seconds in. I love Robin.
Sekiro: Chickens don't die when you cut off their heads
Someone help, my classmate lost her chicken again-
Awesome video LAUGHed my a off now I'm hungry 4 chicken especially KFC
Therapist: Chicken with a sword isn’t real he can’t hurt you 



Chicken with a sword:
Chicken for the next hokage
If jack was a leprechaun at the end of a rainbow when you find him you would have found the “jack”-pot





 aka evil morty theme or sad music
Life is strange 2??
Can you make more drum covers
Chickens dont fly... should we tell him?
Can you play League of Legends sometime? It's a 5 v 5 game with really people and you can play with  up to ten invited people
I’m just waiting until he gets combat arts
We need MORE
So with five night in anime you can mack vouces for them and thay are so cute no lie my favret is mangal she is so cute so ya
Cluck cluck mother trucker
oh no the views
Play life is strange 2 episode 3, it's been out for days, jesus.
Life is strange?
"See? He doesnt see me. Im perfectly camouflaged as an enemy."
~Jack Spedicey, 2019
If that was Jack's spirit animal- I wouldnt be surprised.
SO satisfying. An actual intro🔥
This is Jacksepticeye playing with chickens.
Well this is the best version of chicken run I ever seen🐓🐔
Hi jack aka sean i have a cute anime game it is called fnia aka five night in anime plz play it well be a cool game wach it on mairusu
Fun fact: if chickens see blood they will  furiously  peck at it. Cannibalism is an actual problem with chicken farms so someone invented red tinted glasses for hens so they wouldn't be able to se the red blood.
hey jack what do you think about attack on titan season 3 part 2?
Full chicken play through?
This Chicken is unstoppable!!!!!!!!!
Who was here before title change?
Can someone please make one of those meme like chicken with a sword isn't real it can't hurt you, chicken with a sword
7:06 the meme i come for
I’m oddly hungry now
And just like the doe in Life Is Strange, Jack calls the chicken a he. Oh well.
So you know what to sencer if i spelled it righ i have a little problem of spelling :)
Can you play mortal kombat 11 story please
I must say, I am very PISSED that you didn't do a full play trough of Sekiro!!


Also, 4:17 did Jack finally start swearing again?!
Sekiro...Chicken...Chickiro? Chickeniro? KFCiro?
Chickens never fight huh?
Looks at Cluckiro
Sure...
Chickens don't walk like that, they walk like flamingos. Is that chicken fake? Unless it got mutated & its body structure gone whack. The game looks rad, finally the chicken comes up on top!! 💪😎. Some breeds can fly, but not like a Peregrine Falcon. Only lift a foot off the ground & glide across a short distance. This vid was still fun, I enjoyed Cluckido, my new friend now XD Keep being awesome bro. 🍀😎👊


 Flawless argument XD XD
 XD You don't say XD
 NO!! Dx Dx 
 Nice sound, but sounded a bit strained. Don't hurt yourself.
You should say "Bawk bawk mother Clucker!"
3:17 how we make....
🍗ChickenWings🍗
I feel like he could pull off a Cosplay as Kratos from the 4th game at this current state
It was at that moment , japan can never see a chicken normally again
cluckiro would literally be chickenwolf... not one-armed chicken
Literally 13 min of jack laughing at the chicken model
Howd you get the chicken mod?? I need it!!!
Why do I find it hard to take this game seriously???
My Head: Its a Human Chicken going around stealth killing people. XD
Jack your Sekiro video was very fowl
Best youtuber
I loved this lmao 

Long live Cluckiro, the greatest warrior to ever live. 

Also can I just say, that I have never and probably will never, understand why so many people demand or constantly bug youtubers to play certain games? Reminding them the game exists is one thing, but demanding or going on and on about it is a completely different thing that I personally feel shouldn’t happen. Especially with longer let’s plays and episodic games, time is a factor that can’t be produced for the benefit from thin air. Constricted time means shorter videos and recording sessions in comparison to something that usually goes relatively unedited and has to be played for upwards of an hour. 

Stop demanding/constantly begging a YouTuber to do a certain video or let’s play, especially if it takes a large amount of their time to do, and just be happy with the videos you do end up getting from them while they’re short on time. Or you could even go back and watch older videos from them. It’s rude to demand more of someone when they’re already giving you something, be grateful and appreciate what you have.
does this game have a fox skin
seems like kfc delivering the wings to thair homes today
I wanna see an animation of this
Jack can you please make a whole play through of this game I love the game and your commentary is soo funny and I can’t find anyone else that has played it
I love your beard Sean
Is it just me or did jack make a Call me Kevin reference,you know cause they met once and they are both Irish??? 5:48
Play Plague tale inocence...
Chikiro: Shadows cluck twice
Im a big fan i have been sub sints you had 1002 sub
*Chicken attackkkkk
Chicken attackk.....*
(insert holy samurai chicken attack yodel)
I have always thought chickens are terrifying, this just proves my point
Is no one talking a out how he picked up a PELLET?!?
final boss should be the man on the kfc logo
Jacks new ego: Cluckido
Your already have the samurai haircut!
You should go back to Kerbal Space Program and build a rocket and unbreakable joints and so I can't break I'm flying to the Sun
I've witnessed knife crab but never... slides down sunglasses sword chicken
Kfc?! More like kfh
Day 30 of commenting Antisepticeye
JACK! are you ever going to check out Unravel two!!!
Is this a horror game
Have you ever seen a chicken on a farm? They are vicious! No such thing as a cowardly chicken. They will rip you apart haha
Life is strange he left the chat
10:40 slick turns, look at the feet
New title?
h o l d  u p
Nice man bun
burns chickens 

millions of popcorn chicken (KFC) appear
"You wear a disguise to look like human guys
But you're not a man, you're a Chicken Boo"
"dude you can keep talking to me all you want but I'm a chicken and don't understand anything of what your saying"
This video would’ve been perfect if he played that song ‘Chicken Attack’
If I play this game it'll only be as this marvelous chicken 0.o
* Cluckiro - Feathers Will Fly *
The Clucking Contender
I like how it's Dance Like A Chicken Day,  and then this gets released
I really enjoyed the Mordhau video. If you can, please keep making them.
Omg you’re playing as wade.
0:51 ok thats pretty funny robin
I'm vegan by the way
jack should try a plague tale i think he will like it
Pls shout me out next vid
CHICKEN ATTAaaaAAaaAaACK
When ever I go to the comments I see something funny then they get 100 likes or over 
Then I do something similar I get 20
go chicken goooooooooooooooooooo go chicken gooooooooooo now go now flyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy you own the skyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
🎶Chicken boo what’s the matter with you 
, 
you don’t act like all the chickens do, 

you wear a disguise to look like human guys but your not a man your a chicken boo🎵

Animaniacs was more awesome then I remember.
Can I have Some fried Chicken Jack
When the Chicken was 2 years later for the Chinese New Year
Who would hate this pure souled lovely irish potatoe gaelic gladiator?
7:19 Fun fact, on the off chance you were curious. Holding a sword by the blade was a real technique, called "Half Swording". In german, it's called Mordhau which translates to "Murder Strike". (Name of the game!) Basically, you'd use the sword's guard like a war-hammer, and smash their armor, giving them all kinds of concussions and other injuries, because plate armor was hard to peirce, but bendable with enough force.

Just some info from a nerd! :P
Seems like u were stuck between a rock and a hard place
Jack, follow these instructions very carefully:
1.  Choose the engineer class.
2.  Equip the lute.
3.  Press 'R'.
4.  Become the happiest man alive.
Jack really is a Hanzo main from the meme image on a previous video.
"I used to be an adventurer like you...then I got stuck in a tree."
10:26 Top right corner
NoobMaster69 isnt just a fortnite god who gets yelled at. He fought wars!
Jack: "It's a Melee fighting game
Also Jack: Pulls out Bow and Arrow
Me: Seems legit
Could Lord Robin use 5% of his power to speed up Life is Strange 2 episode 3?
Please, pretty please?
Who is waiting for Jack to upload the new episode of life is strange 2???
Jack finally feels how Roger and Steven feel in every battle
I lost it when you started calling for help in the tree 😂
10:50 this is so as well going in the next best of jacksepticeye moments.
Jack: I could win this war if I was one my own
laughter
me:jack is our small naive little irish boy
Jack: hits teammate
Me: ah shit here we go again
You fought a tree?

*Lorax triggered*
Ik this is random but you should play kindergarten 2
TABS:
SEND THE ARCHERS!

Mordhau:
I AM THE ARCHER!

Jack is Roger :D
Jacks in war and a says "everybody's being mean to me" I think jack needs to learn what a war is
8:55 bow has been knoked off


9:00 jack has used "TOP OF THE MORNING"
Wow i came back to this channel After 9 Months to see a viking take over it
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out... You gonna get to that soon?
This was jack playing as Roger in TABS
You should do a video where you do the tutorial, its actually pretty funny
Me: How could your team hate you?
Jack: Shit, I hit my teammate!
Me: Oh.
I have never heard of this game before but it looks AMAZING! Please play more of this!
I was waiting for jack to play this game fits him real well
Play life is strange 2 episode 3
YOU NEED TO PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 PLEASEEEEEEEEE
TABS HAD A MAJOR UPGRADE.... Jack was shooting so well because the spirit of Roger dwells within him...
More multiplayer games jack! This is awesome!
If Jack was drunk this would be Irish at it's highest perk.
Haven’t seen the whole video, but it’s bugging me that he doesn’t know how to emote. The key is X on keyboard.
1 like 1 prayer for Jack's voice
Only an Irishman can hit a target that far !!!  Good on ya lad !!
Jack, Sid Meier’s Pirates! Would love to see you play it. Please make it happen, I know we would all love it
To be a Mordhua player and watch this is actually painful xD
Turning a sword around is called mordhau (murderstroke) and was used to damage plate armor with a sword (which is usually impossible)
If a player walked past Sean's character it would sound like this
"uuuuuaaaaaaAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHAaaaaaaaaauuuuuuhh"
Robin Hood: ain’t no other man a better archer than me....

Jack: hold my beard..
Oh War isn't that fun now that you're in the thick of it, is it?
"War is scary" He says
But if you look at him in his TABS vids he gives NO FCUKS Those men give up their lives to fight for your COCA COLA ZERO SUGAR NOW WITH A DROP OF ADDED VANILLA, They have FAMILIES! And look at you now.
You know what Jack? You're a Steven.


That's the best insult I can think of
Holding the blade of a sword is an actual historical thing, you use the guard and pommel like a hammer for armoured enemies
Holding the blade of a sword and swinging it like a mace or blugeon is called half-swording. It's used to break through heavy armor because blades don't do well against metal plates
Read title*
Me: yea I can relate when I play fortnite 








( I suck at the game lol )
Anyone else think the sword was a bow?
When Jack links the wrong game in the description SMH.
Jack: "I'm great for war!"

Immediately gets killed
Literally every team-based game: 5:30
Holding the blade of the sword and using the cross-guard is called the Mordhau (aka the murder-stroke)
*Massive war is ongoing*
Jack: OOOH target practice!
Can you please react to lumpy touch’s video or videos of garfield gameboy’d
Does damage that is not team damage


Jack: I'M HELPING SO MUCH!
Sean:
"Everybody in this team are my bestfriends"
*Team kill
Sean:
"..."
Enemy team: Exists


Jack: Picks archer
Also Jack: I'M 'BOUT TA END THIS WHOLE 
jack is the new Atraus from god of war but his weakness is not the rage BUT THE TREE!!!!!
Jack is great archer now he can fit roger in TABS
Like if Jack should play For Honor
Jack: Subscribers, what is your profession?!
Jack's Army: LAUGH! LAUGH! LAUGH!
THE GRIND DONT STOOOPPPPPP AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
im great for war im built for it 
random person: reeeeee stab I GOT A KILL
Accidentally stabs his team-mate.
Grudge holding team-mate: Follows and see's him get lowered to 10 hp.
Grudge holding team-mate: Stab
Killed by a grudge. ._.
A little toxic, not gonna lie.
Brah you can gain back all your health by just standing still for awhile
Jack: - shoots teammate -
Me: .....OH WAIT, HE'S COLORBLIND
Think about how awesome this would be in VR
Who else doesn't know any of the games Sean plays
Infinity war.  
Black Panther:Get this man a shield
Jacksepticeye:Get the men trees
Please play more! For Rodger’s hd step brother!
"If I was on this battlefield alone I'd win the war"

Jacksepticeye 2k19
This is what happens when you don't play the tutorial.
More of this game, please!
Hair is in perfect Celtic warrior style lol
Theres my gladic gladiator sons of vikings
Jack:
No One:


SomeOne In The Chat: Top In The Mornin' To Ya Ladi'es.
CRAZY MORDHAU JACK TRICK ,HIS TEAMMATES HATE HIM FIND OUT WHY
Did the tree give Jack super powers? He gets stuck in the tree and just starts cutting people in half all of a sudden...😂 With a bow nonetheless😂😂
9:06.Jack:*punch*THAT'L TEACH YA TO TAKE MY BOW.Me:HAHAHAHAHHAHA
"Killing people feels great!" ~Jacksepticeye 2019
Play life is strange 2 ep 3 part 1
Your Woody Woodpecker impression tho...
this is a good game to play with your subs
7:23 that's half swording, knights would do that to damage armor in real life.
there are secret boss units on Totally Accurate Battle Simulator
3:15 
3:37 
Now you know how roger feels 😅
Jack: Hits Teammate
Teammate: We'll get em' next time.
The clickbait...
Man, I've been watching the channel for five years, and I love it. But the recent, crazy amount of clickbait titles is starting to reallyyy grate on me. I get that calling something like, 'I'm so bad at this | Mordhau #1' must get boring, but I sort of feel like the videos have become more, 'throw memes in everywhere, references everywhere, clickbaity titles everywhere' and something just feels different. I don't know. I'm not being rude at all, I love the channel. I'm just seeing things change, and not necessarily for the better🤷
Jack why are you so loud 
You should do a ear rape 
Jack:AHHHHHH! 
me:😖my ear
that vehicle is refered as a "hay moped" FYI only differense to a real moped is the shit drop to the ground instead of rising into the sky :P
You should try For Honor, it's kinda like this
BROOOOO!! I NEVER KNEW YOU WOULD EVER PLAY THIS GAME!
GOD MAN CHIVALRY AND MORDHAU IS MY TWO FAVOURITE GAMES!
Chivalry Remastered is lookin pretty good!
3:20  B R U H  S O U N D  E F F E C T
Serial killers 
and 
Jacksepticeye: killing people is fun
“Oh man...I’m great for war..I’m built for it, *smack*.........OWWWW!!!!”🤣🤣🤣🥰🥰🥰
3:25
"I just want to kill someone."
         - Jacksepticeye 2019

 
"Killing people feels great."
         - Jacksepticeye 2019
7:20 Jack, don't you be talking smack about the Murder Strike
He changed the title from
“I played mordhau and my team hated me”
To
“How to make everyone hate you in mordhau”
“Killing people feels great” jack is now on the FBI, CIA and NATO watchlists
“If it was just me I would be winning” 

HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA you wish you small Irish boi
I had a really bad day. Thank you Sean for making it better
by sucking at a game
3:38 when karma is a b**ch
edit: 4:57 the footman is better than that handyman.
When Jack, nailed his teammate in the legs I lost it. just the look the guy gave to jack like "ah hell no" swaps weapon lol
I had fun watching this; more of Archer Jack would be welcome. :D
Jack: do they fear me now?
Me: Maybe not but that sound you just made TERRIFIED ME!.
This is literally Caboose in medieval times. 
Loves his team. 
Keeps accidentally killing his team.
Wow! Jack hearted a lot of people today
"Killing people feels great!" - Jackaboi 2019
One question, jack, did you do the tutorial? Its hilarious AF
"I hit him, now run away!"  Me during every pvp game ever. Mad respect
Jack will be perfect for beating A$$ in the knight and armor times.
7:26 that is a very effective way to hurt heavy armored opponent 

AND IT HAS A COOL NAME
"I'm stuck can you help me?!" 
Gets kicked in the face
Wait, jack actually heart comments now? Well then....your'e the best Jack!!!!
10:40 OH NO BAD GUY!
*kill
Aw, Sweet, OH NO I'M STILL STUCK!
You should make custom classes using stuff like throwing daggers or a lute
Hi i just wanted to drop some knowledge but grabbing the sword by the blade is called half swording. and is a real mid evil fighting tactic.
Jack: War is Scary

Me Doing a Nicolas Cage impression: You don't say?
"It's like being stuck inside an orgie." 
 - Jacksepticeye 2019
Hey Jack! Could you please make a video about Life is Strange episode 3?
Wait did Jack edit this one? 
I was just about to praise Robin for his humor..
Press [End] for a new beginning
" killing feels very good "

 - Jack 2019
jack:i am an irish gladiator 
eek war is scary😥
Was the episode 1337 long on purpose xD
That shot where jack hit him from the tree was amazing congrats
i have watched less than 3min and im 100% sure jack did NOT play the tutorial.
that tree is a blessing from god

THAT TREE MAKE YOU SO POWERFULL


sorry for my bed englad
You are now playing tabs but you control only one
bless my beard! i had no idea you would try this! ah man i wish i could play a match with you!! PS; use C and X menus for emotes jack, including laughing! V for just random warcries and screaming ;) enjoy!!!
Hey jack probably won’t see this but hi
You should really play the tutorial Jack!
Love you Sean I hope the Pma stays with everybody
6:15 I love the face he makes 😂😂🤣🤣
Jacksepticeye would play skyrim civil war time line?
Wanna know what jack reminds me of...




The Archers in tabs
Long live the "Greatest" galic gladiator
Fun Fact:
In WW1 and WW2, killing your teammates or allies is pretty abundant that times because of panic, pressure, uniforms and mishaps (misfires, failed artillery strikes)
5:55 

No it’s not it’s mordhau 






I should stop
Life is Strange 2 Episode 3 is out Jack



PLAY IT
“I’m helping “
Jacksepticeye-2019
OMFG "im good at war im made for war- OW" does amazing jump stabbs dude ona bridge jump back i be like "O YA LOOKA THIS BEAST JACK" NOPE jumps on top of a sword lol
Hi you are my favourite youtuber keep making vids i love you
'Just stop yelling at me!'

- Jacksepticeye 2019
"Killing people feels great" - jacksepticeye 2019
Robin is stealing Coryxkenshin and 8-bitryan's edits.
"Killing people feels great" - Jacksepticeye, 2019
We should all build up a team with jacksepticeye.

Jacksepticeye and all of us on the same team verses another team.
Mardhau armies hate him! Find out his secret..







Sounds like that
Jack is changing
He's becoming family friendly
What a sellout
What happened to you drumming
Just waiting for life is strange episode 3 from jack.. I refuse to watch anyone else
Holding the sword from the blade was actually a tactic you can find videos about it on YouTube also.
But Jack, sleep is for the weak.
"I wanna yell too!"


Hhhhhhhhhhhh sure Jack, sure
Tree stops Jack in the middle of war
Jack: haha not enough to stop this skillful Archer  getting 4 kills!
please do more of this game i LOVE IT
“The grind never stops! You gotta keep going!”
-Jacksepticeye
Thought this was a Lord of The Rings game.😅
if there was a "drunk person" option Jack would pick it
Still haven't played LiS Ep. 3 yet. 




3 days later.




What happened to virtually the day it came out?
How to do melee in mordhau? LEARN BLOCKING
6:47
Enemy: Chops Jack in the face, taking him down to 17 health
Jack: I blocked it!
Jack: Are you having a good day?
Character: shakes head
PLAY LIFE IS STRANGEEEEE
The grind never ever stop I work 105 hours a week
Hey Jack episode 3 of Life is Strange 2 just came out and we want to see you play it all the way through in one video.
8:08 
Jack:Imma get this guy
(Swings and doesn’t even get close to him)
Jack:Got him!
Shoukd play tutorial it actually funny and can help
Jack when moving: Can't hit anything for shit
Jack when stuck between a tree and rock: Hits everything
Enemy :
Jack ( as a archer ) : im about to end this man's whole career
Sees in description he fought a tree

Me: Why u bully groot
Just so ya know 
Holding the sword by the blade and hitting them with the hand guard/pommel (circle bit at the end of the handle) was a legitimate tactic used across the ages. It was actually effective, because it could be used as a mace to counter enemies with plating. Look it up sometime, it’s called half swording. 
(There are some great YouTube videos about it)
Love your videos Jack! Keep up the good work
7:29 that is a actual way to fight with some swords, people used the guard on the hilt to jab out a knight's eye
Is this pure MP or is there single player?
Gets hit by an axe 
Barely half hp
Punches a guy with bare fist
106 Damage
Sean and his bro (I don't remember the name) need u
Like so he could see👍👍
Congrats on being 23rd to Trend!
Bro, what computer specs do you have if you can upload a video and play a game like that at the same time. I need the deets
Jack play life is strange 2 episode 3
The sound effects made the video way worse.
"I AM GREAT, I AM BUILT FOR WAR." 1 sec later, oooof
If Jack didn't play the tutorial and pass the Hans Test, it's no wonder he wasn't familiar with the combat too much. Hope he picks it up though, cleaving heads is satisfying.
Well if a septic eye makes you that accurate with a bow and arrow, then sign me up!
7:22 that’s called half-swording. It’s when you are fighting a guy in heavy armor so you use your handle like a mace or club because your blade won’t do anything.
“The grind never stops”
Jack’s comment which can be taken either way 2019
Hey Jack I was watching Your drum video And was just curious Why did you stop making Drum videos
Been watching callmekevin have you 😉
I've never laughed so hard 😂🙈 . Kills his own guys 🤣
“I’m great for war, I’m built for it!”

*someone kills him immediately*
Jack episode 3 of pure is strange out my dude
Jack: War is scary!

No Jack war never changes
When are you gonna show us your computer/gaming/streaming  setup?
Jack makes a good archer we just need to stick him in a tree.
A medieval game that looks really fun and addictive. Eh

Lots of classes to choose from. Okay

Team damage. Nice

Jack: oh he chopped that guys head off. I need this Game pronto
You should try the battle royale... MOREdhau! :D
Gab: The Dutch Bushmaster
Sean: The Gaelic Tree Lord
Please play the tutorial <3
50% of the video:
Changed the title name 😂😂
I kept laughing during this. Love it.
legit the same dude he hit at the start with a sword he shoots later with the longbow
Jack when are you playing through  LIS2 Ep3??
Our branches will blot out the sun
Jack:
We’ll fight in the tree
Squatting repeatedly in a videogame is the purest form of communication there is; change my mind.
Is this just For Honor plus Battlefield because goddamn it's good
7:30 Jack. Sorry to disappoint. But that's an actually a very nice touch from the developers and an effective technique against armor.

Since the blade of a sword is just gonna glance off plate armor, a person with only a sword has 2 (effective) options against full plate:

-What you see here. It's essentially a makeshift mace. (Edit: It's called "murder stroke". "Mordhau" in german)

-"Halfswording" When you grab the blade of the sword with one hand to gain greater control over the tip and try to jam it in the gaps of the armor.


Great video tho.
Call Me Kevin calls his long lost brother Jack

Both armies runs away
Lmao Jacksepticeye is the best archer... When he's stuck in a tree 😂 😂 😂 I so wanna see more of this, Sean!
Hitting V is a battle cry key and X opens your emotes. 

Great game glad to see you enjoying it so much.
DO MORE FECKIN TABS PLEZZZ not trying to be mean
Roses are red 
Violets are blue
Jack’s the best
And so are u
JACK I LOVE THE ACTION YOU DID ON THIS GAME WERE YOUR FRIENDS I DON'T HATE YOU JACK AND NEVER HAVE AND NEVER WILL YOUR MY FAVORITE  FAN YOU HAVE A BLESSED DAY 😀🙂🤗🌞😎
Can we get Jack's archery skills to replace all Game of Thrones advertising?
1:26 Jack's roar was kinda scary, I love it!
Fun game, I can't wait to see more :)
Jack learned about half-swording~
Now un-screw the pommel and kill them.
HOLY SHIET JACKABOI PLAYED MORDHAU!?!?!
Gripping your sword by the blade and striking with the guard is called Mordhau.
This game feels like a clunkier Chivalry :O
I find it hilarious that I was smoking and coughing when he started coughing ask said dont you know smoke is bad for your health 😂
of Course A Group of Serious Gamers Are Gonna Hate A Top of The Morning Guy!
WELCOME TO THE BATTLEFIELD OF LADS
Sees run time: oh boi we gona get some yeets,leets and kobes out here
Dude, you are getting few views every single day, for example ( first you got 900k but now you are getting 300k).
Jack.... Did- did you edit this video to end at 13.37? .... slow clap
10:39
This one should be clipped, MOM! GET THE CAMERA JACK DID A NO SCOPE!
Playing mardhau is just a mess of people screaming and epicness of a war, and luv ur vid jack
Jack accidentally stabs his teammates 

They will remember that

Jack: I'm sorry
This is really good game. I love watching this 🙂
Well I wonder what I'll watch...

By the Pope...
I'd just love your video dude! Keep on!
The sword upside down is tactic the hand guard were also sharp
11:55  he says "Go" with a voice crack xD
Jack wish me luck getting blood work
PLZ PLAY MORE SLIME RANCHER!!!!!!
link to the game is link to BeamNG
Holding the sword by the blade is called half swording and it's so you can use the handle as a mace against heavy armor.
Can turbo dismount come back in your videos
I love that Sean sometimes comments about the game by showing what to expect then the intro to the name of the game. 
Sean: Everyone Hates me! 
Me: No they don’t, I like you! 

Y’all like Sean too right? 
1 like = 1 person
Is he going to play more of this game?
ATTACKK
jack: ohkay i will, geez...
7:21
Jack: jack says some some shit because he thinks its stupid for you to use the sword that way even tho that way of using the sword is a real thing and probably useful
The genuine joy from Jack when he lands good shots is hilarious
Jack turned into post infinity war hawkeye
Play more i know jack is gonna be the new ninja
Jack: Foward lads wait how do i play again.
Me: Uh jack.
Hits person
Jack: oh shit I'm sorry don't hit me.
Me: (Nothing to say I died for "laughing too much and know I'm dead disease".
More of this JACK !!
You can taunt and scream like the others just use the numbers
Wow I used to watch your videos way more but in the last year I only watched a few, but now I had to come back to see u play this game!
War quotes from Jack
"In every war theres those who won and there those who helped"
Did jack edit his own video or Robin edited it?
"Killing people FEELS great"
Jack do u know where fontashea waterpark it is so good lad
Jack's passive: Gets %100 accuracy bonus when stuck in a tree.
"i blocked that one too but i blocked whit my face"
jacksepticeye-2019
Jack: i wouldn’t hit anybody if they didn’t get in my way
Jury in court: that’s not an excuse 
Jack but it’s there fault
Jury: case closed jack is innocent
Something seems different about the video idk what it is but It feels different to me 😂
Jack you should try the Battle Royale mode or Horde mode for streams so your fans could play with you and protect you as their king. After all, who wouldn't want the GAELIC WARRIOR as their KING!
life is strange 2 episode 3 please....
im still waiting for it to you to play cuz you have better interactions in the game.
PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EP 3
please play more mordhau, it is amazing. especially with your commentery. Great job on the video Jack
"Oh god that scared me.  I got hit straight in the face."

Well death is pretty scary.  Especially when you realize you've been struck in the head and are going to die.
Um Jack...you sure you’d win that war BY YOURSELF? I doubt it. Cause your kinda...a noob. XD
Mordhau is the medieval siege game we've all been waiting for
giant armies and stuff
Sooooo....this is basically TABS in first person view?
8:07 it cut to an ad of a banana running through the depths of hell and I almost peed my pants
Jack, can u do more ego vids/vids about the egos' back stories?????
Hiya! Nobody here. I clicked the link and got taken to the BeamNG Drive page.
9:35 Me at all Jacksepticeye's videos
Waiting for Life is strange 2 episode 3
Jack: Kills his team mate
Jack: "Sorry Dude"
Time to play your life is strange  2 episode  3! Please!!!😼
KILLING IS FUN
Jacksepticeye 2019
I have to stay up 33 hours just to finish the outline of my essay due in three days...
Jack when are you going to play life Is strange I haven’t seen any gameplay yet cause I love it when you play
A montage of his deaths would be hilarious
Definitely play this more
Having your army turn against you would be hilarious, also, it would remind me of playing multiplayer on Conker's Bad Fur Day when I was younger. Start off as a squirrel, then betray them.😂
Oh, wow, Jack, you're watching Roger's training.
JACK PLS PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2 episode 3 I’m dying waiting 😭😭😭
7:24 it's an actual HEMA technique, actually.. the murder stroke, used againts armored opponents
I have not watched sean in so long i nvr knew he wad bald @Jackspeticeye
That laugh as the camera zoomed in. It was robin laughing.
grabbing the sword by the blade is called half-swording and was used against knights as a kind of "can opener"
I’ve been watching you since I was 7 (I’m 13) and i still love watching your videos but can you please follow through when making a series and not just stop playing the game without reason, thanks
Roger (from TABS)origins:the game from 2:44 to 5:00
jack when you gonna play life is strange 2 episode 3
Hey jack, can you play intrusion 2?
Jack:watch this
0:11  Meanwhile, I try to manage my 2Mbps bandwidth
Jack: I am made for war!
Also jack: stop yelling at me... War is scary
Maybe they don't like you because you never told them about the same great Coke taste but with zero sugar and a hint of added vanilla
Mordhau? Hell yeah. More Deus Vult.
"Shoot Myself In The Foot " a book my jacksepticeye
New Minecraft pvp severs lookin good
"Nasty way to go..." Nice reference.
7:39

Oh hey, a lord of the rings reference
LS.
 Ep 3 is out play it jack
This is one of Jack's funniest home videos right?
Also Jack... PLAY BLADE AND SORCERY PLEASSEE!!!!
jack's doing three times better than i did when i started playing chivalry :(
no one: 
Sean: IM HELPING
Please make more videos off this!!! You should use the claymore!!! The weapon every good Gaelic gladiator needs!
Jack was messing everyone up
5:39 

When the boys find out it’s your birthday
I'd love to see more of this game!
When your holding the blade of a sword and hiting with the hilt then it´s called half swording
Hell yeah! I was expecting you to say galic gladiator the whole video!
Chilvary Medieval Warfare is also great :D
You should play A plague tale: innocence
Jackaboy invented tree warfare centuries before the Vietnam war
Ah. The great days of the irish septichood is rising. 👍😁
The Length Of The Video Is   L E E T
It's like if Battlefront 2 met For Honor
I am so glad your enjoying mordhau, i think you figured out C is voice lines, but hit it again to cycle through different pages of voice lines, and X to cycle through emotes, man i'd love to play this with you!
I love this. More please.
7:07 when your brother eats all the chips
More mordhau 
like if you agree
Hey jack im irish and korean but not sweetish i also cant spell
Jack: RUN RUN! 
Random dude: saves Jack
Jack: uwu thanks dude appreciate it
Well jack you’ve introduced me to this game and now I’m gonna play it soon! 

Thanks for being an advertising Irish boi!
The video is 13:37 long. I appreciate this.
I saw the title and had to pull a double take, I thought this was a CallMeKevin video XDD Jack is that a reference?! The battle of the Irish boys lmfao
You should play Wandersong, it's an amazing game!
JACK: I’m great for war and built for it.

ARROW: f u
hey Jack what happened to playing drums?
This reminds me of that game Chivalry lmao
When are you gonna play life is strange 2 ep 3?! I can't wait for it
I play this game all the time and the beginning with the brigand was hilarious
Please please please please please, do more life is strange because there is a new episode to it now and I love when you play it
7:19 That's called half swording.
Man love the hair I haven’t been to your Chanel in a long time, I’m coming back now love the vids keep it up
Jack is the best YouTuber ever
is it just me or does jack do better on red team stuck in a tree
Intro starts
Me: oh baby a triple
Please make this a regular thing i loved it lol
This is just an updated chivalry
I think i'm in love with this game now
PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
where is my life is strange?
Jack Looks Like Hanzo xD
Overwatch Reference BTW
Hitting them with the pommel or handle is for people in metal armor so it probably does more damage against knights
Hey jack, if you get stuck, just *Press END for a new beginning*
Bruh the developers will love the fact that their game has been played by you hell yeah
The long lost archer, Sean SepticSam, and his greatest adventure... IM StuCk iN a tReE
i dont just deive all 4 wheels but also all 4 legs :)
Jack, that's some of the best bowmen-ship I've ever seen in this game keep Practicing with it and without a doubt you'd be a god on the battlefield.  Also try playing with another youtuber named PixelatedApollo
This reminds me of that game chivalry
"That's a nice vehicle you got!"  lmao! X'D
Who else got t series ads??? Idk why I got em but I reported them quickly.
Good hot fuzz reference, it amused me 😁😂
Half swording (wielding the sword by the blade) is an actual technique. I wonder how many people think it's made up.
the gailec warrior that the people of ireland need
Haha 😂🤣 please more :-D 👍🤘
We need more TABS
10:37 killed me, also w0w claps
Ooooo I would love to see more episodes of these!!!
you should play for honor
Jack! Play again BeamNG!
Jack you should try this game on steam called maximum action it’s really fun
This is not Minecraft, it is Mordhau.
10:17
More old. BTW ur the best 👍
MORE OF THIS PLEASE JACK!
When you hit a 360 No Scope with a bow
Jack: Hohohohoho I killed him!!!!! 

Me: I didn’t know Santa plays Mordhau?!
🤔 are you gonna play the new life is strange 2 episode
Tip: use the skill peasant and you can equip frying pans
Yay! You finally got to playing Mordhau! IDK if you saw my suggestion or just saw a lot of feed on it, but either way, A M A Z I N G.
PLAY life is strange 2 episode 3 please 😔
YOU ARE BORN TO BE AN ARCHER.😎🤣
How could anyone hate you?
I guess except for Anti.
The legacy of Roger lives on. Let's hope Steve doesn't show up... Damit Steve!
This is exactly like the game chivalry
Jack you should play this game on stream one day so we can play along with you :D
(and guide you ;) )
Jack, the game link is BeamNG
“I’ll help!” Famous last words
I blocked it with my face
9:55 killed me, I watched it like ten time  lmao 😂
I love this game everyone
L A U G H S
you should really play more of this
who needs tutorials, am i right?
WHY DO I LOVE THIS SO MUCH
If there was a button i could push that makes me scream I LIKE POTATOES!  ...i be very happy. 😂
JACK PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EP 3(I THINK)
Jack, it's the participation that counts! You were the best helper in the game
Watching Jack play this game is like watching me play sports
The war is a group project and jack is me lmao
DUDE EPISODE 3 LIFE IA STRANGE IS OUT PLS DO IT VIDEO!!!!
3:43 yeah yeah you are great at war what happen in 1 second later death
Roger needs to teach you about archery
“That feels good. Killing people feels great”-jacksepticeye
7:07
You should play ( A Plague  tell innocents ) plssss I wanna see a play through
Jack I love your content and your absolutely hilarious if I ever met you I would hug you the yelling is one of the best parts keep up the great work my dude ❤️❤️❤️ one more thing let’s be honest you block everything with your face
Life is strange 2/3 WHEN?
In this video, jack battles his greatest nemesis, A TREE.
“Everyone hates me” my life moto
3:27 never said by a REAL gamer
what is this game on pc? i want to play an be the best archer Of the tree😂
Play life is strange 2
Jackkkkk episode 3 of Life Is Strange 2 is outtttt
" war is scary" says the Gaelic warrior himself  😆
Jack play life is strange 2 ep3
this needs to be a animation
WHEN YOU GONNA PLAY EPISODE 3 OF LIFE IS STRANGE!!!!!!!
"Everybody hates the brigand" yep, that's how it goes
Took him 27 seconds to get the top of the mornin, jse has really gone downhill. XD
im getting callmekevin vibes rn
Duh if you were alone there would be no one to fight
I'm finally playing the game that everyone's playing and never have to wait for matches. This is a new phase in my life.
Can u do a fnaf fan 
game?
10:37 is the start of some great matrix sh8
The Murder Stroke taught plenty of lessons, Jack. It taught so many lessons. XD
The Gaelic Gladiator the finest warrior in the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.
ILL SLEEP WHEN IM DEAD
Jack if you can try playing snakeybus.
press H to see teammates
Chivalry do my eyes deceive me ?..... Is that you ?
Ain't nobody gonna hate my beautiful Irish boi......if u do then expect Boogeyman under yo bed
Please make a series on this
Jack: I wanna be a cool dude also jack: someone kick me with a horse
Mordhau means murderstroke, just incase anyone was curious
Thank you for the childhood jack. I don’t watch you like I used to but you made the childhood years great❤️
I just want to kill someone 

Sean 2019 XD
in the old days europian thought holding the blade of the sword instead of handle and punching was the best attack because doing that does heavy damage
especially Caeser thought that(i think Rome made that move)
0:04 Hanzo mains in a nutshell
Where is the old outro? 
"Thank you guys so much for watching this video, if you liked it punch that like button in the face LIKE A BOSS, and high fives all around kpsh kpsh, thank you guys and I'll see all you dudes IN THE NEXT VIDEO!!!
there is a game called transistor? I think you would like it
also some other game suggestions (all free to play)
Xenos
Roug soul Soul 1 and 2
I know you probably won't, but these are games I played as a longer kid (im still thechnecly a kid) and it would be cool to see you play them.
Skallagrim should play this
where is vacation simulator lol
Jack is like a dog
He's just happy to be apart of something
Yo is is just me or did the sword also look like a bow and arrow💀
ZERO DEATHS!!!
Mordhau, i've come for a bargain
It's been a while since I've seen a game like this.  Simple concept, cool maps.  I need more.
You should unscrew the pommel to end them rightly.
I enjoy watching this so much! Love you and the community! 💖
More please..And also SCREW YOU MIDEVIL BILLY!!!
hey what are your system specs? i wanna run this game aswell
Trees are the natural habitat of true archers
I enjoyed the editor's skills in this video!
Wait a minute... this is literally the game Mount and Blade Warband But new.
You should try going back to Kerbal Space Program and building a rocket unbreakable joints an infinite fuel and fly into the sun
"Make sure to make plenty of rest for yourself" I'd up at godly early hours watching fave YouTubers drunk and cant sleep
Hey jack love you're videos 
I just finished watching you're video about life is strange 2 episode 2 
Can you do a video life is strange episode 3 please you're content is much more better than other video from other youtubers pls <3
Starting to look like kratos there Jack
What is world's most shocking city




Electricity ⚡
Like if you got it
Jack play the tutorial
jack do more of this
Man what's happening to the video titles, they're getting more and more clickbaity for no reason..
Sean do life is strange 2 episode 3
You could say that vehicle had a lot of.. Horse power...
The intro where he got the shot would have been better if he said oooooo prestige clips ooooo
Best woody laugh of all time
It was funny when jack's character yelled his being attacked while being stuck to a tree xD
I laughed so hard when the guy tried to kick Jack away from the tree XD
Jack play life is strange 2 episode 3!
Reminds me of chivalry
You should play desolate it a fun survival game and I really think you would like
1:25 -- I want one.


This video is making my chest hurt from laughter. Jack...you do suck at this. But this game looks cool and I ain't ever seen it before. Thanks.
hey jack ca nu pley( Just Shapes & Beats )
Jack: fought a tree 
Me: . . . W H Y U B U L L Y G R O O T

(I love you Jack, I have depression and you can always manage to smear a smile on my face! PMA energy cures all! <3 Thank you!)
He started like Death note ! I solve equations with my right hand and write name with Left!

I'll take a potato chips and eat😂🤣
You should play stranded deep again
Every time I see the brigade dudes I think of the red bull can
I mis you i stopped watching you wheb i was 12 now im 14 2 whole years jack 2 whole years
Me: This game is when your in first perspective in TABS when your battling!
I love this! MOAR
Day 2 of asking Sean to play Life is Strange 2 Episode 3
Like so jack sees
This looks just like a different game, I think it is called chivalry.
Jack they hold the blade because its like an improvised blunt weapon
Play life is strange 2 episode 3
Jack more of this pls
There's a new cupheadgame it's doc
I first thought that I wanted Jack to fight alongside the ZF Clan, but now I think that he'll just get eaten alive by Cyanide and SovietWomble.
it was not jack it's roger
jack cane you play Ori and the Will of the Wisps
Jack, sitting in a tree: "Inconspicuous!"
definately would love to see more :)
Do more mordhau it looks really fun
The Gaelic Gladiator has entered the battle.
When you're too early and you can't make a joke

Me: Let's just repeat this joke and see what happens
Did you know "Mordhau" is a midevil term meaning to hold a sword by its blade?
can u do more this was really fun
You see, Jack was trained by Roger from TABS and he finally showed Roger that he can now shoot  bow on his own
If we get more episodes of these, I expect the game title to be said in that deep growl. 😜
YOOOOO I MADE IT EARLY....JACK IS LAD..LOVE U JACK
The video ends at 13:37




Outstanding Move.
jack i think you were fighting node in the ice map. SOMEONE CONFIRM THIS I AM JUST SPREADING BS.
12:55 Black fridays...
Nobody:
Commentors: JaCk PlAy LiFe Is StTrAnGe EpIsOdE 3
TF 2 medieval mode
SwaggerSouls why is he here?
We need to tell jack that a Viking, has stolen his channel.
You know there is something called block and parry
Play the new episode of Life Is Strange 2
Thanks Jack , this vid made me feel so much better about my skill in that game
When will you play life is strange 2 episode 3? It’s out now
The title sounds like one of those ACTUALLYHAPPENED stories
This has been my favorite game for the past week, I'm so glad Jack discovered it.
Only 179 comments and 748 likes
Jacksepticeye do you know I've been your subscriber ever since 22 thousand
damn i really want to play this game now lol it looks hella fun
that tree is a god it gave jack the power of 7 bois
You should have tried to beat somebody with the reversed sword. It's called a "Murderstroke".
The Gaelic Gladiator RETURNS
9:01 Jack, that some Gaelic Gladiator shit right there!
Viking stamp of approval from Sweden!
I dub thee... Ser Jack Longshotte!
0:29 sound a bit like azmodan from diablo 3
Enemy Team: NO THE TREES !!!!
He skipped the tutorial didnt he
Upload life is strange 2 episode 3
thisis reminds me so much of For Honor. and thats awesome. btw can someone please edit play of the game jackcepticeye as hazo over that tree shot lol.
This video legitimately made me laugh harder than any YouTube video I've seen over the past two weeks, including GG Power Hours. And it definitely made me want to buy Mordhau! Thanks, Jack, quality content!
This video is le:et long
Jack!! Play hat in time:)!!!!
Fortnite is now obsolete. It's MORDHAU TIME
You should play for honor
best moments of jack 9:45
Jack stream this game please
West side is the best side
I lost count of how many days ppl have been asking Sean to play LIS2😑
I'm helping lol
I expect you to duel and respect the honour code good sir, I shall meet you in game. Good day!
Best youtuber awards your the winner
more please
:')
where is life is strange 2 episode 3


But atleast u uploded a video
Your the reason I can go and do things every day
Hes surprisingly better than other youtubers and streamers that tried this game.
Who else wants jack to play more of this?
thanks, Robin 4 giving me nightmares
A free to play game? If not, I'm just gonna say I'm poor
Jack play more satisfactory please
i love when jack yelling at me like ...
Guys jacks a pro he fought 3 war and one 2 in just 13 min 37 sec
Since when did Jack get a viking haircut?
please play life is strange season 2 episode 3 please i thought it was today
JACK XD XD XXXXXXDDDD
Hi jack ik im late but I jjust got back from marks channel and I think u two should do a colab theyre really good ik u never look at my comments either of u but im HUGE fans of u both and great video!!!!!!!
if you can, play with friends jack!
Can you play this game more it’s fun watching you play this game
For the 1% that sees this......





I just want to say 

1. I love you 

2. Can a brotherrr get a new subb?
Half swording nice 👌
Jack makes every game look fun
Jack should experience the satisfaction of riding into battle on a horse
I've been following this game's development since the early alpha, never thought I'd see Jack play it! ☺
Pls life is strange 2 EP 3
Congrats on the 20million!!!!!
Guys, stop posting hate comments.


I'm tired of liking them all.
The tutorial is preatty good too. Or atleast to know some basics and make the game even more enjoyable
True Irishmen aren't snowflakes like u Jack
Play Life is Strange 2 Ep. 3 Nowwww
Jack seems like your Vid title style changed just recently
Jack's gone viking
you should use the zwiehander, its an 8ft sword that does 300 damage.
This is what Roger feels like.
So don't say Roger don't help.
But I still watch ur vids
Holding the blade is called half swording
5:01 You looking over your shoulder was funny.
2:08 the sons of Perturabo send their regards jack
Life is strange 2 ep 3
Pls do more satisfactory
Life is strange part 3 is out, you should play it
I love your video
Pls do more
You may have seen jse but have you heard of weyln the bowmaster of mordhau?
life is strange 2? hint hint
Jack please continue attack on Titan 2
Ur so bad xD
No but seriously, that was one hell of a woody woodpecker
Wait the noop guy was you dude you killed me once and I was in your team wt da hell
Are u gonna play Life is strange 2 Episode 3 or not????!!?!!
Jack our sweet little bean. <3
I used to be in a war like you 
Then I attacked my teammates by accident
And they cut my legs off
Wait, wasn’t this titled differently?
Play more great game❤
Life is St...r....nevermind
Everytime he said "I killed him" it reminded me of, Whats eating Gilbert Grape of the line " I killed him gilbert, i killed him". Love that movie
10:16 gettin them mats, it's tough.
cheerleader increase attack speed that mean roger gonna shoot arrow like a machine gun
Battlefield meets Chivalry, I like it
Jack, a new Episode of Life Is Strange 2 is out, record it please, been waiting for 4 days :D Your gameplay is the best
Play this with Cr1tikal, he’s a beast at this game
Cheese is Christ man
3:06
play life is strange 2
I saw you play Mortal Kombat 10 (XL) soooo, why not okay mortal kombat 11?
LIFE
IS
STRANGE...



PLEASE!!?!?
0:10 if I did that I would be at 1000 ping or my PC would crash
jack why don't you play sea of thieves again with the guys....
Jack the "Honey I'm Trash" got a Garden Flipper update Please play it they did that on your demand!
Is this multiplayer?
Can you please play life is strange episode 3
Ah, playing a multiplayer game AND uploading a video at the same time today without issues, and back in the day, jack struggled to even upload one video in less than a day on his sub 60 kilobyte per sec internet back in the cabin days!
When you grab the blade and hit with the guard or the pommel it is called a murder stroke
I wonder if his gonna play god of war 5
Jack you need to play this more I know you will get better at it
RIP ADDS this video will be removed soon 😔 like if your viewing original.  ✌️
Ur edits got better
remember when jack you know... was funny... me neither
Something tells me you didn’t play the tutorial. Its actually really funny
Wow. It has halfswording. That's cool.
LIFE IS STRANGE S2 EP3!!
0:34 Is the team that their gloomy against called the Assassins brotherhood?
Jack was a Vietnam soldier in the tree
Yo.... where's the video for today? Anyone know?
01:29 where did that come from :|
Life is strange 2 episode 3 has came out could you please play this soon 💚💚
7:22 
My inner medieval fighting nerd is screaming in pain
Assist in the field




Kills at the tree..
10:58 pause it and look at the kill feed, second from the bottom
Jacksepticeye please do an Origins video of Antispeticeye
life is strange 2 episode 3 has released PLAY IT NOW!!!!!!!
10:38 Has me dead😂😂
lmao that dude crouched with jack
CARTOONZ!!!!
Did anyone notice he keeps hitting the same guy on his team
this is absolutely my first time being this early...  what do I say?
Jack you should play for honor
wish the game was free :(
When you do Jack's Funniest Home Videos do a video video playlist called Detroit becoming human stuff it's funny you will crack up
Wow, never been this early O_O 2 views, 3 likes... what is this?! xD
Best archer in the game he is
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out!
Star wars battlefront before star in wars
if you wanna yell/scream push "v" it's really funny with a high pitched voice XD.
You ever just time travel to the Medieval Ages to flex on people who live in the present.
jack are u robin hood
Give me more gift card
There's an option to have icons over your teammates to see them easier
Jack more pubg
I miss his overwatch gameplay
Please play Warframe attempt#16
The greatest knight sir Jacksepticeye
Jack never sees my posts
To all the comments saying "Jack play life is strange 2 episode 3" i think he knows that it out because GG gab jacks girlfriend(?) has played  episode 3 on her channel
How ya doing i hope you are doing great and lots of love from the Netherlands see you soon
WHERE IS LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3?
enemy rides past Jack "I'm going to get him! Watch this!" ad plays instead
Ow! My glankles...
i love u jack, but remind me to never be on your team :) no offense brother man
Who else wants Jack to turn random Objects into DIY Chocolate?!? I just turned a Coke Bottle into a Kinder Surprise Chocolate on my channnel, it's soooo SATISFYING! 😍👌
Love this series
B O Y  would be proud
JACK PLAY MOAR MORDHAU
You love de hands but you hate 12:41
Make this blue if you love  Jack
👇(I’m gifting subs)
Get stuck in trees more often and “I helped”
Plz play this game more
jack looks like skallagrim now
You know,I left the internet for three months and you turn into a Viking.
chirvary v2 and mount and blade
Life is strange 2 episode 3!
A steady blade balances the soul
Seems like Jack may need to retake the Hans tests.
You know I remember the very fist video I ever saw by you. "Dying Light Hardcore Parcore" I even remember the thing you said in it that just made me laugh so much that almost made me pass out. 
zombie slaps Jack

Jack: That'll stop me. It's cause Susie hit me in the face. I can't do it when someone slaps me in the face."
I don't know what was so funny about that, but I was laughing so hard my mom thought I was having a panic attack. If anyone can make me laugh that hard it's you Jack. I love you, keep the amazing videos going. I will never get tired of watching them.
The guys name was dillan the hacker yt
Was that a 
Bruh sound effect
Men can multitask just as good as women, a Florida man was high on meth and fought off fifteen cops all while master-bating. Talk about multitasking.😂
Best vid ever
Jack can you plz make more mordhau videos
Gets hit "I blocked it!"
whats with the wierd editing lol
This game came out years ago it's called chivalry
Does no one remember the game chivalry
When is the next satisfactory episode coming
omg he has become roger
Now is your turn To be Roger
Nvm i was wrong he just had short hair
Jack when are you gonna play life is strange episode 3?
What recording software do you use
Is TABS ever coming back?
I think the team would love a man stuck between wood and stone who could shoot their enemies!  <3
jack you look like conor McGregor
5:50 thats our door your door and mostly mordhau
More of this please..
Yay adventure I can kill my enemy's but I'm stuck the tree I'm stuck someone help I'm stuck by a tree
JAck this game is ez just block when someone attacks
There's no such thing as multi-tasking. There's just doing multiple things badly.
Play life Is strange 2 eps 3
I think Roger is not going to be happy with you Jack!
Jack why are you not playing tabs anymore
Jack Septiceye the Helpful
Nice LoTR reference Jack, nice.
V X C is for emotes
Jack when they yell at you you yell back
Hey they incorporated  murder strokes, cool.
holding the blade of the sword instead of the handle is a real technique called halfswording jack, you do it so you can bash peoples skulls with the pummel.
you can throw the pommels of longswords
this is actually so fun jack!
Jack the great archer stuck on a tree never miss a shot but he sometimes hes teammate
Yes the intro nice poney tail there boy
Teo also got stuck in the same tree lol
Okay listen up, everyboduý in the Mordhau community knows that shieldbearers and archers are the no-go zone. Ya just don't do bows or shields if you don't wanna be discriminated by the chat. Since you're new imma give you a pass but next time I expect some chambering and sword fighting.
U r videos suck n- Oh. Oh no. This is terribly awkward. This was going on an enemy video. Damned friendly fire!
Are you going to play ep 3 of life is strange 2??
U should play until dawn plz I would love to watch u play it
Dude play episode 3 of life is strange 2
7:07 Confessions of a killer
jack do more and your a pro
Life is Strange 2, ep 3?! :(
JACK LIFE IS STRANGE 2 HAS A NEW EPISODE
YES HE PLAYED MORDHAU
YES YOU PLAYED IT
Hey jacksepticeye if you become a Templar I will Selsun at you
1:55 basically Jon Snow Season 8 of Game Of Thrones.
I haven't watched into the video enough to see if u've found this out yet, but I'm pretty sure u can press H (can't remember if it was another button) and u can see whose on ur team or not. Also, u can press X or C for actions or voice lines (like shit to say)
This game looks amazing
Dudeeeeeeeeee play life is strange there's a new episode!!
Jack looks like a badass viking
He literally said watch this 8:07and an ad appeared
that tutorial really seems like a must
This was a great game
So this is what bow mains are like ingame...
So nobody gonna make a joke about the video's runtime?
do it again please!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHH
Praise The Sun!
Jack, I recently rewatched your dying light videos (including The Following). I know it's an old game but you should go back to the game and finish the story, it's epic.
Medieval battlefield
Play in vr!!
Play more 🙏🏽🙏🏽
huntsman looks like Jon Snow. just sayin
1:25 you definitely scared me
Jack you are my Ideal I hope to meet you one day
This is me gaming in a nutshell. I suck SO MUCH yet get some insane luck to balance it out.
Please get the gang together and do some more videos of this!!!!
Bruh, life is strange 2, episode 3!!!! Where is it at!?!?!
I looked at the title and thought it was a story booth animation and started laughing
hes roleplaying as roger
See jack being roger is not that easy
please make more Jack.
I Played Mordhau And My Team HATED Me      to      How To Make Everyone HATE You In Mordhau
Do the tutorial jack.
Jack is basically Artemis in this game
w8 wot happen to ending where it at
JACK! please play ghost recon break point i would love to see a series of that
I swear, he made a video that had the exact same intro. I feel a weird sense of Deja Vu-
You can press X for emotes, and C for voice lines, press C again to go to different lines, Charge is the yelling one.
edition's different
Where’s roger at I need his bow skills jacks got his back today
more mordhau videos please. i really enjoyed this video.
Treeman shall return
DEUS VULT
LIFE IS STRANGE2 EP3
hey jack are you going to be play life is Strang ep. 3
I have been watching your videos since I got YouTube which was 7 years ago and I’m 11
Pls play more! I wish to see thee way waste to those who have audacity to attack the Gaelic Warrior.
I think jack probably hit his teammates more than his enemies.
PLEASE PLAY MORE!!! THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAME!!!
Jack! Episode 3 of life is strange 2 is out
More of this
I love your vehicle
Life is strange
Editing is different.......
9:47 vietnam warrior in battle
Thanks for checking out Mordhau Jack I figured you'd like it dunno why but I had some sort of vision of you playing it 
I had to create a twitter account for my current YT handle to pass on the message of Mordhau...
Of course these 2 weren't the maps I saw you in the dream it one of the other ones (I think it was that map with the thatched houses you was invading the cast through the door!) but it's funny in the dream it was a bow I saw you using so I guess it was predetermined and possibly fated that you would be an archer

Not sure why I received a premonistic vision about you playing a game 
usually they are visions of foreshadowing threats 
nice to know my clairvoyant dreams don't just foretell bad things

I may even see you in game!
if your ever on london server
Bring back the DRUMS
At 10:52 jack is actually SOOO adorable in this part ahah u don’t care what ANYONE says 😊😩😭❤️
So... Chivalry 2?
wait is jack a hippie now?
I usually don't like this type of game but watching you play it was funny asf, please do more <:
U r the super gamer
Uh life is strange 2 episode 3 ppppllllllaaaaaayyyyyyy iiiit
Battlefield but it's like the year 1455
customization babyyy
he did really good he won 2 out of 3 rounds
Play mount and blade warband
Jack is starting to tell people to subscribe now and I don't know how I feel?
I’d love to see more videos on this game to be honest haha
Jack a boy play stubbs the zombie !! You would have the good times yo!!
Jack you have to play border officer because it is a game that has the same concept as papers please but its in 3d
Jack,.. it’s been almost 3 years since I last saw your face.. I want the old you back
More please 🙏
THIS VIDEO IS 1337, LEET
I cant believe Jack found a game I'm better at then him
Timenof the video 13:37 LEETxD
I don't know about you but I thought his great sword was a Bow for awhile
hit h to tag all your team with icons
I really liked the comedy and gore. It was like an edgy realistic Gorn.
Is that game on PS4
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out 👍🏻😁🍕
are you going to play life is strange 2 episode 3 any time soon ?
Play Life Is Strange ep3 dad
That is the greatest video lattely. You have great eye for spotting new great games!
I miss Happy Wheels :( RIP
Jack you look like a viking💪
plz keep playing this sir jackaboy
Is there any chance you may be playing sekiro at some point on the channel?
more please
MOReDHAU
Play more of this game pleaseeeee
Jack is so cute
Can you please play more of this game
Jack definitely has to play this again, it was so fun to watch
Wow Sean, great job with this video this may become a classic.
Haven’t watched Jack in months, tf happened
Fun fact, flipping a sword around and striking with the handle/pommel of a sword is known as a murder strike. it adjusts the balance of the sword and is good for attacking heavily armored individuals.
More of this would be lovely
this is hilarious
Please take one video where you only talk irish
I'm just tryna sell some ramen noodles.
7:25 look its not a shovel in pg3d
Hey, at least getting stuck in the tree means you can't run into the enemy.
I NEEED M O R E
Jack needs to play the tall tale quest with the new update for Sea of Thieves
No ‘top of the morn’in to ya laddies?’
This was hilarious XD
Is there a galic gladiator gaming group?
Play garden flipper please
This was gold wish he would do more
The only thing is missing for the Gaelic Warrior to be a true marksman is to end them rightly by the pommel!
Play For Honor.
Jack is progressively gaining and then loosing more hair... Wtf
Pls do more this game is so funny to watch
This game is great, the duels are where you can really put your skill to the test, find them in the server browser.
Jack try the farcry newdawn
Plz play mxgp pro
Such a great video I loved itttt
everyone participating in a war is helping... there wouldn't be a winner without the losing side
Best Archer NA
Meh.... this game disappointed me. It's Chivalry in hd nothing more...
HI Love you jack, not gay or anything but i love ur lets play
Stand still to heal.
Play more of this
Pls play again like a series
Pls play life is strange 2 ep 3
Its weird because he was my childhood and i cant imagine a world with him😂😂
god just use a gun what are you guys doing
Your awesome jack
I thought this was weird skyrim
Jack, holding the blade of a sword is called halfswording, and the handguards guards could be used to penetrate enemy armour better than the blade could.
The beard of a viking, but the hair of a warrior!
Play a plague tale
YESSSS FINALLLYYY
i wonder if i played with you
Do the battle royal mode
This is nearly as good as Happy Wheels
Should I sub to u again
MORE PLZ
Can we get life is strange 2 episode 3 please
P.s. go to images
PLS MORE
Could you please play red dead redemption 2 i think you would like the story
Got him 😂
Roger be putting you to shame....
practice some more
Play more plsssss
Dooooooo more my lad
Please play more!
Jack please tell me/us that you're going to play the third episode of Life is Strange 2! It just came out on Thursday!
Keep playing this game
I think you are really good
Let the spider of roger flow within him😤😂
If Sean was an Immortal like in Highlander he would get his head cut off before even finding out he was immortal. But if Immortals used bows in place of swords he would be the only one left standing.
Wait... so Jack is uploading a video and still getting perfect ping on a video game? How much internet speed do you have!? And can I have some!?
Do more scary games please
“I can’t even tell who’s who. It’s like being stuck inside an orgy.”
-Jacksepticeye 2019
please play life is strange 2 episode 3
Play again jack plzzzz!!!!
could you play monster hunter world?
But you usually say that you don't need rest
Play rainbow six siege
Jack pubg please
Hi jack! Just wanted to let you know if you love medieval game you could try skyrim. You can be anything you want to be , best game in my book 😇😉 lot of love and see you soon!
Sadisfactory please
Play Life after
Please play IMMURE!
Play life is strange 2
Play life is strange 2
I haven't watch Jack in years. I like his new look
1337 video
best helper
Stop yelling lol
Out of all the people in this game Jack's the one who asks how to yell
*Looks at length of video*.    1337!!!!!!!!!!!
Jack looks like he could be a pro archer
Play episode 3 of life is strange 2
Holding your sword by the blade and swinging it is called half swording which is used to be effective against enemies wearing armor
Do more mordua videos jack plzzzzzzz
Do more of it
Sean, 2 guys in full iron armor are dueling. They both got a sword. The pointy part doesnt go through the armor. But you know what does? A hammer. Well. Since those longswords are 1.7 metres amd the handle is as heavy as half the blade. Dont you think it make a great warhammer when you hold it upside down? ;)
I haven't seen this channel in so long, that I just saw Sean w/ his man bun. I feel loke a loser.😐😒
Tree hugger, jack is now a tree lover
Welcome to the Crusade
Hey Jack, you can tap H to display little crosses on top of your teammates' heads. It helps a ton!
Please play life is strange 2 episode 3
You know your a youtuber when you shift blame like a boss
13:37 Epic
please play scp secret lab
Life is Strange Coming Soon?
Play more satisfactory
Play for honor!
BRUH, time to BRUH while trying to heal
"I used to be an adventurer like you...but then I got a arrow in my face."
classic jack trying to save his team from the enemies by killing them him self
I am great for war, I am built for war then got shot and killed
The new life is strange 2 episode is out. Please play it :3
PLAY MORE MORDHAU
Pls more
Jack looks like roger in tabs tho
so this is basically chivarly
Is it a coincidence that the video is 13:37? I think NOT
Part 2
Does anyone remember kung foo fuey that karate dog on boomerang and the saturdays
"I look like a lost child in the middle of a supermarket...where everyone's fighting." Jack says what?
Play for honor
Hey Jack you doing life is strange 2 eposode 3 anytime soon?
Jack holding the sword on the blade is called half swording blades are only good vs unarmored however half swording turns your sword into a small hammer with a dagger long tip you can use to jab at faces but you use the hammer style or half swording you will do more damage to armoured enemy’s
Jack please play more of this this game is so cool
8
9
10
Could you plz do at least one more watch dogs 2 video plz plz plz
PLAY THIS MORRRREEEE
the tree of death
This is just playing tabs now. Is like the side is irish and other side is something that Idk. But this is a great war game
0:16 Let's get this bread
LIFE IS STRANGE 2'S NEW EPISODE IS OUT
JACK JACK JACK JACK JACK!!! HEARTBOUND IS OUT! YOU PLAYED THE DEMO, SO NOW YOU NEED TO PLAY IT! PLEEEEEEASE.
I think I'm the only one who has never heard if MORDHAU before...
More play of this pls
When you are playing mordhau and realized the tree started speaking vietnamese
Those shots were sweet
Play the new life is strange episode
Play part 2
Plot twist:Jack hated the team
3:25 hears police sirens
4:30 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
looks for boss hat
where did jack's hat go??
The cries for help from when he was stuck in the tree reminded me of Joseph Joestar screaming for help while he was being attacked by an old woman with an umbrella.
When is you gonna plae gorn
Play more!
I go on vacation, i come back jack cuts his hair
7:24 we want expecting special forces
This game reminds me of what for honor would have been
I hope this comes to console since Chivalry died long ago.
Wait is that gray hair?
Please play more
Is it me or did he sound like the announcer from mortal kombat armagedon at 0:30?
Third episode of life is strange 2 is out
MORE!
I wanted to check out Mordhau, but the link took me to BeamNG, guess I'm doing that now 😅
More!
Jack theres a new episode for life is strange
He's a small child in the mall on black Friday
What the he'll happen to your hair  jake
where is life is strange 3
We need more
I'm so thirsty...my poor, poor crusty lips.
You can block arrows in mid air using a sword or a something and you can block meele attack and you can throw meele wepons
Jack I know you probably won't see this but I want you to know that videos like this and all your other videos make me smile and laugh so much. You are such an amazing, comedic, positive person and I hope you don't change that. I have suicidal thoughts a lot and you make me feel better. Thanks for everything you do for me, and the rest of your subscribers as well
We all love you so much Jack! :D
Septic juice made jack more awesome! And funny. ☺❤💚👍✌
Am i the only one who is waiting if he is gonna play days gone 😬
It’s been so long when are you going to bring back anti
I prefer archer
I’m trying to create a bard character who can’t deal damage at all
Nobody tell Jack about the bards
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out
I want to see jacks set up
Jack gets stuck in the tree and becomes a pro gamer.
Good game, bRo
how was Japan?
Just block alot
M O R E!
Jack can you please Plague of Innocence’s when it comes out
Sean kept killing his people. You would make a horrible king
Please for the love of god do the tutorial
that's a move
Next time you play you’ll be Jon snow in the “for the watch” scene and your team will take revenge on you
It's my birthday
Can you learn the controls first?
Must see more
I did
0:30 world serpent?
LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3
Yo get some buds to play this with ya. Extremely fun that way
THERE IN THE TREES!
MOOORE
For Hodor!
Mooorrrreee ooofffff thiiissss
Who edited this?
Mmhmm play more of this
This is why we play the tutorials children.
More satisfactory
Hey when are we gonna get an Anti backstory like the one we got for Dark
Jack, you need to learn to block
-_____
They really would hold the sword by the blade and fight with the hilt. It was actually quite a vicious tactic.
Jack is the new Roger
Play my friend Pedro
More this is great game
If you have time, I think you should play My hero ones justice! It is amazing!!!
How could you hate jack ?
Please play more
Lmao you look like a bloody viking, its awesome
Jack, where's Life is Strange 2 episode 3???
One thing i find funny is ive played with many of the people in is games lol, mordhau is still such a small world of joy
Hey Jack just press v and you scream out like a crazy man
Play again
PLAY MORE
I want more
1:51 WHATS THE SOVIET UNION DOING IN MEDIEVAL TIMES..  WHAT, LENIN HAS TIME MACHINES????
I know you can change your characters voice and pitch in the menu, there's a suicide hotkey if you get stuck or want to change classes
A Like for the deepest Mordhau voice ever
Do not try to kill sqiurels :D Edit: I need to try going unarmed. A survivor to the sword, scavenger of the dead, the naked guy of the North Marta of SmallVilage
Play horde with friends plis
You look like Walter Wight
0:30 is the beautiful voice i ever heard it’s like demon lord wth
Jack please play more overwatch i feel like u would like ashe

Edit: or play battlefield 5
Hey jack brigands are normally kept in the back for the benefit of distance.(Archers)
When you turn the blade around like that in the Mordhau grip, you use the cross guard and/or pommel as a makeshift hammer in order to fight enemies in armor, where blunt force would be more effective

ie. Mace
I’ve killed so many team mates cause I tried using the ballista
I thought Jack was playing mordhau not subnautica blow zero
You should play HOME on steam (its free!) its kinda cute and cool.
Plz play more this was fantastic
THAT TREE WAS A FRENEMIE!
Please make more Satisfactory videos!!!
life is strange 2 episode 3? where it at?
Jack just go to the training..
Trees help win wars
4 leg drive.
Please play this game again!!!
ALL THE WAY
Jack needs to make a death metal band now with that yell
More! More! More!
12:37 that guy just teamkilled that guy for no reason wtf
Video is 13:37? It's gamer time.
JACK WHERE IS LIFE IS STRANGEEEEE?????????
GREAT GOD!
Sean just abandoned Roger from Totally Accurate Battle Simulator!
Quote from Jack 2019


"Killing people feels great"
Hunter The Call of the Wild please series 😁😁
7:17 nobody hit you at the last second but the footman perk is when the enemy hit hard and it look like you died but you didn't died it mean you have 5 second to attack back before you died by bleeding and to know if you activate the Perk (by itself if enemy hit hard) you will heard a scream from you not your team
Is this the recording or the upload?
That was delicious. ANOTHA!!
Jacksepticeye didn’t help the fight.
little did jacks team know
he was really an enemy spy, sent by the red team to attack them
18k viewed
Do you remember your favorite  memory’s games of happy wheels! Turbo dismount and sumotori dreams a
Jack needs to nerf him self he is to strong when he's stuck in a tree
More dab?
I can’t wait for life is strange 2 episode 3 😁
Play rust on Steam
play episode 3 of lis 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHERE 
IS
LIFE
IS 
STRANGE
????????
I wonder what the other guy thought when this happened 2:24
Do more
This game reminds me a lot of chivalry medieval warfare
NOTE TO SELF STICK JACK IN A TREE
Jack they all good Brigand is not bad i watch people use them and got so many kill without getting hit except arrow the strongest damage is the Brigand and the most defensive (and strong i think) is Protector i think you can block any way with Protector unlike the sword need to block left side, right side, up but shield? it like block every side
Jack: Snipes while stuck in a tree
Me: hE dIiIiIiIeEeEeED
"I'm helping!"
"See? I helped!"
Adorable
Heck Yeah!! Nice Archery Skills. Thats mostly me in Skyrim, you can't see me, but the last thing you will feel are my arrows in your face XD XD 
This game looks fun, I must ask my bros if they'd like to play it. Great tree defense XD XD Keep being an awesome archer bro!! 🍀😎👊

 How does this work? XD XD. Whoopsie XD XD 
 XD Built for the floor XD XD 
 Group Projects XD XD 
 Face shield XD XD 
 😶😶......
 Karma hits XD XD 
8:11 Am I on the team? 😐
 XD XD Nice to have friends when your stuck XD XD
Jack: I'm gonna get this guy, watch this (swing's and misses) Jack:got em
Charlie wants to know your location or cr1tical
More!!
The tree of accuracy
Charlie also plays this game
Who would of known jack isn't great at this game haha no hate
Now we know the sure fire way to defeat a Gaelic Gladiator; put a tree in front of him.
just crouching and staying still also heals...
I'm going to be completely honest I didn't watch this video in fact Ive spent all day thinking about what to write in this comment and well I just went back and rewatched undertale recently and it made me think of how you changed over these last few years and I might not watch your videos as frequently as I used to I still am a huge fan and still get Getty nostalga every time I go back to one of your Happy wheels videos and I really have grown up watching your videos and thank you if it wasn't for me watching your videos I would be the bright positive Getty optimistic person i am today so once again thank you
I nfifj
More plz
Ugh, archers
Play more
Jack, the Epic Gaelic Tree Sniper Gladiator, he's Robin Jack, ... or Jack Hood.  Loved the shot where you hit the blue running at you,... but you could have let him kill you to move... and the shot right after that... Guys are thinking -.- what happened?
That's not your door that Mordor
More..
JAAAAACKKKKK, pls stream this one day! On Twitch obviously Kappa Btw, great video. Laughed almost the entire time LUL
"That still only counts as one!" xD I love  the LOTR reference
Jack
He attac
He protec
But most importantly


He team kil
“See I’m helping” 
Someone needs to count how many times jack said that in this vid xD 
So optimistic
Amazing, video Jack I really love it
Hey Jack I don't know if you take requests but if you you do then can you play vive I you do can you mention me?🙂
That’s cool this game has half swording
Idk why but when I read the name of the game Mordhau I think of the name of the bear from the DIsney Movie 'Brave'


Is that weird???
Life is strange 2 ep.3 is out now 😁😁
please more of this
Play life is strange 2 ep3
When are you going to play life is strange 2?
plz play again
The grind don't stop
The best
Hey Jack I have a request. Can you make red dead redemption 2 videos. The game has snowy forest as a biome. The game is longer then god of war I think?
Some veteran or person in the army is watching this in their off time and they're just looking at jack like. Pfffttt amateur.
That was a hell of shot! Way to go Jack!
@Jacksepticeye .  Bruuuhhhh!
wrong link?
Jack, you ever thought about making a LP of Days Gone?
Its a really good game.
Its The Last of Us meets I Am Legend
19:36

"Stop Yelling At Me"

Says the guy who yells his intro AND outro AND is loud. lol. 

LOVE YA JACK!
Nobody:


Absolutely no one:



Jack: 
The spirit of Roger has possessed you. You now have wicked sniping skills
Proud of your archery skills, Tree Jack
This gameplay is believable, jack was a former battlefield 3 pro player
You are now fighting for the independence of Ireland
Obviously that tree chose you to defend it from those who might cut it down by literally rooting you to the spot and imbuing the wooden shafts of your arrows with the power to fly straight to the heads of any human who might pose a threat to either of you.

Obviously. :)
You can tell jack has never played chivalry
There is no such thing as multi tasking only task switching
JAAAAAAAAACK, plz play more!
he should play woody woodpecker
Plez play more
Hi jack I know you love spider man but I want to ask you if your going to watch the new spider man movie bye now I love your videos
What fantastic timing.
Is jack outta town bc i want sean and daniel
3:55 your guy is Krusty the clown?
When is Life is Strange coming back
DO SLIME RANCHER AGAIN!!!!!!
How do you upload a video while recording one? You must have the best internet. If I try upload everything else will run like ass.  And it would take probably 20 hours to upload a 20 minutes video. That's how bad my internet is...
Hey jack!
Remember the game called "my friend pedro" it's coming out soon
PLAY IT!
This title and thumbnail idea reminds me of someone


Also when jack got stuck is when good shit happens
He does better when he's stuck by a tree than moving around.
please play and record the tutorial its hilarious and also useful
Jack was lookin like a worrier and a sea full of warriors
This whole video was it Jack was in a GOT episode! Lol
You should make a DND character called death bow, he's a god at archery, but has an irrational fear of not touching trees
JACK when someone grabs their blade and attacks with the hilt, THAT is literally a Mordhou, or "murder stroke", hence the name. Made to bludgeon or penetrate with the crossguard.
I haven't watched JSE in a while. wHow, he's changed
New god of war weaknes not rage but the TREE TA DA DAAAA
I imagine if there is a war while jack was young he would do this when he was drafted
there is no i in team, but there is an m and an e
Jack u need to play danger zone that game like Minecraft
play more!
welcome to advanced 3D tabs
Unscrew the pommel and end him rightly!
This game is wayyy better than Apex and Fortnite, thanks jack
In 9:02 you did more damage with your hands than you did with you wepons
Life is Strange
Use big axe
80% of comments: Jack play Life is Strange 2 episode 3
15%: Jack gets stuck in a tree
5%: anything else
Jack attack damage: Over 9000
Weakness: Trees
He is the best YouTuber ever without him we'd be dead
Sean: if I was on the battle field alone I would win this war
Me: your not Roger or his less famous brother steve
Sean: I can do it all I'm jackie-boy man 
Me: cough not Roger cough
Jack play more of this like so he can see it
jack every five minutes: i'm helping!!!
Jack: know when they tap you in the butt in battle
Me: No I don't know
This was brilliant 😂😂
Jack. You've done me wrong. Lived is Strange, Jack, Life is Strange
Also plz bring back Anti I’ll never ask again and for the sake of this conversation neither will they☘️🍀
Please make this a series jack
U should play with Teo
THOSE SNIPER KILLS LIKE DAMN!
Just laughed very loudly on a quiet public train at this video
When will you play chapter 3 of life is strange dude?
Jack life is strange new episode out PLAU IT
PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 PLEEEASE (like if agree)
Go play life is strange
I thrive to have that beard
THEYRE IN THE TREES
Life is strange 2 ????
You need to play Life is strange 2 episode 3 because I'm seeing all these thumbnails and there not yours also good vid
Great video! Can't wait for Life is strange 2 episode 3, take your time though👌
This legitimately looked like a ton of fun to play.
Flipping your sword is called half swording so you can bash armor
Can u play life is strange plz I think that would make a great series
Sean should be next Hawkeye
Awesome video Jack, really liked it!
Will Antiseptic Jacke ever be back
Best thing to watch on my birthday😀
This is why you do the tutorial first
This video is leet minutes long
Play again play again so fun
The tree warrior!!!
Sean plese play the tutorial. and if you've already played it play it again and focus on what they are saying. for the love of god :D its hard to watch.
IM HELPING
Play life is strange plz
Play lost in vivo
This game reminds me of chivalry medevial warfare. I wonder if jack will play that or knows about it?
Play this again
When you're only aloud to hit the like and subscribe button this time instead of smash it sad hulk noises
Hey epic gamer don’t forget about Life is strange season two episode three and play it or I WILL COME INTO YOUR HOUSE AND steal all of your cookies 👺👺👺  🍪
2:46 jack put on some glasses man
You made me burst my drink
Play Mount and Blade: Warband 

PLEASEEE
I think you still don’t know 





Life is strange episode 3 is out
Jack can you play ghost recon breakpoint when it comes out
This is my new favorite game
The laughing and stuff is voice commands you can use.
God bless you Sean
Play more please! 😊
More proof that if jack was in dnd he would be a ranger
10:49 jack is secretly a member of faze
1:51 jack after recording
Life is strange 2
Dude that sword looked like a bow and arrow
Look at video games evolution
This is me when I play video games but Im worse
you look like a samurai
Epic and cool
Tree needs nerf pls
The only thing I see is Jack going through WAR, BLOOD, & THUNDER!!!
Those 87 dislikes are the people you hit that were on your team (;-;)
Me: uh Jack, you know you have teammates right?
Jack: stabs teammate what teammate? 
Also Jack: 3:23 "I just wanted to heal up for a sec, but you guys are being AWFUL to me!"
Wait a sec is jac was roger all these time
THEY HAVE MURDER STRIKES!!!?!!! Instant Nerd-gasm
when jack plays games like this it feels like a lonely boy in the crowd.
Did you play the tutorial?
Jack plays rainbow six siege?
8:00 I'm proud of you jack, hearties
Mordhau, I’ve come to bargain
What will he go back to Assasans creed origin
I thought this game was pretty stupid at first glance, but it grew on me in the 13 minutes of video. Please play more of this. <3
I went to the dentist today and got laughing gas and a shot now I feel funny
Rest? Yeah, I do need rest.
I used to be a Gaelic gladiator like you, then I got stuck in a tree
Can we have 100 more happy wheels episodes
TABS
Please play Siege just once
I mean dlc
Still waiting for u to play the new ep of life is strange
I what this game but it’s only for pc
0:19
You sound like Ubisoft...
the grind never stops
"I legitimately had SO much fun recording and editing this episode" Does that mean Robin is no longer his editor?
0:00 OH MY GOOOOOOD!!!


wow Mordhau is way harder than Nano made it look. XD
You should play kingdom come deliverance.👍
I REAAALLYY wish you would notice me jack because I’ve been your biggest fan for as long as I can remember and funny thing is that the first video I watched of you was the first episode of happy wheels😂😂and I really love your channel and seeing you now it’s kinda bunch of balloni(srry if my fucking grammar is ballshit English wasn’t my first language😂)I reallyyyy love you sooooo muchhhh jackkk keep whatever the fuck you r doing ❤️❤️❤️ANYWAYS I hope you see this😂..... also not to be mean but I rllyyyyy missed the good old jack😂
"Can I scream as well? everybody else is screaming"

uhhh yeah
Please do life is strange episode 3 is out pls
Jack has achieved God power of multitasking
90 percent is life is strange 9 percent other things me this
legit thought that his sword was a bow
Jack u should play for honor
Pls make more Mordhau content it is so brilliant and entertaining
Hitting the tree reminded me when Blinkin from men in tights attacked the castle wooden support.
More of this please good sir !!!
Brings me back to the days of BOY
Sean if you’re finished dying light 1 please make a series of dying light 2.btw I’m part Irish and I love the accent and want to see Ireland
End them rightly jack !!!
Where is life is strange man
V to taunt with voice c to change it to did things
Jack i have discovered a game that I think you will like and find really interesting. It’s a mobile game (I know that may put you off). It’s a mystery/puzzle solving game based during an apocalypse and it is called “The Silent Age”. It’s one of the games your calmer self would play.
Let me Just  BRUH

 Jack and Robin 2019
Start of video 
Me: "Are you a Roger or a Steve?"
Jack wonders around, no clue what he's doing. He quite often kills his allies. He bad some random epic moments of redemption.
Me: "Yep. Definitely a Steve."
*kills teammate
Jack : "I'm helping !"
this is a better version of  chivalry
Jack, for the love of god, play this game more.
3:20 
Did anyone else hear 'bruh' as Jack died?? Please say it's not just me.
loved the memes! xD
Now the real question. How to find a Jack in the haystack that is all the servers?
You think that is multi tasking I am eating a burger while watching this  and I am playing a video game.😎
I really love this, I hope there'll more of this :3
Jack remember to block
7:31 you hold a sword like that to use it as a blunt weapon and blugeon them to death
I like archery too
U can get perfect shot becasue you are Jack hood
Please play life is strange S2 pt 3 !!
More!!!
13:37 lolsorandom
Jack I know you won’t see this but your my favorite YouTuber and you expired me to do stuff that I thought I couldn’t do so what I’m saying is thx
Jack you know life is strange episode 3 came out right? You need to play
1:18 i fought that was a bow.
xD LOL LMFAO am i right?
Jack, you should play Rainbow Six Siege
Jack, when you hold the sword by the blade and hit people with the pommel it's an historical technique, called mordhau (or in english, the murder stroke)! You were literally doing what the name of the game is xd
Do more of this please. It's great watching you play it.
Jack: I'm great for war! 




gets killed immediately
You hold it upside down (half swording) for armored enemies. It doesn't cut your hand if you hold it well. Moreover they are wearing gauntlets.
"Above all the people i could hit, i hit my teammates" - jacksepticeye 2019
"killing people feels good"
Jack-2019
Jack you don't get up close to the enemy with a polearm it is there to keep your enemy's away
Plz jack plz..... make another vid this was the best battle game as of now and you are the funniest fighter ever
9:45 

The birth of a new Treebeard.
In class I am doing a project for a country I picked Ireland
I know this comment is on every mordhau video but holding it by the blade is a historicly accurate technique for dealing with armour
I used to think that I would be the safest person going into battle with the Gaelic Gladiator... but now I'm not so sure
Telling jack to play Spider-Man dlc until he does it day 24
Pleas play more of this.
7:18 To hold the sword reversed by the blade is the technique this game is named after, "Mordhau" which is directly translated into "murder-strike". It was used against opponentsi metal armor to bash with the sword more like a mace as cuts arn't effective against an opponent in full armor.
Play more
Again again AGAIN!!!! hell yaaaaa warr with Jack
Another episode of life is strange came out please play it
Play fallout 76 please
Oh, so this is where gta police drivers come from
what a clickbait title, we just witnessed Police Master Jack in action, to protect and swerve
And he STILL doesn't have a Coca Cola Zero sugar same great coke taste but zero sugar
now with a hint of added vanilla sponsorship
Jack: Crashes head-first into a high profile criminal


Everyone else in the local prison:
I wonder why Jack's Irish accent/use of Irish slang has gotten heavier lately. I like it.
Make this blue if u love your mom 
👇  (im gifting subscribers)w
Me: Slowly catching up on videos I missed the last few days while I'm feeding my babygirl
Her: Falls asleep on me during DIY videos
Jack: Smack Top of the morning to you!
Her: Jumps in her sleep, wakes up, and then looks towards the sound before glaring at me


How dare I watch Jacksepticeye videos without her.
“Were gonna catch em!” 

“Were gonna catch em!” 



“Not like that we’re not”
I'm glad Jack is as funny as he is because I'm definitely not watching this for the skill :)
Jack: Watch this move 
Me: jack no u won’t be able to...
hits tree 
Me: 🤦‍♂️ 
Jack: exactly as I intended
Jack: This tree isn’t going to save you

Tree: I’m about to end this man’s whole career
This video: exists 
Me: well today I learnt to yeet a jeep into space
"I'm gonna catch him so fast this time... he's not even gonna be born yet."

-Jacksepticeye 2019
"Im gonna catch him so fast he's not even gonna be born yet"
-Jacksepticeye 2019
Jack play, life is strange 2 episode 3
“The tree isn’t going to save you now”

Tree stops Jack 5 seconds later
Excuse me sir do you have a license for stealing?

Uhh... no

WELL THEN IN THE NAME OF THE QUEEN!!!
Jack: I'm the best in the force
One minor turn: absolutely destroys him
At 2:12 all I could think of was...

Déja vu I’ve just been in this place before!!!
Jack: I'm gunna ram him, I'm gunna ram him so hard he will forget his own name. Just call me Ramsey.

Gordon: Am I a joke to you?
Officer Jack: I'm on his tail, he probably has a license!
hits lamp post
Jack:I love to go to Utah
Me, who lives in Utah:[happiness noises]
Thank you for making me laugh. It has been a rough day i was being bullied then my baby duck got steped on. We had to put him to sleep.ive been crying for the last 3 hours and I found you. You made me laugh and lightened my day. Thank you jack!
I'm watching Jacksepticeye's videos before I go to sleep but I can't stop laughing 😂 😂 😂 Keep up the funny content my Irish fellow, I'm Irish aswell 👍
Random fact : adult swim confirmed rick and morty season 4
"I'm going to ram him so hard hes gonna forget his name"

- Jacksepticeye 2019
Jack: "I'm gonna ram him so hard he's gonna forget his own name!"
Me, whispering: gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Jack: All i wanted was to have a nice sunday drive with my family

Attempts To Win a Race where it clearly says Failed but Thinks He Won.
7:41
Jack: watch this move 
Tree: (grabs car)
JACK HAS A BEARD NOW I've been gone to long
Can you Play life is strange 2 episode 3








like so he can see
0:38 loading screen for 20 minutes and the video is only 16 minutes😂
WHERE'S OUR OFFICIAL HAIR DYE COLOR?
GREEN IS MY FAV COLOR DO YOU ALSO LIKE THAT?
10:51,I don't think Franco is getting help any time soon.
9:08 THAT WASN'T AN ACTUAL DEER IN THE LOADING SCREEN??
Whenever I see that whiteboard in the background:

faint in the distance LAUGH!
Can u do some mods like back in the day plz jack


Like so he can see
   |
  V
"Watch this move" rams into brick building ...
6:34 
Jack: STOP IN THE NAME OF THE LAW

Jack in 2014 playing gta: STOP IN THE NAME OF THE LAW 🎵HAIL TO THE BUS DRIVER👏BUS DRIVER👏BUS DRIVER👏🎵
Me: *trying to watch videos at night when I am meant to be sleeping then the intro comes on*
Guess who's in Dublin, Jacksepticeye the Garda 😂🤣🤣😂😂
Ok. Jack you are my favorite youtuber. Not just because ur funny witch you REALLY are but you are also really sweet with all the nice things you say about your community. Your also so incredibly inspirational!!!!❤❤❤
Officer Jack: I'm on his tail!
Hits light pole
This is how much you love jack
⬇
WAIT FOR IT.....WAIT FOR IT......

Deja vu
!!!!
I've just been in this place before
Higher on the street
And I know it's my time to go
Calling you and the search is mystery
Standing on my feet
It's so hard when I try to be me uoooh!
I LOVE THIS GAME WHEN SEAN PLAYS IT!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU SEE ME YET. sorry
0:49- "Are you?" No. :( Today has sucked in a major way. I didn't get much done at work, my self-worth is very low, and I had a panic attack earlier. I really hope that your day is much better and that the loading screen isn't making you think about bad stuff that may have happened to you in your past.
1:01- "Game crashed!" Well, that isn't conducive to making videos. Come on game! Sit up and fly straight, whydon'tya?
- You did it! And with no front end at all.
- "We have this nice elk- er, elm tree." :P Thanks to Robin, we have both.
- "If the Earth is actually really flat, how do you explain all of these rocks and bumps?" (Thinks about explaining surface typography, then decides against it.)
I wonder what he's like in Mario Kart?! 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣👍👍🤙🤙🤙🤙
OH HECK YEAH!!! I remember the OG jacksepticeye beamng days. So hyped that you brought the series back!!!
Jack: Watch this move!

gets stucc

Jack: Exacly as i intended.
jack when i was 9 i started watching cause my mom was in jail and i missed you and you got me through so much and i am a boy that is not gay but i love you your the best thank you for everything
Not trying to be mean to jack (cause I love him) but his slick back hair looks like a hedgehog lol
I thought that buck was actually in the loading screen😐😐😐
A great coke delivery man. That's a drug dealer, Jack.
:Officer Jack: Ok guys check out this move!
*Crashes into a tree*
:Officer Jack: ...Exactly as I intended!
Hey jack will you ever continue the hello neighbor(Full Realease) series
Jack:Watch this move
gets stuck by a tree
I live in Utah, this video has humbled me, we aren't a forgotten state!
Longest loading time: BeamNG VS Ark: Survival Evolved! 
Ready! ...Set!! ...They both crashed.
Seán as a police officer:


Don't worry ma'am I'm here to help!
Jack: "but THANK you guys, and ill SEE all you DUDES"
Ad: "Change the way you think about deodorant with Schmidts Natural Deodorant"
Jack: "IN THE NEXT VIDEOOOO!"
Seán, is it okay if i write a story/book of you and other most popular youtubers? Pweeeease
"An elk is a moose"
No..no jack, a moose is a moose and an elk is an elk xD
9:21
Why did it take me a few seconds to register that the elk wasn't actually part of the loading screen, even after it bounced away?
7:50 (jack) that tree won’t save you now
7:55 jack crashes into said tree saving the driver
Jack: ok he went left this time
proceeds to crash into pole
Play Roblox vehicle simulator and choose police team 😂😂🤣🤣
Me calling 911: Umm... Is this the police i need help on my street i saw a guy in a cop car driving through 4 children 5 dogs and 9 cats and also 2 trees 
The cop on the phone: Mmm does he yell like a lot?
Me: Yea why?
Guy hangs up on me
Jack: "The tree isn't gonna save you"

Tree: (stops Jack)
Officer Jack: GO INTO THE FIELDS! YOU'LL CATCH HIM FASTER!

Hits tree

Officer Jack: Put your limbs behind your trunk. You have the right to remain silent. Any bark can be used against you in the court of law.

Me: Um-
An elk is a moose...  OBVIOUSLY
9:03 *phone rings *
"I think that's the sound of my car"
Wow! Perfect timing lol
"Watch this move" breaks car
🤣
The one question I see in Jack's eyes:

"What the absolute f*ck am I doing?"
Rub butter on them?? i was thinking more like oil but that also works ;)
I'm loving the beard jack, dont listen to the haters
Those runaway suspects need BAITINS!!!💪✊
Jack has done so many things in life like:
-donating charity
-being one of the known gamers
-has enough equipment for games
-met ryan reynolds and other stars
-being the best at delivering pizza, being a cop, delivering tasty cola.




BUT WHY DOES HE NOT HAVE COKE SPONSORSHIP!!!
Robin really has tricks with his edits.

Good job! Robin
Xbox truly is the most powerful console
1:45
"I'll get ya now ya little fecker, ya!"
Oh god!
Next time, I’m checking my playback speed.
A 2x Jack is not needed.
Jack you have to try Snakeybus out!! Great game
me: currently going back and watching all of his old videos again
Jack: posts
me: 3 MINUTES AGO????? 4.6K VIEWS?????
10:40 who's James Franco now, huh?!
Jack......Jack has a beard






My Life is complete
Officer Jack: He went left this time!


Runs straight into a tree
Love the hair stile jack it’s better than looking like gokus ssj 3 hair 😂👍🏻
Jack press and hold left control and move your mouse to drag wheel and turn your car over then you are good to go.
Jack! you should play generation zero. I think its a game you would like.
“You gotta lube up the joints”
Jacksepticeye-2019
UR BACK ON BEAMNG FINALLY I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS I LOVE UR BEAMNG VIDS JACK
sup jacksepticeye love ur vids keep up the great work
Just remember kids! 
If Officer Jack rams your car from the back or the side, it means you've done something wrong!
omg yessssssssssssss its been so long omg yessssssssssssssss notice mee i miss bmng drive
"She's a unit! An absolute beast!"
Like Becky "The Man" Lynch?! 😃
"I think I'm going to have to hang up my donuts. I don't know if I can handle a life of crime"
Or a life of cremes.
Recieve notification
Me:OMG JACK REALESED A VIDEO YES!!

Youtube:Your account was blocked.
HE SCREAM
HE LAUGH
BUT MOST IMPORTENTLY..
HE COME BACC
Jack: This tree isn't gonna save you

Tree: How dare you oppose me mortal
Nostalgia for old videos, I remember the gravity mods and the flying car bruh. Been here since 500k subs damn
7:41 -- Ribs...so hurt. LOL, just call me RAMSY.

Bahahahahaaaaaa....
"WATCH THIS MOVE"
Legend says people can still hear those car noises..
Wow Jack! You're a better policeman than the lspd in gta5 XD
2:03 R.I.P Jackseptic Shingo if you know initial d than you know what I'm talking about
Oh 1992 jeep wrangler Sahara used in Jurassic park my favorite jeep
I love how he said Utah!~<3
Comment about the jeep in Utah - 100% accurate. At least 4 people in my family do this regularly.
I think 4:02 to 4:13 is the hardest I laughed in a while. & it was mostly Jack's expression that got me. the pure look of "uhm... excuse me!?"
Jack:We'll stop em in no time!

*Runs over billy's lawn

Me:Well you were lying.
In Utah, to UTAHlize my UTILITY. Got 'em.
7:41 “The tree is not going to save you now” 

7:45
hen jack mentions the state you live in briefly
Happiness noises
10:01 Uncharted 4: A jeep's End
Jack: "hire me as your stunt driver in your movies"
Seconds later: fails to drift
Hey guys be sure to give your mum love 





Mother’s day has already been for me
Jack the next episode of life is strange 2 is out. 👀
You look like Joseph from far cry 5 just get the glasses lol
Omg returned to your channel after a month and SAW YOU DO THIS GAME AGAIN! OMG!
Is that Mountain Race supposed to be based on the famous "Akina Downhill" race in Initial D?

Running in the 90s intensifies
It sounds like a whale giving birth
-Jacksepticeye 2019
Don’t do missions do Beam NG Drive mods jack
Jack; hey, watch this move!
*Hits wall*
Jack; just as I Intended.
Jack: What should I do today?

Me: get a lisence
"Is it safe? Can I touch it?"


-Jacksepticeye 2019
Jack:you think that tree will save u 

Tree:yea I will
jack:watch this move gets stuck
me:LMAO
triggered







ABOUT NOTHING 😃
“Watch this move” 7:42 famous last words
😂🤣

Nice move jack
Me: is Irish and doesn't watch jacksepticeye

My recommend: YOUR IRISH RIGHT HERE 5O JACKSEPTICEYE VIDEOS
1:54
Jack: I just driving like a normal human being
Speedometer: *80 mph*
0:53 I tought it was a buggy😂
"I feel like I could have taken him out without damage to me."
30 seconds later he rams full speed into the back of the suspect😂
FBI open up more like FBI Jack it up
“Why aren’t we sending these jeeps into space”- astronaut jack 2019
Rule #1 u cant turn and brake at the same time lol😂😂
frickin' love this sexy man ;))
I DON'T THINK JACK HAS A LICENSE
sees thumbnail
Why is Jack looking at a captcha?
Are you going to play Life is Strange 2 episode 3?
Watch this move
》hits tree《
》gets stuck《
i swear the irish is comming out louder than ever xD
Why isn't Jack drifting on the turnsss!? Your still the best Jack 😄
Why does your beard look like john seeds beard in farcry 5,
Jack: oh hitting the tree the tree aint gonna save you now

Jack: hits the same tree and gets stuck

Van: 
You look like Conner from boxing 🥊 I forgot his second name sry
i just decided for once to skip the intro and went too far and this is what i got 0:29
Jack:your gonna hurt someone 
Me: he already hurt someone
#5 at Gaming Trending! Congrats!
jacksepticeye:tree is not going to help you again HA
crash into the tree
Sean, your videos have helped me go through anxiety and suicidial thoughts. 
Your Videos have kept me L A U G H ing  all day and kept me upbeat.
Thanks From Me to You.
All I can say about the loading screen is...Gavril.
If the earth was actually really flat, then how do you explain all these bumps. Huh? Checkmate, flat earthers
🤣😂
Officer jack: STOP RESISTING

me: NEVER
Imgaine A Smiling Cop Walking Up To Ya And Said "Top of The Morning!"
Jack: you can’t just go to the gym and start lifting weights 

Me: oh.....
When jack was aiming to smash into the back of the cars, I was REALLY expecting him to say "BOOSH!"


7:26, 8:42
Play life is strange 2 episode 3 🙂
Ghost cars oh, everybody load in.
Gost cars: I'm about to end this whole man's career
Early!!! Yay! Love your vids Sean, you make me L A U G H EVERYDAY
I like this episode , this is a good episode.





HE knew Utah and it was nice to see the sandstone of home again after 7 years of being away
Jack:Oh no Ghost Car GHOST CAR
Game:Crashes
Jack: "I know I can do better!"

 Also Jack : *Gets stuck between a tree and a building*
Watch this one, CRASHES INTO TREE!!!
It won't be a Jack video if he did not crash a few more things then was intended. 

cough sorry, "exactly as intended..."
I was in Utah and I saw a random jeep in the middle of nowhere.


Jack wasn't lying.
Not sure if I'm just real tired, but "protect and swerve" made me laugh so hard...
Its was at this moment Jack new he f***ed up 
4:56
I'm a subscr-eye-ber
Also I thought he was playing an uncharted 4 knockoff 9:30
Officer Jack....
More like 
7:32
the original jack is back!
Beep beep I'm a jeep
7:38 
Jack: Oh hittin' the tree are ya? Two can play at that game >:D
reads description 
doesn't like video
Jack judges you
. . . 
Do Life is Strange 2 Episode 3 please
What's with the legendary youtubers growing beards? I mean i'm not complaining, but is it a trend now? If so can i pls be part of it? ;^;
Im in Utah that's where I live
no one ever:
Jack: Lets do the pit maneuver, they taught us that in the academy.
me: the fecking hell???
As always skipping forward one minute to when he actually starts playing
Everyone: Jacks so pure and sweet
 
Jack: ALL I KNOW IS VIOLENCE
eurobeat kicks in
me: KANSAI DORIFTO
That last edit had me losing it!!! XD I haven't watched a Jack BeamNG video for ages! loving it
Watch this move  XD smashes building and looks at camera XD
This thing can climb a dinosaur
Jeep flips over
jacksepticeye : So what do u want to do today 
Me : LAUGH
Jack: how can you say the the earth is flat cause of this rocks take that flatearthers 
Also jack in TABS:The earth is flat!!!
Definitely heard 'lube up the Giants.' Jack what have you been up to?
Can you continue, LIFE OF STRANGE 2? Episode 3 already released.
Jack i need to see the new Life Is Strange episode from you 😭😭😭😭😭
Jack say [S-01]then your name and say jacky boy is now 10-08
4:09 the Mexican music really cracked me up. 🤣😂🤣😂
FBI OPEN UP 
ME: DAD WHAT DID U DO >:V
You sound like Frank the cop...
Play life is strange  episode 3 pls. Ihate saying this but like so he can see
OMG I SPILLED MY COFFEE I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR BEAMNG FOR SOOO LONG
Havent seen this guy in 5 years i missed him tho
Me: nice facial hair bro
You: thx, you too bro
Me: what do u mean??? 
You: oh wait never mind I thought is was a moustache 
Me: :\
OmG I thought the elk was real lmao
Me: falls out of jacks fanbase in favour of other fanbases
Jack: starts uploading beam drive again
Me: realizes why I started watching jack in the first place and becomes addicted again
"That tree can't save you now!"

Some say I laughed so hard I am now colorblind.
He has finally gone back to his intro
Im on his tail *drives into tree and continues driving into the tree*
10:21 I SAW THAT MOVIE!!!
Jack: This! This is more of my level! Death and Destruction! Thats what I am better at! Not racing people...not trying to come first but doing as much damage as I can!
Me: what happend to Speed Is Key? Is it now Destruction Is Key?
I haven't been happy with who I am for many years now.
U have the right to remain f*** - Jack


LOL
I remember these episodes

Did jack go in a time machine?
7:42 “Watch this move”

Immediately screws up and fails
Holy sh$t I’ve been gone for 4 years and now you have a beard man time goes by fast you look so different. Still the best YouTuber ever I love you jack. 👁
"This thing would climb a dinosaur" 
The roll right off and onto its side
All I know is violence and pain


- Jacksepticeye 2019
Jack: racing nahhhhh
Jack: death and destruction YES!😂
I thought Jack stopped playing bean engine
Jack please play the 3rd episode of life is strange 2🥺
4:09 love the pancho music that played 😂
"it sounds like a whale giving birth"

odd, that's how people describe me after a morning jog
Jack: "The tree can't save you now!"
Jack: Get's stuck in the tree giving time for the robber to escape.
See that sounds like getting saved by the tree to me.
Heyy maaan please play Life is Strange 2
Episode 3 is already there.
Jack can I have a license to.......





LAUGH
Jack said something about Zoro and Swords. One Piece reference?
Prob gonna be lost in the sea 
But jack 
Cars with the second gauge are boosted, so they might need more revs at the start so start in neutral 

Brake before corners, go to the outside, then in, and back out. Compromise if theres a string of corners right after the othsr
Haven’t watched jack since 2017. Glad things haven’t change
finally a new beamng vid with the jackseptic man :3
Game: You have been chosen as a part of an elite team. You’re a police officer. You will present valor and speed as you chase criminals across the country.

Jack: Yes.

Edit: Thank you for the likes ❤️❤️ I’ll be releasing a new video tomorrow
As someone who has seen both an elk and a moose I can confirm that an elk is indeed NOT a moose
Well I'm a member now like I said. I held up on my word now make More jack we love it.
Criminal getting away
Jack: I am inevitable!
Jack's gotta be like luffy and go into second gear
"If the Earth is really flat what's with all these rocks and bumps?"

Flat Earth community defeated! XD
Jack: That tree's not gonna save you
Also Jack: gets stuck on the tree
I thought that elk was actually part of the loading screen
Sir, U HAVE THE RGHT TO BE... F**KED!




(I was dying after he said that 😂
15:05 Sean you liar! You still have my money! 🤣
WHERE IS LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 😫🗿 Edit : Thx for the likes
Jack you look like your doing crack with that hair cut
Jack: nothing can stop this jeep 

Gets stuck on a rock
I feel like we’re getting some good old fashion  vintage JSE :)
Jack: he's a bad driver no safety for others. I am a calm and cool driver and I am very safe.
Runs himself off the road and hits the barrier on the side of the road
then he says he's taking the family camping
flips the car
Me: Cha cha real smooth X2
When he loses: “I know I won in my heart!”

When he wins:” That can be better!”

You know you’re watching Jacksepticye
stop looking down here and like the video already


well that's what the description said
WATCH THIS MOVE!! *proceeds to get stuck
4:08 in-visioned this like 10 different ways happening in real life XD. I'm still laughing at it.
I inspire to have a channel like yours
Sean: "Death and destruction, that's what I'm better at"
Me: I think you forgot about screaming really loud and rupturing peoples eardrums.
"I am being considerate of the people around me and you're driving like a lunatic!" ~other car goes fast and stay in the same lane the entire time meanwhile jack is swerving around and hits 5 walls~
jackie is sparta XD
Jack y u look like Karnnos from God of war the last 1 thou
good god man i have't watched you in a month and you already look like a lumberjack
Sean when are you gonna play episode 3 life is strange 2 I have played it and finished it bro you need to play it
Please do some more gta 5 i miss the STICKY BOMB
soon to be 90% of the comments : JACK PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2

10% of the comments : JACK PLAY THE NEW EPISODE OF LIFE IS STRANGE 2
Robin really has tricks with his edits.

Good job! Robin
Jack: YOURE DRIVING LIKE A LUNATIC!!!!

Goes 80 mph

(Edit) thank you for the likes
"Gotcha now, the tree won't protect you!"
Proceeds to get stuck on that tree, letting the bad guy go.
Jack is also really good at giving his camera a seizure while trying to focus.
Jack you and your vids are my childhood nostalgia I love you keep doing good been subbed since 2013❤️
missed opportunity to say i'm captain jack
She u gonna play life is strange 2 episode 3
I thought that was you driving Sean!! 
Good ol Utah is a great place to off-road.
"Climb the world!"
"Watch this move!"
Jack gets stuck in a tree
Jack can you please shave it off Plz😄
I come back to watching jack septic eye from almost a whole year of not and he now has a beard and long hair
Great 👍🏿
Jack: "i'm going to ram him so hard he gonna forget his name"
iDubbz: Jumps into jacks room "Jacks gay"
I found him... he's been on the screen for most of the video
Looks at description
What if I already did?
no one:
me: shave that beard!!!
Me: i wanna watch jack
Jack: whatever the shait you want
I’m glad that you brought back the BeamNG Drive series
10:59 Sean: doesn't this look like the jeep from Jurassic park?!
Me: OMG have u watched that movie!! I love it!
I love this series Sean!😆
Sean I love you (as a fan)
Oops! Sorry, Jack.
I snapped my fingers when the game wasn't loading properly. In stead of fixing it, it crashed.
I hear you... "Fecking" 
Call Me Kevin is rubbing off on ya!!
4:07 this was super funny to me for some reason 😂😂
are you going to do more vacation simulation please!
FINALLYYYYY AFTER THE YEARSSS I HAVE BEEEEN WAITINGGGF


now more pls
Omg you made a Utah reference that is pretty much spot on 😂 I love it! Born and raised in Utah this is awesome 😁
Hey Jack, you should play Keep The Peace, it’s a Police management game and is really fun.
Play need for speed please!!
7:40 - 7:57 you’re welcome 🤣🤣😂😂
Jack what happend to you?? you look like father from far cry new dawn
Dye your hair green again
Butter? Will you need the EZ Squeeze to help you with your measurements of butter jack?
oh HELL YEAH NEW VIDEO. but one question did you get the coke sponsorship yet?
not even subscribed but i like the haircut!!
11:48
Jack: she’s a unit!
Feminists: ...
Jack: Hire me to be a stunt driver in your movies
Also Jack: Crashes car into road railing
Jack again: Well not like that
Woohoo, Jack's playing Beamng... More people will play now!!!
@9:47 I wish pubg looked like this
i live in utah yeahhhhhh boiiii
Mothing is going to stop this jep *stops oa a 1 cm high ledge*
9:36 uncharted 4 Vibes??
btw this is a bit random, but I love your videos, for some reason whenever I feel depressed I always watch one of his videos and I never put down my phone without peeing my pants!
I love your video jack because of you I want to be youtuber
He's not gonna be born yet
_Jacksepticeye2019
If the earth is “flat” then how do oceans work? Explain that flat earthers😂
Are you going to play episode 3 of life is strange 2?
Jack you should play crossout
Jack understeers in every corner
Give him an R32 GTR
I thought I never see the day that jack races cars! This is awesome!
Never even doubted you for a second!
Rolls 1 second later
Jack r U ever gonna play life is strange episode 3 because it's out and I rlly want U 2 play it...
Come on. A mountain with drifting, and not a single Deja Vu edit? I'm disappointed.
JACK LOOKS LIKE MY SCIENCE TEACHER!!!
Do i see gray hair jack?
And 2:33 jack being takumi for the first time well...its not a gutter
Those 7 people accidentally drove onto the dislike button. Don't drink and drive!
Jack: Mwhooohh

Also Jack: Sounds like a whale giving birth
This game load screens makes you think about life
I swear I thought a plane was going over my house and he knew somehow 😂
in the thunbail i thinked its gta v
"51 seconds ago" hahaha well, have fun! Also, should tell "jokes" during the loading screens. xD
Jack... play this in first person. I dare you
Jack I think you named everything Betsy
hey jack... i have a recommendation. please react to the "To This Day Project - Shane Koyczan" i really wanna know your opinion on this video. thank you
"watch this manuver"
*stuck

y-yeah jack g-great manuver jack
(get the commander)
I just came from watching your happy wheel videos you and your hair has changed loads
Never doubted you for a second *Car rols down cliff* oh no oh no
Loving the beard man XD
Why you don’t play fortnite ?
3:31 “not trying to come first, but as doing as much damage as I can” jacksepticeye 2019 







Be careful ladies
Sean, you have to try Snakeybus.  I think you would have fun with that.
Sean, I just wanted to say, your Irish accent is getting stronger with every episode. We've been watching you for a while now, and we noticed your accent becoming more pronounced. We love it, because it feels more natural, as you do your videos. Love and PMA!
14:38
Jack "I'm on his tail!"
suspect: gone... just gone
3:02 NANI?! KANSEI DORIFTO?!
Jack please play life is strange there is a new episode
“See that guy is going fast he is going to hurt somebody!”

1 Minute later

“Look at that drift!” “You should hire me for stunt movies!”
" trees not gonna save you " * tree saves you * haha
the desert scene looks exactly like the scene in Uncharted 4
Its very realistic 

I love it
It's my birthday! 🎉🎊




I know people lie about their b. Day but today it's rlly mine. I know i don't have proof. Sorry for wasting your time.
5:40 😆 FBI OPEN UP
I rember when u had 100k subs
I really thought the elk was actually part of the loading screen lmao
Where's the Utah gang at🔥🔥
You gunna play life is strange 2 episode 3? Came out on the 9th
Top gear in the next level
Serj Tankian is that you?
Pit maneuver. Runs him into a forest
Episode 3 of life is strange is out please play it
I love when he's chasing the guy and yelling "Sir? SIR!!!" XD Cracks me up any video in which it happens.
Jack what happened to your hair
Please play Hunter classic dinner is 100% free
You should read cornhub comments. 😂
Who else clicked at sonic speed!?!?! hehehe 😂😂



ps if you like funny videos consider checking mine out 😊🔥
The next episode of life is strange 2 is out
This video was posted in my birthday which was yesterday
Man jack is getting old I was here when he had 700k man I feel old
I'm from Utah and I can confirm.
when are you going to play lis 2 episode 3?
Watch this move     *Drives backwards into wall*    Exactly as i intended..... Someone call 911
"Rob a bank and punch a child" huh like someone I know
is it just me or is Jack's camera quality not that good
Jack: the tree ain’t goin to save you know 
Tree: bet 7:55
Jack life is strange to episode three is out. Like so Jack can see
Your in a hatchback and he’s in a Subaru sedan 😂😂
Jack will you ever play NFS rivals
People still playing this game? Probably this is the last game which I played in my GTX 1050 ti and then I left gaming forever..
Actually the Urth is flat. It's just that it is so big that it has to have some spots
Jack: EVERYBODY YOU OKAY?!
Me: pffft haha....opposite of yes
4:07 my last brain cell
hey would you look at that a season 2 in 5 years






nice timing jack
14:12
Big Kahuna Burger! That's that Hawaiian burger joint. I hear they got some tasty burgers. I ain't never had one myself, how are they?
Nobody:
GTA V Police: 8:38
Dude life is strange 2 episode 3 is out plz do a game play
Loading simulator 2019
Please do more jack
You should also play more kerbal space program
Im the best police oficer *Drives into tree*
Can you plz play life is strange 2
I’m so glad beamng is back.
Jack, you need to turn 'into' the corners when you race.
Still waiting for the next episode of Satisfactory :p
Is it just me or Jacks accent is a lot stronger in this video?
Hey Jack the 3rd episode of Life is strange 2 is out. You might want to play it.
IM GONNA RAM EM’
1:52: he says as he drives in the middle/ right side of the road
What jack doesn’t know is that his teeny weeny4 banger has something called turbo lag😂
SEAN THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THIS SERIES BACK MY MIND EXPLODED WHEN I SAW THR FIRST NEW ONE
that pit maneuver was magnificent.  u go sean
THERE IS NO MOTHERFUCKIN WAY HE PLAYED IT AGAIN
the best day of my life
If only Jack was wearing the hat.
Doesn't the jeep level remind you of uncharted 4
Hey jack
You should re enter the gungeon 
It has gotten tones of updates
More guns, stronger guns 
And more characters
totally missed the chance to say licensed to kill at the beginning
A jeep with no driver just murdered someone in utah
I hope you keep growing your awesome beard Jack.
Guess what’s back back again beamng drives back again tell a friend

but I have no friends 😢
loading screens - annoying, or very introspective and zen like?
Woah I haven’t watched your videos in such a long time when I saw you I thought you were a wwe wrestler 😂
For some reason on my screen your facecam graphics were crap but my overall graphics were the best they could be
No more satisfactory w/robin :'-/
I love seeing ma boi on trending!! 😁💕
Jack: 0:52

Me: no I am not happy with who I am.
In RDR two you have a character named Sean Maguire Play RDR two
Jack....You are no Connor or Hank thats for sure LOL
It’s night time in Moab, Utah.🌚
Jack wants to be a police officer but it gone wrong
Wish Jack still wore his flat cap, then again It wouldn't look good now
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out Jack!!!!
Yo jack... or do you prefer me to call you Sean or jack cause things are getting weird man... 
anyway keeping the videos man
Now all we need is Skate 3 again.
Beamng Drive was one of the first series that got me watching Jack in the first place so this is kinda nostalgic for me. I love it
Holly shit I haven’t seen jack since my 8th grade year now I’m a senior
You should play Anthem I think you would really like it
life is strange 2 episode 3 is out jack!
the F in Beamng drive stands for fast
I haven't seen jack in a long long long time
Watch this move!!!





runs into tree
Jack with beard is Jack with no beard
Jack: Oh hitting a tree are we? Well that tree isn’t gonna save you now! Watch this move!

Also Jack: *Runs into tree*

Robber: 
Jack with beard is Jack with no beard
Jack there’s something called understeer 
Basically when u turn too hard at a speed the grip of the car cant turn with
That all I know but u car nerds are correct me
Gosh darn it you are friggin hilarious!!! My sides and tummy hurts so much from laughing!! I love how random you are, please never change!!
0:36 when im trying to play overwatch
Life is strange 2 ep 3 is out jack you gotta play it
Tbh I haven’t watched ur vids in like 2 years but sick beard!
JACKK GET THE CRD MONSTER TRUCK MOD
Bessy the sister of betty from skate 3
3:02 


KANSEI DORIFTO!!!!!
Oh Sean You made me get up at 1:32 am
Do you see how much you have poisoned your fans with your screaming
we're gonna catch him, we're gonna catch him crashes into wall
jack is the best offcer world
well we could just look at loading screens for like 90 min i eman jack has something to entertain us for 90 min doesnt he i watch vids with a lebgth of 7 hours ( it was a full letsplay from the last of us) so i got the time
The maps in this video seem like their from GTA 5
Hey Jack! Life is Strange 2 just got updated!!!!!
I miss the 20+ mins long vids....  :(
Thanks for reading this
0:00 






That’s a thicc smack 😏
Jack: and I will see all you dudes IN THE NE... ad pops up
You’re not the worst police officer...


I think you’re great
Why did he have to give him the doop
Hey jack. I miss the old days, with happy wheels, KSP,  and the cap...

You playing beamng made me think of that. And im kind of sad now. Early jack was the best. 
jack has slowly transformed into a hipster, and im not sure how i feel about it
By the way. Officer Jack? Don't you mean Officer Barbrady? RIP
When he said to use butter who else just thought of the EZ butter commercial 😂
Death and destruction that’s what I’m better at.

Jack 2019
I still don’t know what he says in his intro
Jack: I am the worst police officer ever 

Officer Mike: Yes but have you heard of me?
Earth isnt flate or round its a square
Idk why but 7:40 made me laugh so hard
Do some free mode driving pls



Like if you agree
You should do police escapes in free roam mode
Actually in Utah there is a temporary Ban on selling teslas. So, yeah.
13th On Trending For Gaming

Thought this game was dead.
YES I ASKED FOR THIS
Yo I love u jack hmu on Snapchat
More beamng drive
Hey Coke Zero sugar, go sponsor Jack and his bais
Jack play life is strange 2 episode 3
Ends up on #5 on trending gaming 💯
Holly shit what happen do ur head it’s been awhile since I’ve watched ur vids 😂😂
who else heard the windows xp crash noise???
Ayyy where is that life is strange 2 episode 3 ?.
Jack looks like a wise old man😂😂
Ha! Game crashed before you did!
2:45 *ZoRO? AS LIkE a ONe PiecE ChaRACter*?
Hey Jack you should get a realy cool game caled automation it is a game where you can make cars and export them to beam  
Plz try it :D
Remember, your greatest weapon can be your greatest enemy.
- Sensei Wise Boi
The earth is flat
Oh shit! He gave me the ol one two Saddle Bag!
Officer jack a**
Was expecting destruction
Jack please play life is strange 2 episode 3
More beamng please pretty please love you jack
Whoa, been a while since you’ve played this
i reeeeaaaalllyyyy want this game tho, imma get it
1:49 was that an APE ESCAPE SOUND EFFECT ROBIN!?
Jack: returns to an old series with renewed enthusiasm
Me, who's enthusiasm never left: ohmygodohmygodohmygod! YES!!!
Irish spring ad in a jacksepticeye video 😂. (My life has been made!)
WHAT THE BLODDY HELL!?!?!? BEAMNG DRIVE!? AM I DREAMING😆
strange... I thought jack finished uncharted four
4:07   Perfect music
Me: peaceful day, nothing going on
Also me: think I need to write an essay later
Also also me: Let me just see what’s on YouTube
Also also also me: switches to 34th Jacksepticeye video
Jack: 
Jack LowKey looks like a 46 year old uncle Ben
"Watch this move!" ... XD
I love your vids
10:20 Great reference Jack!!
"Watch this move!"
Gets stuck in a tree
"Exactly as I intended,"
a man that could make marvin, the paranoid android LAUGH!
“watch this move”

hits tree
I kinda really wanted jack to just scream "OFFROADING BITCHES"
Who else remembers those days??
So, if this classic comes back ... WHERE THE HELL IS TURBODISMOUNT!?!?!??!?!?!
129 views and 183 likes i think YouTube is drunk again

Jack did you get YouTube drunk
Sean looks like a metal head dad
Please do more beamng drive it is hilarious
holy shit, its so good to have another one of these
* reads desc *
ok jack
Jacjkkkkkkk upload life is strange 2 the new episode came out a few days ago
I'M STUCK!!!!
Sean come to mayo🇨🇮🇨🇮
Jack you need to play blade and sorcery
Finally something good 😊
JACK WE NEED MORE DRUM VIDEOS
lol at 8:59 i took off my headphones coz i thought it was a plane and was checking if it was
Play Life is Strange episode 3!
OMG THX 4 BRINGING THIS SERIES BACK XD LOL :D
OMFG jack shaved his head!! RUn for the hills!!
Im so glad you are back in this game jack 😃
as a Utahan, can confirm that Utah looks exactly like the Jeep level
It's been 2 years and your looks changed a lot
Me:*calls 911*

Jack:What's Your emergency
Left control and move mouse over vehical
4:06 xD
"cup of hot TAE" Haha BTS ARMY HEre
Rofl "watch this move!"
jack and the furious 10
12:24 Music kicks in: Buffalo Soldier, in the heart of America!
Hey Jack Plz answer and I will give you my phone numbet
i actually thought the elk was part of the loading screen.
"Game crashed..." 
" Oh wonderful "
HERE COMES JACK!!!!
Download some mods and fly a plane into a bridge. Of whatever
The help you needed to get the suspect was right here but NO
Meet Kamsk-epticeye. Kamski and Sean have become one.
It's BACK like if your happy about it
Jack are you Russian now???????
8:47 Ramsey is my last name lmao
*Drives into car* What i failed!!???!!!    Was i not supposed to crash?????
when jack thought he heard the plane i looked out my window looking for a plane
"Death and destruction! Thats what im better at! >:D"
9:21 It was a Red Deer but that’s ok
Hey jack since ur bringing back an old series can u do happy wheels again
your the best🤗🤗
Hair looking good jack
I love this so much! So y’all guys should LAUGH!
one piece!
This is the game that brought me to jack or should i say Shawn
Green
 Where's the green. 
WHEERRRES TTHHEE GREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
I remember watching you play this a few years back and I always wanted another episode. Nice!
I may be dumb but i thought it was REALLLYY there 
9:09
7:43 hahahahahahahahahahha!!! Classic Jack
His hair is so short woah!
Oh nvm he’s just got it combed back.
Braking(100%) and turning at the same time = WALL
is that a man bun?
Oh, wow







Hey, Jack. Just wanted to say thanks for inspiring me to start my own YouTube channel. Keep doing what you do best, and if you are looking for a game to play, you should play a game called Beat Saber
jack i have been watching you when you lived in the cabin


like if  you watched him when he was in the cabin comment if not
7:42 fantastic move!
2:57 Initial D Septic Stage 🤣😎
wait, this game? this is really nostalgic...
8:45 Gordon RAMsy...
Hehe,Puns
It took me until this video to realize Jack no longer capitalizes all his thumbnails...
Jack :Watch this (gets stuck)
4 years of watching you and you have changed your hair that's it
Jack over here turning into Baldur from God of War.
Jack: I'll get you little *f*! 
other car goes ahead 
Jack: Why he is going so much faster than me?! 
Jack you just started the game. Your learning! You got this bro! 😂👍
Jack, Life is Strange 2 episode 3 is out now! Please record a video.
0:47 Me, covered in blood: Yup!
HE RETURNS TO THE CARZ!
Wow, I remember the old beamng videos, great stuff.
Jack are you going to play Life is strange 2 chapter 3???
I can confirm the jeep is actually in Utah
10:11 She's a mighty yolk?
JACKS getting grey fast
Plz make more vids like this
jack: hitting the tree are we the tree is not going to save you now 7:42
tree: hold my juicebox
This was hilarious to watch
"I did good! Look, he's dead!"
<@}}}}}}><
Oh I didn’t know you played BeamNG again!
Mary! Is that a police?!
Hey i live in Utah!
Zoro has three swords two on his hands one on his mouth
Listening to that shifter is painful.
Saw the title and immediately liked. I miss seeing Jack play this tbh.
That's right the earth is not flat its a rubrics cube lol
This guy's force is dark. I guess you could say he's on the dark side
YAYYYY I LOVE THIS SERIES
“You gotta rub butter on it” - Jackaboy 2019 (let’s make America meme again)
Play life is strange 2 episode 3
Ad friendly jack is... strange.
If my cc gets approved. i'll be happy
Tape off chair!! Lol
This Reminds me so much of the GTA5 Vids with Carmagedon
You should really play it again Jack xD Awesome Vid :D
Play the next episode of life is Strange 2 please✨
Jack be lookin' like he retired
All secrit here now 

@t
All secrit here now 

@t
Jack: Does legit anything
comments: LAUGH
All secrit here now 

@t
I just need you to play life is strange 2 episode 3
now we all know that jack watches "One Piece"
Turning on the differentials when you off-road would of actually helped you I flip your car when it was on it’s side and it would of worked better lol.
Hey Jack, there are secret bosses in Cuphead now!
*robber's car hit a tree
Jack : "The tree's not gonna save you"
*going backwards and got stuck by the tree
*the tree literally saved the robber
Jack : "As I intended"
Tom Holland: "YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT!"
Hey he has back the high five sound effect.😁
Can u play life is strange 2 episode 3
First try: 1 Rank
Jack: Yeah, I can do that better
Second try: Fail
XD
Like seeing a youtuber who hasnt changed in 1-5 years of content hes published
jack do my hero one's justice
Finally, you played beamng again
TO PROTECT, TO SWERVE, FOREVER
jack when are you going to play life is strange season 2 epi 3? take your time i know you have been really busy :)
Jack was the force and the tree was the wall
jack play kurr snaga its your type its about killing enemys
after all these 2 years you look different
TABS SUBNAUTICA WHERE YOU AT?
Love you Sean{NO HOMO} 😚😚
Are there any chance you will visit India soon???
I am from Utah and I can confirm Jeeps do indeed drive autonomously. They're everywhere here, they roam is herds and quite often like a sad turtle will roll onto its back after an over zealous attempt at climbing a rock.
Remember when lazarbeam played this. He’s a fortnite YouTuber now. I want to die.
Bring back the green hair pleases it looks great on you
Jack is Getting Old :(
I remember when you made the first episodes !! (subscribed since 45k subs)
Yes thank you papi
And also flat partners how did a famous explorer to from Europe to Europe by going in one dirction
My lord, watching the jeep section took me back a few years to riding in my dad's YJ on jeep trails in southern Nevada. Hes also a police officer and that was in how he relaxes after a long week at work still to this day
yes these were my favorite vids
🤣😂 left my phone on the counter went in the other room for a sec walk back in to hear something about James Franco missing an arm, and I’m so confused lol
7:34 finally a swear 😍
Gonna bust dem ghost cars
Hey jack remember you said "this is what call of duty is gonna be like in a few years" on the video "get shrekt nub game of the year 240 Blazelt" 



Welp I guess it didnt become a mlg game ;c
5th early morning viewer
Haha I get it, "your going to the SLAMmer"... Clever
Does BeamNG have manual cars? Is that why he's slow in the beginning?
The new Forza is looking nice
idk what it is but it feels like your accent has come back stronger than ever recently! I love listening to it. And ohhh I'm so glad you're back with beamng what a wild game its so much fun!
ha jacksepticeye can you play Mortal Kombat 11 and play the Story mode.
what you look like after binch watching vikings
press insert to reset the vehicle where you are, it respawns you and sets you r spawn point where you reset
Enjoy this random police show intro I came up with after watching this video. :P


(dramatic music gradually fades in)
 Criminals...


 Wreaking havoc in once-peaceful cities. But one man....


 ... Will stop at nothing to take them down.


 He is.... Septic-Cop.

  This program is not sponsored by Coke Zero, same great Coke taste but with zero sugar and now with a hint of added vanilla.
Jack plays vehicle based video game.
Alexa play Initial D playlist.
Who would win?


Brad=comment
Robin=like
This really sounded gay
Hey jack play more next time use a steering wheel its better to drive with
Tell all of your mothers Tyran said, Happy mother's day❤💪🏽
Dude I missed this game so much
JACK I DONT KNOW IF YOU KNEW THIS BUT THEY HAVE AN EPIC RAP BATTLE WITH SLAP CHOP VINCE IN IT
Watch this move (gets stuck)oh no
can you pls play life is strange 2 ep 3 when you get home
hope you have a fun time in japan
Jackie me miss u green hair ;-;
Jack dosnt know about nitrous
Anyone else really happy that Jack started playing this again




I really hope he makes a series again
Play sumotori dreams
Play more race games like Forza horizon  or burnout paradise or something like that
Yeet


 keep up the great work jack
Jacksepticeye: Watch this move 
Car: gets stuck
8/10 not enough elk.
this reminds me of carpals impossible stunts videos
But I still love ya jack
Jack is slowly becoming and turning into obi wan knobi
that he has on his head?
the shadow on the elk was a nice touch
Jack is 29...But has gray hairs:)
WHERES THE GREEEEEN
Holy I’m so early damn
Your hair is like a bald 👨‍🦲 dad
A plane flew over me while I saw the part with the plane flying over...
7:46 great move Sean
7:45 thats a perfect move xD
And that's how I lost my med...ehm driving licence
This happened because I have a windows PC and i have the game and it lags hard (you need apple)
I'm glad I wasn't taking a sip of anything while watching this. Really didn't want to have to clean my laptop. Or choke and die. Ha ha, wonderful, side splitting video, Jack!
Life is strange 2 episode 3 ????
At 0:51 my dumb bass took that as if he were proud of where I am today. Made me happy for a bit until i realized my stupidity
accidentally clicked the notification on max volume
I remember jack (Sean) when he had about 10m subs and I never saw his recent videos. Looking at him now surprised me :P
Yaaaaaaaaaay more you make me laugh
where's our million dollar jack
the p.i.t maneuver you hit the area just behind the rear wheels if i remember right you are hitting the middle of the cars
Jack what happened to your green hair who are you person!!!!!!!!!!
My god you brought it back thanks Jack 👍🏻🙏🏻
Jack looks like a Padawan. Am I wright?
Play gta 5 please jack
Who misses when Jack used to play sims 4 and gta
I'm from utah and it wouldn't surprise me if there is a jeep somewhere that is driving its self
JACK!! LIFE IS Strange 2 NEXT EPISODE IS OUT
Play satisfactory
jack should play need for speed
Mum: why is your computer broken?
Me: I punched the like button
ITS BACK!!!!!
My last name is Ramsey lmao
"Worlds worst cop" nah more like "jacksepticeye becoming a GTA cop for 16mins"
Wack the serial killer
One day ONE DAY seentheirishpotato will get that coke sponsor ship ONE DAY
WE'RE BACK!
Jack you should shave but you dont need to if you want lol
I diagnose Jack with gay
just thinking about life hmmmm :) then you break it XD
Jack...I have seen both elk and moose, and I can promise you they are not the same. 🤣
Sean lis episode 3
Lol he completed the cop mission first try then did it again for a better time (Evan though he got first) and just kept going because he couldn’t do it 
Now who else her he forgot that the mission was already beaten
I haven't watched one of your videos in a while. What grew on your face?
I just really want him to play gta again 😂
PLEASE MAKE THIS A SERIES
PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE EPS 3 PLS
OPTIMIZE!
Can you play life is strange 2 episode 3?
It is out for a few days now
Vacation simulator???
Play ksp again plz i remember it so much from ur channel
Well this has been a long time waiting
Please check out a game called "What Remains of Edith Finch" it's a fantastic interactive story game and free for a limited time on PS+ 👌🏼👌🏼
Where is Life is Strange 2 video? episode 3 is out. Come on Jack!
An elk is not a moose @jacksepticeye
Finaly back!!!
Like assroids make them
Omg my dream came true I use to ask for this so much
I love BeamNG! Thank you for returning to it!
U should use the steering wheel
Jack I haven't watched your videos in a while, but I just wanna say... when I was all alone as a kid with no one there for me, I always had you :) I'm so happy to see you chuggin along as always. High five!!!
10:06 
Uncharted 4 feels anyone?
Jack I did that when I was in Utah Moab with a ravor
Am I the only one watching after a week of upload
Jack your Irish is strong today
Hey Jack play each the serial killer
The tires in bmng are so unrealistic
Yo jack you should do a lets play of the Kingdom Hearts series. 💪
Brings back so much memories
Please can you re visit skate 3
Jack playing a racing game? Let me get my POPCORN!!
Checkmate flat-earthers. Jack even said it
Can you please play forza horizon 4?

Like so jack can see!!!
yay finally more beamNG i like to see this more
What did you do to your beautiful hair
I assuming Jack doesn't have a wheel, might make it more enjoyable that way :D
Play tabs again i miss it
second comment!
Every online racer was shaking their heads when jack couldn't race properly
do moreeeeeeeee of beamng!!!!
2:33 A GUTTER RUN?!?!? NANI!!
Yay!! after all this time you brought it back totally worth the wait
Worst police officers are more fun though 👍🏼
.. anyways, I also make videos, which mostly useless ✌️
All imma say is that he drives soo gracefully I can't even describe it
jack and YBR collab vid?
Are u on Xbox jack
The tree did save him
Shout out from Utah!!! Wooooo!!!!!!

We use fourwheelers, drink 0.2% alcohol, don't gamble and marry 28 wives, YEAH!!!! 

LOL
Play freeroam like you used to
We want more Not Tonight 😢😢
LONG DARK PLEASE
Jack looks like a bearded Kabal from MK11
WOW JACK THIS IS SO FUN YOU WOULD BE A REAL GOOD OFFICER AND PIZZA DELIVERY YOU WOULD DEFINITELY GOOD 😀🙂🤗🏆👍
Can you play human fall flat please
i missed that outro. had to replace my mouse though. i punched that like button in the face like a boss!!!!
wubba lubba dub dub
Do more!
Make this if blue if u love jack
👇 (nothing is here)
Sajt is cheese in hungarian
Jack can you play more huniecam not because of the adultry i just want to see play it again
Classic jack
BETTIE THE BEAST! BETTIE THE BEAST!
Jackaboy 4-9 means larceny and 10-4 means acknowledged(ok) but I mean close enough bro considering it was a bank robbery! BEST COP ON THE FORCE!!😂
15:06 I'll have the million dollars, please. BIG SMILE
ITS BACK
The RETURN of SPIDER COP
an elk is a moose
I think you’re the worst everything in this game at this point Jack
I hope your going to play Episode 3 of life is strange 2 soon. ITS Intence .Excited to see you play.
Jack check out Draegast... his BeamNG vids could teach you a lot.... 🤣🤣 pretty sure he is licensed.
HOLY FECK JACK YOU HAVE A BEARD!!!
James Charles has just French kiss you on the neck



Like to undo
Enjoy just the fun crash mode a lot more.
“The tree won’t save u know” gets stuck on the same tree welp I guess it will
Those jeeps they roll!!
Vacation sim???
Jack pls!! play Life is strange 2 episode 3
and if so, by jasus keep it up!!!! We all love it like a pint of the black stufsh!!!!! (p.s- yes i may not be irish but i shore luve them <3)
still my most liked crazy youtube gamer!
9:47: I thought that too but it was when I was playing The Crew.
When will you be getting a trim?
PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE😡!!! please 🙃
Where is vacation simulator?
9:30 Uncharted 4 flashbacks.
Can you plz make more satisffacty
3:17 IS THAT AN ERAGON REFERENCE?
Please do Life is Strange! I love it when you play it!
Jack is a Real Proud Dad
3,895 comment
Jack, turn on ABS on your brakes.
Hey jack can you play tiny town and name city septic eye
I’m glad I grew up with Jack and not Daddy Sharks...
11:22 I think sean turned into call me kevin
Nice haircut bro
Plz play mxgp pro
Them edits tho
Jack : " keep your eye out for a gobshite "

Me: " the guy in the facecam "
Love you video Jack🖕👍
I missed this series
U need more cop chases they are funny
Please play Life is strange Season 2: Episode 3! It's been out for over a week and it's killing me that you've not yet done it x'D
Hey please upload Life is strange 2 episode 3 love you thanks
Do some freeroam again
Did- did he just make a BTS refernce at 5:53?
He got that VTEC
Jacksepticeye can you Play Fortnite
Happy mother's day oh yeah new video!! Your the best jack
TF HAPPEND TO U
I missed so many videos and i like ur haircut
Life is strange 2 Episode 3 pls..
I'll always appreciate how humble Jack is and how dedicated and appreciative he is of his fans and I'll always respect that.  ^-^
This has nothing to do with the vid BUT

PEPSI IS BETTER!!!😈
Hey I’m from Utah😂😂😂
Just watched your video after not watching it for ages
Life is strange, episode 3 is out now. Play it please
You heav to drift
I wonder if Jack understands the concept of inertia when driving.
your voice is so much more irish than like 5 months ago
7:40 nice move Jack
🐏🐏🐏🐏🐏🐏🐏
It’s been years since I’ve watched a video of jack holy shit you gained a lot of subs and you somehow look more Irish
Anyone else get a skin care lotion cermercial that you had to watch
Who likes game on here?
Thanks Jack.. now I want to watch Clue.
When i stear at the loding screen i wonder when is jack gonna upload a attck on titan 2 vid
I mean i would feel safe driving with Jack...
MartyMFWilliams ate cobblestone
Those dislikes are criminals and flat earthers
hhow long has it been
Ohhhhhh

I like this game
Jack looks like Justin Timberlake from the 2000's
Sometimes i watched your beamng drive videos from 2013 it's 6 years old
Just the fact I'm seeing Jack playing BeamNG again puts a smile on my face.
2:00 yeah HE'S going to hurt someone
He just gotta gopher it. lol
7:42 : when you try to do a J-turn in a rear wheel drive car....
Remember, if you turn hard enough left, you might find yourself going right.
youve done more mental damage to me than any car in this game
Well... He's Irish, of course he's drunk while driving !
Can u play TurboDismount
Jack you should get a wheel and play beamng or forza or some racing sim with it.  that would be really cool to see
Sorry to say this, but the loading screens are worth it!  XD  Especially so Jack can talk about how happy his life is, and the wonderful 'Looking at Loading Screen' Series.  Keep BEAMNG DRIVE coming please ^^  Make up some stories about people your driving.
0:12. OML! He cussed! Finally, beginning to come back to the ol’ Jack
can you start playing GTA again
The tree saved him
Do more extreme stuf
You should play changed if you want but if you do look up furry if you don't know what it is so you know what it is
5:06 Jack: I can see him in the distance!                                                                               Suspect's location: aproximetly 25 meters away from you
Do not look down





Why did you look down ?😕
Elon make great jeeps
Hi can u plz play fortnite it has a new season and new guns as well
7:42 that was some move
The tree did save him
This is why jack don’t have a drivers license😂😂
Can u play satisfactory
Play life is strange 2
Where's anticepticye
Woah woah woah Jack what happened to your hair?
Omg finally another beamng video after 5 years thanks jack
Nice beard
sneaky little hobbits's
Life is strange episode 3 is out jack
Beamng forever
ya... You totally have the Canyon lands rangers after you. I can hear you from Salt Lake.
One punch!!!!!!!
Can you play more vr games like the rick and morty vr
1:48 GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i need to be a master police i need to escort him again haha
WEEABOO
Jack play a game with call me Kevin it’s a suggestion
Hey, anyone told Jack about this game Life is Strange 2 yet? ;)
ITS BACK YAY
Best game
ITS BACK
Jack is Shingo
I miss his green hair
It's jammed me: eating my jam dount
why do i feel if jack had a licence and he would just Tokyo drift around corners
life is strange ep 3 is out
#5 on trending :D
Wow you’ve changed so much.
Syupid beard
I’m so glad jacks doing this game again it was one of the best series he did
is it just me or is jack getting more irish by ye day......sorry i meant more GAELIC WARRIOR LIKE BY YE DAY HA HA HAAAAAA
thank you jack, my phone fell in the toilet today and im pretty upset and terrified cause my mom will probably be upset too and i also feel really guilty about it cause im stupid and shit, but this vid made me feel a bit better so thank you
Anybody here from 2021
What happened to Jack's green hair?
Yess hes back sorry i took a little pause for a few months
Hi Josef seed
Yet no license in real life...
Jack where's clone drone in the danger zone there's a lot of new stuff
I'm not going to lie, I took a big break from your channel because i started watching other things, man it feels good to be back, missed this channel.
Glitch0:54
The 1st Jacksepticeye video I've ever watched was a beam NG drive video from years ago. Ever since then I've just been wishing upon a shooting star that he would make more beam NG drive videos
I was eating then it started buffering and I didn’t see and I went What a jack never stops why did he stop
I came back after quite some time and you have 22mil? Läßt time i watch you you had 3mil CONGRATS MANN! I am happy that I cane say your content is still awsome.
Play battle front 2 please! !!!!!!!!
Watch Why Be Are instead
this game really brings me back...
Jacks been playing this game for 4 years
Lol when Jack got stuck in the tree
when i tell you i laughed a 4:09 i’m not joking! i ugly laughed at that 😂😂
5:00 ya think?
You told me to stop looking so I hit the like button
In 3:01 did you find any initial D reference? Because fro the start of the race till this part that's a complete reference to the AE 86 and the R32 in mount Akina
pleas do antoher let's play series
I think the funniest part is watching Jack lean at every turn, cause we all do that whether we notice it or not
"Is it safe? Can I touch it?"


-Jacksepticeye 2019
latest jack playing is new
The tree is not gonna save you
NOOOO WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR HAIR IT’s not Green
Jack should download and try the Herbie the bug car.
Is septiplier still alive or did it die?
Ps darkiplier is back
Can u still use your old mods?
What happened  to Satisfactory?????
He said he was driving safe but he was driving in the middle of the road
MAKE MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                  pls
you are old lol cool beard
Wait what happened to your hair?!
The first one looks like it’s near paleto bay gta 5
I would love more of Beamng
Idk if it’s manual or automatic
Top of the gnome to yhaa laddies
Life is strange episode three!!
Can You Play Goat Simulator Again? Theres A lot Of Mods Out Now And Its Gonna Be Really Cool Seeing You Play It Again After 5 Years!
Can u do gta role play who whats to see that anyone
last time i watched you had green hair where has it gooooooooone
Hey, you got your license?
PLZ NO MORE.
Nice hear jack love it
My birthday is the 13th
WEE WOO WEE WOO- Office Jack, Comin' Through! He'll pit you in and stop you quick, chasing baddies really hardens his.....
11:21 CallMeKevin?
Jack the God of Destuction
You posted this on my birthday and I have been asking you for 3 months to play this......
Jack I have not seen your face in five years and I have to say wooooooooooooooooooow
Watch this move!!!
You don't need a license to be a BADASS!!!!!
Ep 3 of life is strange 2
It's like the cars in this game are made out of paper-mache.
Almost forgot about that Franco movie with the arm.
i miss the old boss hat
They still say till this day jack and the jeep is still stuck in the rocky desert. For just 2.00$ a day you can help us find the jack and jeep. Please. For you and his sake. Donate.
How many times are you gonna change your hair sean
More of this
nice beard
9:32 welcome to uncharted 4 episode 496
What's on the agenda?? Plz shave ur beard
u look sweidish in this vid lol
This game brings back good memories
Anybody Im Stuck   lol lol lol lol lol
This was the only reason I subbed to Jack in the first place. When I watched his Beamng Drive vids
127 hours spoiler
'The tree won't save you now' 1 second later jack gets stopped by the same tree XD
What about the mods?
“Watch this move...............”
I haven’t seen this in a long time
Jack you have to USE the force
9:50 that looks a lot like Uncharted 4
Nostalgia
Do you use condoms?
Speed is key speed is key
Use beamng mods please and it will be a lot more exciting to watch.. not that you aren't exciting to watch already
I don’t really like your beard or hair cut
I watched your happy wheels last Time I saw u
Jack, please shave. You look like a Hob- Oh... Goddammit, Sean!
Play more fortnite plz
Have you played the new life is strange episode yet?
Did nobody see it said toss boy on the license plate of the first cop car??
Yay another!
rear wheel drive = police car
Play a game with Ryan Reynolds. That’s my number one actor.
Actually you costed everyone a million dollars with the money in taxes they’ll have to pay to fix all those police cars and buildings
I don't think you go to a normal gym.
9:30 Uncharted 4 memories except everyone's missing.
Yessss he's back to this
Who here is from Utah
what happened to satisfactory?
Ive been at camp for six months i get back jack has a beard and a mans hair cut. Did jack actually grow up?
Yaaaassss its back
Red dead redemtion 2
play life is strange 2 the third episode is out
HEY LOOK! A famous YouTuber went to Japan and DIDN'T cause a huge controversy!
The replay shop!
When Ryan waves at Sean ^
9:53 costs a 👍
Can we take a moment to admire Robin's amazing editing skills? Like



WHOA
Ryan Reynold waving to Jackyboy...
Jackyboy only looks back...
"He actually remembered me.. Thats.. Wierd"

Jackyboy doesn't wave back....


AWKWARD!!!
You don’t need to advertise this movie.....
Ryan Reynolds is already in it
Jack at Japan: respectful, fun loving, and a really nice guy

Jack at home: beats the shit out of white boards

edit: thanks for 1k
Love the way Evelyn is looking at you dude. She's adorable af!
Have a great time in Japan. High fives all around
18:32 Woah that was cool! How did robin do that?
Japan Jack: Hey whats up Ryan Reynolds!
Home Jack: L A U G H
Sean's so getting old and gray! And is looking so handsome like a silver fox.
Jacksepticeye: coke pls sponsor me

Warner bros: hold my beer
Jack goes to japan
Jack: is that my boi Ryan
Ryan: is that my boi Jack
Proceeds to do secret handshake 
Jack: *excitement intensifies
I have waved a Ryan Reynolds.  He has waved at Jack.  I have vicariously waved at jack.  Mission Success.
okay soo... ryan reynolds is in detective Pikachu AS Pikachu, so my question is DID ryan Reynolds ask warner brothers to bring jack into it because jack is amazing or did they just see that jack and ryan had such good charisma?
Robin,you're the best thing that happened to this channel since EVER!!!
Don't worry Sean, I still love you?..
BTW: you have an amazing girlfriend who speaks JAPANESE, good for you.
Hahah I’m dying at me at 11:50 not even realizing that you were having a dance party next to me
One day, Jack will become a famous celebrities like Ryan Reynolds
Jack: " hi what u doin down there?" 
Me: " jack, listen i know this is a hard concept, but IM SHORT AS ALL HELL"
Warner Brothers:Sponsors Jack
Coca Cola:Who the hell is Jacksepticeye
Me:*shows them Jack*
Coke:WHY THE HELL IS HE OBSESSED WITH US!
is it just me or Evelyn really looks like female jack?
Jacksepticeye: Playing Deadpool with Ryan Reynolds(2017?)

Jacksepticeye: Ryan Reynolds waved at me!(2019)
It’s the morning after the day before





Jacksepticeye 2019
When Jack asked if his girlfriend was having fun... OMG that was so precious <3


also good lord Robin your editing skills are amazing!
9:00 - You can actually see Jack's giddiness increasing as they interact. Oh the precious cinnamon roll!
best friend ryan reynolds who is detective pikachu waved at jacksepticeye how was drinking coca cola zero with a hint of added vanila
Jack: Sees Ryan Reynolds 
Ryan Reynolds: Remembers Jack and waves 
Jack: Surprised Pikachu face
I love how he looks to Evelyn for reassurance like "am I doing this right?"
Gotta say, the editing in this is superb! Well done Robin 😁
I have never been simultaneously jealous and happy for someone than i am for Jack right now :)
I really like this vlog :)
He protecc
He attacc
But most importantly
He wave at Jack.
I love how he's just filming a pond and ignoring the wedding going on behind him 😂
I hadn't seen his videos in a while and I got confused when I saw a different girl with him, had to catch up lol.
Jack you were i
Next to a famous YouTuber named Unlished Leaf
Jack is the single YouTuber that you can’t touch anymore. He’s too cool.
Leave it to Jacks Girlfriend to turn him from a Gaelic Gladiator to a full legendary Samurai!!!!
I was watching anime before I watched this LMAO
I feel like I saw Michal Scott in the koi pond.
=GASP= I see a wild Simon and Martina! Thanks for sharing all of this with us!
what's the camera? and what is that stabilizing feature called?
Jack: Sees Ryan Reynolds 
Ryan: Remembers Jack
Jack: That's a twist
I thought his girlfriends name was like gabbie because her Instagram name is girlgamergab
Ryan Reynolds: I hope we get to do a video again.

Jack: ...Y-Yeah!

 Goddammit Ryan is so sweet for remembering you. Not a lot of actors do that.
He changed the title....



Thought you could get away with it Jack, didn't you?
Me: ahaaahaha... Did he just say detective Pikachu?... He's probably in the movie!... I'm not even paying attention-
Also me: bugs my mom constantly to see the movie
Jack : I want to get sponsored by coke


also jack : sponsored by Warner Brothers
What camera does he use ? It looks really smooth
i gotta say... GG seems more comfortable with the whole vlog thing hahaha
This is an amazingly edited video, Robin did excellently!
Jack in Japan: nobody knows him but Ryan Reynolds


Jack in the US: OMG CAN I HAVE YOUR AUTOGRAPH
Jack was invited by Warner Brothers to go to japan
For the first time and vlog



And he STILL doesn't have a Coca Cola Zero sugar same great coke taste but zero sugar
now with a hint of added vanilla sponsorship
Takeshita, more like Take A Shit. Hehe, see what I did there








I'm so lonely :(
I'm surprised that Robins editing can still amaze me...Great video, very funny and Japan looks so beautiful, definitely a place a want to visit, absolutely love the culture.
I love y'alls relationship 

Jack: HAPPY WHEELS

Evelyn:loves him anyway♥️
Jack and Gab sitting on a tree K I S S I N G
Jack, whatever you do, don't go to a forest. ESPECIALLY in Japan.
Another YouTuber going to Japan😬😬😬😬 cough cough Logan Paul
6:41 vloger with pickachu-rucksacks?
Seanaboy! Hope y'all are having fun in the J-Land!
Hey! It’s the home of Naruto Uzamaki. My favorite anime!
It's safe to say we all want more of Ryan Reynolds on the channel, ty.
21:34 Simon & Martina spotting! Too bad they didn't get to meet each other.
Who else saw ando (unlisted leaf) in the background 5:00




I mean almost the whole entire video
Is Gab taller than Jack?
Jack: coke won't sponsor me!!!

Warner brothers: hold my movies
A YouTube in the back ground aka unlisted leaf 7:31
Jaksepticeye - go's  to Japan.

Me -  jelly emoji
That's amazing Jack I envy you going to Japan and RYAN?!! I'm super glad you had fun and I can't wait to watch the movie!
The editing is amazing, the views of Japan are awesome, and Jack and Evelyn are adorable! 
Best vlog 10/10
Robin is such a good editor
Jack is such a spicy boi
Ryan Reynolds...



is notice our boi
"lets just walk backwards"
oh no
oh...no
ohhHHMI-
..
MISS
VANJIE
i didnt expect gg gab to appear  here  with jackspedicy.


after commenting this i did a little research.
they are dating i see.. so thats why
so when was this filmed? top of the morning? bottom of the morning? when?
Roses are red
Violets are blue
Im here for the thumbnail
You are too
Look at his video with Ryan one year ago and Sean says “See you in a year” omfg he was only a day off?!

Edit: Thanks for so many likes I’ve never gotten this many👌👌🥳
Excellent editing on this vid. Appreciations, Robin.
This was an amazing video
I went to Japan twice but I enjoyed this vlog more 🤩😍
WHAT!

JACK FOUND DEADPOOL!?
 
Me: Okay this is epic
2017 Ryan Reynolds and Jacksepticeye playing deadpool together

2019 Ryan Reynolds waved at me!

2020 Watching anime with Ryan reynolds
Incredible. So jealous I wanna go so baaaaaad lol. Looks like you had an amazing time.  Great vid!
I love how we got to meet Evelyn more! Thank you got letting us get to know her Seán! Let us get to know her more!
SO MANY HELLING ANIME BILLBOARD PICTURES
AND FIGURING'S
Can we all agree that Robin is one of the best editors out there 😩😩
All these youtubers going to Japan 





And I cant even pay for McDonald's
youtubers were at japan at like the same time its crazy 
Akidearest
Jacksepticeye
Jassie Paege
This was AMAZING lol the whole video i was just smiling omg id love to go!!
This video just brings happiness to all :)
now that's a lot of anime
Jack: (is a cool funny guy and doesn't show off money or fame)

No reason to be jealous 

Jack: Ryan Reynolds waved at me
Jacksepticeye can you please dye your hair green again
UNLISTED LEAF was behind you he opens Pokémon cards
The room they stayed at looks like the room in the hotel scene of Hi Score Girl when the main protagonists stay together
12:35
co·he·sive

/kōˈhēsiv,kōˈhēziv/

adjective

characterized by or causing cohesion.

"each parish was formerly a cohesive unit"


Evelyn 
ryan reynolds is at 9:50


payment like
He went to Shibuya 👀

Ramuda Amemura and the rest of fling posse are quaking

Edit:
Also shinjuku 👀👀

Jakurai and the rest of matenrou are also quaking xD
nani? glorious sponsored video?!? also pls draw SANIC.
Hey Jack what water did you drink? Long Life, Love or Wisdom?
What was that ending 😂👌🏻❤️
Anyone pick up on the fact ryan said he wants to do another video with jacksepticeye :0
The legend himself Ryan Reynolds wants to do another video with jacksepticeye
Ryan Reynolds: breathes

Sean: RYAN REYNOLDS WANTS TO BE MY HUSBAND!!
Hello how are you i love pokiemon and you so all together makes the best video ever
What an amazing opportunity! I'm so happy for you! I can't wait to go to Japan someday  :3
Me: watches Jack list the names of mha 
Also me: sits through school EVERY DAY listening to my friend go on about it
Detective Pikachu should arrest Sonic for public indecency
gets the privilege of walking upon the mighty pika carpet
wears runners with pride
He protecc
He attacc
But most importantly he evil as Fack
My anime heart is screaming I NEED EVERYTHING!!!!
His excitement is so contagious! That smile! This is so fun! Also Robin's amazing editing skills are so enjoyable! And I love Ryan for recognizing or boi!!!
I've also spotted Simon and Martina from Eat Your Kimchi! :D
From A little Irish man with a cap in a shed in the middle of nowhere





To a famous well known loud Irish YouTuber that superstars know.

Awesome I will be with this channel to the end
If jack gets ryan to do a video agian they should play Pokemon: Lets go Pikachu. Also the editing in this was amazing!
It's wild because I was just there in January/February and I recognize so many things!


JACK NOOOOO DON'T WASH YOUR HANDS OVER THE HAND WASHING STATION. YOU'RE TAINTING IT. You're supposed to scoop water, back up a step, and pour it into your hands for a rinse over the drain, not directly into the fountain.
I feel like jack changed into a judo sensei with that new haircut





Not trying to be mean either
R.I.P. Other camera 20XX - 2019 We will miss you other camera🙁🙁
Jack might not usually be a vlogger but this has to be the best vlog I've ever seen.
Japan looks absolutely amazing, I'd love to see it some day. Thank you both for sharing your experience with us 🥰
Who else ended up crying at the anime merch part? I know I did
enters shibuya 
Me: wake up get up get out there races through my mind
This was such a wholesome video!!!
I'm so glad detective pikachu keeps allowing people to make fond memories :)
I had fun going to the movies with friends for it
jack can't sponsored by coke but somehow he can get sponsored by Warner Bros.
Where’s the Godzilla hotel
Edit 1: GODZILLA KOTM?!?!!
Edit 2: oh there’s the hotel
i was getting spider man flashbacks at the end
your hair looks so silky smooth jack! super jealous
DO MORE FECKIN TABS PLEZZZZZZZ not trying to be mean
nobody:
jack’s eyes: aggressive blue
11:50
Jack: Starts to get drunk
Woman: Oh god
Can we just take a second to commend the editing? Nice job Robin!
I saw unlisted leaf in the background
Who would’ve imagined a mad irish-man screaming in a little wooden cabin at video games would come this far. Been there since the beginning and you’re a bigger boss then ever.
Jack you're only a cool vlogger cause of robins excellent editing 😂😂😅😅
Jack: “What are you doing down there?”


Me: “I-I dunno actually...”
10/10 Mic Quality
That was really really cool! Thank you for doing that jack :)
Who else just got the notification
is jacksepticeye going to vlog more in japan
Jack with the pikachu backpack is so cute
Anyone else jumped up to 13:55? that edit doe😂😂 amazing video and the fact that Ryan Reynolds remembered jack makes jack the coolest YouTuber ever😂
4:00 happens
Me: IS THAT TAIYAKI?!!!! I WANT TO TRY ONE SO BAD!
Can we just say the Robin's editing skills are top-notch as always!!
can i just..... live in Japan like forever because wow it's beautiful
I find it amazing to see my hero fanboy over his hero who is also my hero. GOD I LOVE YOU SEAN :)
Anyone else notice Jean d'Arc firgure from FGO?? Viva la France 🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷
Jack: Goes to Japan

Cory: Is a Samurai but didn’t go to Japan
Nobody:
Not a single soul:
Jack: i saw Ryan Reynolds...again
Video quality in Japan is on point ahem
seeing anime figurines heavy breathing
20:23 CONNOR? THA ANDROID SENT BY CYBER LIFE?
Evelyn’s hand is so stable while filming! The footage is buttery smooth!
8:44 pyong lee  :o
I love that Evelyn is kinda the girl version of you - stretchers, long dark hair, forearm tattoos, funny, great smile. You look super happy together 🖤🖤
they changed the ending song :c 
and no spoilers at the end for next episode rip uwu
Fucking love you bro..... Props to Robin and I can definitely see you doing a video with Ryan in the future don't worry
You should vlog more! You're legit REALLY good at it lol, no shaky cam
Jack : You guys get to come with me!
Me : I get to go to Jap-, Oh.
Robin outdid himself on the editing on this geeeeeeeez bravo dude!!


Also I can't help squealing when Jack squeals about Ryan Reynolds recognising him, can't really explain why? haha
Your ears are pierced?! you have a beard?!! wow...How... long has it been since I’ve watched you.
9:37i bet they never mind
"Look how cute she is in her glasses." Omg😍 jack the was adorable , humble beach, "yeah my girlfriends adorable
Robin is too good at editing and making things flow
Plot Twist: Ryan Renolds isn't on the vlog




but Pikachu is.
hey look, he was blurred during the whole scene, who knows maybe he wasnt there????....................






 just joking
Your livin the weeb dream, im so jealous
You two are very cute ^x^ I'm glad you all had a wonderful time <3
0:07
Wake up lieutenant!
It was so cute watching Sean fanboy over Ryan remembering him XD Also, Sean and Evelyn are so adorable together! I love them  <3
Robin did a great job editing this
the reason y I said that is because you don't look as active as you would in your other vids be yourself bro!!!!!
10/10 Yellow carpet walking👌👌
5:30 jack (2018 flashback) sweats 😅
This vlog is great but can we also just appreciate Robin's editing? Love it
When Jack said "this is why I like you" to Evelyn I melted 💕
OH MY GOSH, ANOTHER EVELYN! So hard to find someone with my name XD
Watch sword art online jack it's AMAZING!!!
ARE U TELLING ME YOU'VE NEVER EATEN SUSHI???!!!
Coke-Cola Zero Sugar Same Great Coke Taste  Now With A Hint of Added Vanilla Sponsorship


Like if you want Jack to get the sponsorship.
👇
Damn I wish I could go to the Godzilla red carpet screening that gonna be the best
Sean in Japan: nice and respectful


Back when Sean lived in Ireland( about four years ago when he played happy wheels): DIE TIMMY or SPEED IS KEY!!!!!!
 
My favourite lines for the rest of my life! 
💚💚💚💚💚💚
11:39


And now for the weather, Jim?
I can't be the only one who thought that lol
What type of camera did he use, the stabilized one? Great vid btw
To have Ryan Reynolds to wave directly at you, amazing
I'm im Japan right now and have been to all the places in this video, far out I'm bummed I didn't bump into you! 😩
Delightful music, nice tour, and you both seem to have a wonderful time :)  Would like to see it myself someday.
Jack at Japan: respectful, funny and cool

Jake Paul at Japan: *Black Pantah voice* we don't do that here
What are you doing down there?


( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) oh, nothing
Remember how jack said he couldn't grow facial hair
She protecc
She attacc
But most importantly
She taller than Jack
Man down I repeat man down our Jackaboy has fallen in love !!!! 

P.s. you two are so cute together hope you're actually  a  thing c; have a good  holiday
2:01 awwww Jack looks so sweet there. And Nice and innocent. And wholesome he Reminds me of a type of super kind elder in a videogame
So uh, does japan remind you about the attack on titan 2 game? that you have yet to finish? (pls i want to see more)
Ryan Reynolds: waves in Japanese 
Sean: Omg! No way!
I'm drinking diet Coke with vanilla right now
0:16 When you see an anime in your crunchyroll queue
Dude! Japan is so much fun! I went there last year as an exchange student for 2 weeks and I loved it so much! ❤️😁
Jack: “Ryan Reynolds remembers me!!!! That's weird but cool!!!”

Me: ......I guess even you are human Jack.
This editing is at a profetinal level
Whaaaa never expected to see two of my favourite streamers/youtubers yet for completely unrelated reasons end up taking a trip together!
Jack you look so happy recently, and I just love seeing that you're happy. You're actually such a good person dude, and your videos make me smile so much
The editing is wonderful!👏🏻👌🏻
Loved the video itself,, but another thing I picked up on, Robin's editing skills on this 🔥🔥🔥🔥, the guy is legit
Editing was on point... well done Robin!
Robin the editing was amazing for this video!
Is it me or is his girlfriend very beautiful no disrespect love you Sean ❤️❤️❤️
0:31 
am I the only one who got a flashback about "Emily is away too" 😂 btw, you guys are cute together!
3:57 Jack: "Im the worst"
         Subtitle: "Im divorced"




hey...
This is the best editing for a vlog ever :) I love it :)
16:51 I spotted Hal Rudnick from Screen Junkies!
I love BNHA!! I made a few clay figurines!!
Random Hal in the background with that goofy grin he always has on his face @ 16:45. :)
This is robin only using 0.001% of his power
Nothing like an Irishman going gaga in Japan.
Hey Jack's sponsored by Nintendo now! By default!
Aawww. You guys look like you had a great time! Lol. Love you Sean. Never change.
21:04 that giggle and “this is why I like you” made my heart go DOKI DOKI from how sweet it was-
he's no longer a gaelic gladiator, from now on he's the gaelic samurai
Jack finally found those chickens😂
The rubber chicken never fails XD
wow, did robin edit this, cuz wholy moly thass amazi-baaaaaalllls
4:35 you should've slapped em with a loud "L A A A A U U U G H H"
Oh my god... a YouTuber who was respectful in Japan.
When Jack said "Here's Deku and Bakugo" I kinda screamed with joy
I know everyone has said it already but great editing for this video!
Jack getting drunk as hell

Me: letsssssss gooooooo
Robin you're damn good at what you do. Jack you're the same great taste we know and love, now with a hint of Evelyn. 
Light and love to all!
The editing is BEAUTIFUL ROBIN YOU HAVE OUTDONE YOURSELF
this is possibly the best video I've seen on your channel
Nice to see one of my favorite actors through my favorite YouTubers eyes, makes me all happy, ty
Who the hell is Evelyn or however TF you say it😂
This looks phenomenal
He wanted to get sponsored by coke but got Warner brothers instead. Yay...
He protecc
He attacc
But most importantly
He got a detective pikachu backpacc
Shibuya, 104. anyone TWEWY?
guys i saw,one piece,my hero,mob,boruto and dragonball
JACK ARE YOU READY FOR BOKU NO HĪRŌ AKADEMIA SEASON 4 IN OCTOBER?
"I'll see you in a year" - Jacksepticeye to Ryan, May 12th 2018
Of course Akihabara would be the first place to go.

Edit: Is that a different version of I’m everywhere?!?!
The movie was amazing pokèmon got to catch them all
Sean is so respectful and friendly. What an awesome dude
Omg if i saw my friend here i would like, screm-
«See you in 1 year, trained» Jack said in his video with Ryan Reynolds.

Today it has been exactly 1 year. 

WHERE IS THE VIDEO SEÁN?!
This was such a wholesome video I was smiling the entire time!! 💕
6/10 good, but needs more reynolds
a vlog i actually enjoyed for once.
OMG! THIS VIDEO IS FREAKIN' AMAZING!
My only question is...






Still waiting for that Coke sponsorship?
8:30
Sean check your phone this instant, if there is a Red Eyeball App press it. Something incredible will happen.


You'll soon meet Igor then


(Persona 5 refrence)
Welp if max wont give us more Japan vlogs then jack will have to be the backup
Jack and ryan the best ships in anime
Never thought I'd see Oshino Shinobu on this channel.
pardon me wHO EDITED THIS ITS SO GOOD
edit: WAIT ROBIN EDITED THIS IM MIND BLOWN ITS 10/10
*Sees Shibuya*
I AM THOU
THOU ART I
Heyyy jack

Your girlfriend 

Is she single
I can hear Ryuji screaming "for real?!?" From here
This really made me miss japan 😩 i left Tokyo a few days after you arrived
I saw this and was like, "Huh, Jack in Japan for Detective Pikachu and saw the cast for it, and Ryan Reynolds remembered him." I guess dreams do come true. Also, top notch editing, awesome job as always, Robin! Edit: I forgot about how awesome Jack is! And how he's so cute in Japan for the first time.
Now that's a true Irish man dance at the end of the vid
Me: eating Chinese food while watching a video about Japan.


Wait, that's illegal.
Jack you have vlogging skills I never expected from my little jackaboi. Love the Gaelic gladiator beard by the way you need to grow it so that it looks like Arthur Morgan after using some hair grow tonic😍luv you 3000
It's so sweet how Rayn spots out that you Vlogging and just hijack the moment 🤣😂

Edit: Holy SHit what's happening here O__O
I LOVE U JAKKU!
Am I the only person who noticed Ando in the back?
16:56, not gonna lie, you really had me, Jack 🤣
I watch you cuz I am Irish and I love you
Rumour has it, Ryan gave jack that coke sponsorship. You know, the one that's the same great coke taste with a hint of added vanilla?
2:34 OH MY GOSH I HAVE THAT LITTLE FIGURE WITH THE STACKED TOTORO SPIRITS, ITS ON MY SHELF!!!!!
I am just amazed on how great robin edited! Keep up the great work!
Awesome editing!
Awesome Video!!
I wish I was there!
I can't wait to see the movie!!
I believe that the magikarp they are eating is a magikarp taiyaki.
9:53 is the wave you came for
Omg I like that outro😂
Jack fanboying over Ryan Reynolds is my fave thing😭❤️
2:28
That's it, I'm moving to Japan!
Awww jack is smaller than his girlfriend thats soo cute 😊😊👌🌸😅😆
Okay but Robin is KILLING it with the editing in this video. Absolutely gorgeous
Is tattoo now legal in japan?

Cuz he showing his little tattoo xD
6:08 Jack isnt gonna make it...because he's got Antisepticeye in him!
I'm honestly in awe of Robin's editing in this video!
wooow this vlog was a mazing and really I need to give attention to the editing! Amazing job! <3
Sean and Evelyn look so cute together ❤️
I feel like I can see the julian solomita inspiration in the vlog style
Who's Evelyn?
Your girlfriend is so cute :D She seems so perfect for you. <3
Jack, SME blocked your ocean man livestream
Jack 2013: confused boy
Jack 2019: a Gaelic Gladiator meeting Ryan Reynolds in Japan and walking the yellow
carpet to see Detective Pikachu
We are all so proud of you, keep up the amazing work!
Awwww Jack is totally fangirling over Ryan!
If I meet jack in person I'm gonna hug him. and thank him for being the bestest boi
this looks like jack's hit man video. (watch his hitman series)
Love your ponytail Jackie boi
Jack: *Says Dark Goku instead of Black Goku*


Smart move ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I'm jealous. JACK! I DEMAND YPU TAKE ME TO RYAN REEEE!
perfect couple 😋
maxmoefoePokemon there has been a great injustice
Great editing job from Robin and good on Sean part for being a fun guy but still respectful in Japan.
The editing in this was absolutely incredible, amazing job Robin!
When he he is dancing im like he is so drunk
The best 20 minutes and 25 seconds of my day 😂
dang that edit tho - nice
guys japan is just one big anime convention
Jack:*meets Ryan Reynolds* acts all giddy and happy  Me: now you know how we act after we meet you.
Is the paid promotion COKE ZERO WITH A HINT OF ADDED VANILLA SAME GREAT COKE TASTE?
14:20 love the music you used in this section
He said thats my man guys  epic lol
Are Jack and evelyn dating
ITS PIKACHU

No it's JACKSEPTICEYE


FUUUUUUUUUU
Jack and Evelyn are the cutest people ever ❤️
Has anyone realized...or just me that Shibuya is in Persona 5?
4:17 smh ladies fist jacky boi
More vlogs?! Seeing into a YouTuber's life makes so many people happy ❤️❤️
Dude. So jealous... not talking about trip, but that Your Lady can speak Japanese.
I AM OBSESSED WITH THE EDITING IN THIS VID!!!
Jack looks like a nice version of Baldur from God of War
One time in 4th grade I had to make a cat mask but instead I made a pikachu and everybody wanted it 🤣🤣
My Notifcations said this was posted 12 hours ago. But.. it was days ago



I hate you notifications.
"same great coke taste zero sugar"
"now with a hint of vanilla?"
"this is why I like you" 
OHMYGOSH that is so pure and sweet
This videos is amazing the whole Japanese tour was beautiful and I couldn't help but grin from start to finish
2:23 the guy was making fun of jacksepticeye
My favorite anime is spirited away what's yours
Iay be the only one to say it.

But you have amazing hair, sean
Holy shit, it sys im the second viewer





But theres 28 comments.....
Jack fangirling over meeting ryan is honsetly adorable
You know, I named one of my guitars Evelyn soon after I bought it
Jack: this is my family. * squeezes rubber chicken* makes noise* 

Jack: this is what it's like to watch a jacksepticeye video. Lol
WHO LOVES SEEING HIM SO HAPPY?? I know I do! 


How to vlog in Japan: the way Sean and Felix do. 


How not to vlog in Japan: That Paul dude.
I am the Japan 🇯🇵
Omfgggg jack like my hero academia

I think ive fallen in love
Jack. Im proud of you. But also.. sometimes I'm confused.
What ever happened to the cabin, blue hoodie and flat cap?
What ever happened to "SPEEEEEEEED IS KEEEEEY"? 
I'm happy you've grown up and everything and you're happy where you are now.
But in my eyes, the moment when I started watching you.. I already thought you were the perfect youtuber.
awe so cool! I loved this! Looks like you guys had such an awesome time! lol How many of those action figures did you end up buying? 

I've wanted to go to Japan for the longest time myself. Hope I'll be able to someday!
Robin: How much should I edit this video?
Jack: Yes.
(I like the heavy editing.)
My dad makes really good sushi <3
OMG HE SAID IT!!! HE SAID TOP OF THE MORNING!!!
"oh god I'm in heaven" I'm jealous..  Now i want to go to Japan
Harajuku is the heart of all things kawaii and anime.harajuku also has it's own unique fashion and is one of my favorite places in japan.
18:32 jesus, Pixlpit with some amazing editing.
WAIT WHUTTT UR EATIN WID ANDOOOOO


unlistedleaf
Endlessly happy for you!!
"I’m Everywhere" Japanese cover
MANO O PYONG QUE QUE TA ACONTECENDO
I would also be super excited if The Green Lantern waved at me. @_@;
I love this, I'm glad you two had so much fun <3
I live in japan oof
Such good camera quality 😍
Jackaboy with a hint of added Japan and some pika pika cuteness 😊
I'm jealous ! 😭🤩
That security dude at the end while Sean was dancing was just
Ummm shhheeezze this is embaaarrasssssing
Robin teach me the ways of the god tier editing 😮
You look very happy, i feel happy for you!
Sean: "Ryan Reynolds Waved At Me In Japan"

Also Sean: "I met The Detective"
I smiled as soon as he came on screen, his smile makes me so happy! Haha 😂
best vlog I've ever seen
7:25 a wild Pokimane appears?!
Ah man. Ryan really DOES seem like the best BFF a guy could ask for lol.
*includes paid promotion * 
Me: boi if this ain’t sponsored by coca cola I swear
ARE YOU GUYS MARRIED YET!!!!!!
I JUST WATCHED THE MOVIE YESTERDAY IT WAS AMMMMAAAAASSSINNNNGGGG
Aaah!! As if I didn't already want to go to Japan bad enough! It's so beautiful!
You should play days gone
Ryan and Jack need to make more videos!!!
Both amazing people
Jack in japan is respectful 
  

Logan in japan is disrespectful and films a dead body
4:31 look at all those chickens
this is officially one of my favourite jacksepticeye videos, it is well put together, the music is great, it's funny, the ending was nice looking, I just like everything about it, although, I couldn't see your beard that well with your camera
Jack: It's the same great coke taste, with zero sugar...
Eveline: With a hint of vanilla?
Jack: This is why I like you

i CAN'T HANDLE
omg they are so cute!! Also Evelyn is literally female version of Sean haha
Random question: any paranormal stuff happening to you while you're over there?
Editing was pretty great in this video
The way Evelyn looked at Jack!!!❣️❣️❣️ 12:59
ryan reynolds: * waves down a taxi


jack: Ryan Reynolds Waved  At Me In Japan
Oh thank God. No Logan Paul this year 😂
I smiled from 0:00 to 25:20




Now my face is stuck...Help?
I've made a full body origami pikachu before
Y'all so adorable together!!!
1. This was cool as all hell. 

2. Can Robin edit my life and make it look this good please
5:00 UnlistedLeaf cameo! HIII ANDO!
Who knew a guy screaming at the top of his lungs YEARS ago would be able to do this? Fantastic job Jack. We all love you.
I thought Jack was with someone called Vishy or something? Or was that an ex?
I am CRYING at how cute they are
Jack is actually polite in japan unlike some youtubers I know


Cough LOGAN PAUL Cough
I forgot Jackaboi had a girlfriend... It's been a while since he's even spoken of her
I love this vlogging style video! And you and Evelien are so sweet together:)
“Welcome to japan” first thing you see if anime
ANIME





So COLOURFUL TO
You came here for 9:49 😉 
Thank me later


👍
This is by far my favourite vlog I have ever seen. So beautiful and so entertaining.
sean: im gonna makem cheer


*sean*:24:25
To know that he started in a old shack living with his grandmother is amaizing he is truly a hardworking and amaizing person
That 'twirl into a elevator' editing was so seemless.
Robin is best boi, this is only him at 2% of his true power
Oh jackaboi you’re amazing and hilarious
Dam that editing thought
lol you should make like a 10 sec video of a rubber chicken screaming out " TOP OF THE MORNING TO YA LADDIES! " also everytime you turn your head...PONYTAIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Damn. Nice editing.
You know watching this makes me want to have a delicious Coke Zero with the same great taste but zero sugar and a hint of added vanilla.
Seán sees saitama 
Saitama: Okay
Jacksepticeye your so blessed brother!!! That looked like sooo much fun congratulations on your success
XD he’s so happy after seeing Ryan ,it’s really adorable XD
Man, I miss Japan.  Loved my time there.  Thanks, Sean for bring back some fantastic memories.
Jack: all of my family is here squeezes chicken

Chicken: Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh

Me: *falls off couch
getting logan paul vibes (japan)
Show us all the stuff u got
Hey why did you change the name from the Detective Pikachu title.
Omg all the anime stuff at the start jeesus
Watching Pewds video: 240p

Watching Jack’s video: holy shit is this heaven?
You need a small mic plus robin is the greatest editor
11:40 DEMONS JIM!!!
And this is why I watch jack just because he is always so hyped keep doing good jack
Omg that’s so amazing! Thanks for not clickbaiting me
Being recognised by Ryan Reynolds in Japan?

What more could a man ask for?
Wait did you see the Godzilla hotel
The editing on this was superb
Did you saw the blogger behind you when you pass shibuya street
There is so much anime I love it
9:54 for people who camef for the title
Shopping vlog, basically.
Hey jacksepticeye I want you to react to ytp on jack funniest home video
your drunk give me your keys
JACK, U'VE CHANGED SO MUCH...... Wit day ponytail in the back. I see uuuuuu
YOU AND EVELYN ARE CUTENESS OVER LOAD!!!❣️❣️❣️😍😍😍
Evelyn is lovely ^-^ you're so relaxed around her, Sean. It's cute.
4:52    look at the guy behind sean, 
is that unlisted leaf?
Now here is the golden question. 




Ryan Reynolds or Bryan dechart.

Deadpool or Conner the android sent by cyberlife
also dammnnn robin's editing skills are incredible
im jokeing with
your doing good
i swear you and evelyn are soo cute together
Sean's ponytail is cooler that I'll ever be
don't know who I'm more jealous of...of you for getting to meet Ryan Reynolds again or him meeting you again
I love you and evelyn together
Hi there I been watching you for years and you are my favorite youtuber and I want to watch deceptive pikachu.
Digging the Kratos beard jack! oh ahem I mean DAD OF BOI BEARD XD
I would love to go to Tokyo
robin held in the anime wow for 20 mins, his self control is honestly ‧͙⁺˚*･༓ wow ༓･*˚⁺‧͙
DAMN ROBIN....
DAMN RYAN REYNOLDS....
DAM U IRISH POTATO UR SO ADORABLE
OMG such a beautiful city and koi's and wow Sean eyes are so blue I'm can't stop looking at them lol 😂😂😂😂,this film going to be great
Jacks intro subtlety is level 100
Jack should start a vlog Channel
Don't Let This Distract You From The Fact That Jack Is Ryan Reynolds' Real Pokemon Trainer
"It's just like one of my japanese animes" - Otacon
Wow Japan look much beautiful then pictures
Jk love you vidz
24:27

Oh no you don’t, come here.
Ryan just responds and he says yes I am you're best friend
Can u please start a blog Channel u are awesome at blogging 😀😀😀👍🏻
jacksepticeye:Im going to japan! 


logan Paul want t6o know your location
You two make an adorable couple 👍💕
Finding out that girlgamergab/gggab real name is everlyn is shocking. Yet why do I feel like she said that somewhere
Jack: gets sponsored by Warner Bros 

Can't get sponsored by Coke 

Rip some day maybe you will get that Coke sponsorship
you should vlog in Ireland
You guys are adorable with each other!!
So great seeing you happy Sean 😊
You changed the title from "meeting the detective pikachu cast in japan" to
"Ryan Reynolds waved at me"

364 likes! The highest amount i have ever gotten is 10!
EXCUSE ME YOU FORGOT NARUTO AND SASUKE
At 2:56 there's a joskue figure next to a Rohan figure
Its such a chill vids. Thanks jack :)
I made sushi in 4th grade
JACK YOU AND RYAN COULD PLAY LETS GO PIKACHU!
do you remember when you played jazzpunk and fed the coyfish and you could do it all day
Feels bad for film theory
Sean looked real happy in this I'm glad he has a good time
you are sooo lucky xD i want to go to japan
"The Foreigner who fell into the Koi Pond" sounds like a movie I'd watch
9:19 I never knew jacksepticye was so...so SMALL
is you spedicey man?
Jack don’t go to a forest
9:54 there you go
Amazing Editing, Amazing Sponsorship, Amazing Video, and Amazing Everything. 





Love it
24:36 The look on the security guard's face.
The first thing i saw in 21:28 was McDonald's and I was thinking of Shushi burgers
We're not going to talk about Tim almost killing charizard.
Sean is so adorable
you can tell Robin stepped it up on this video, he's always great but this is a resume builder <hint-hint Warner Bros>
JACK HAS NEW GF ALREADY?!?!? :o
Couldn't you have put Ryan on the vid?
Jack you missed so many chances
On the boat when you were having a dance party a YouTuber was sitting next to you
My girl would FLIP seeing all the Totoro stuff.
I love when jack is happy it makes me happy and the girl with jack (I forgot her name) I ship them together they soooooo cute
Love how 1 year ago on 12th May 2018, 

Sean said: "I'll see you in a year. Train!"
Today on 11th May he did see him lol.
Only 1 day early.
Every time I wach his videos it makes my day when its bad you just laugh it out.
this is one of his first vlogs without Signe and it’s making me sad : (
that japanese guy at 23:36 lmao
HI MOM
Who would think that guy in a cabin in the middle of nowhere in Ireland would be flown to Japan by the Warner Bros and meet the cast of Detective Pikachu and even playing Deadpool with the actor who played Deadpool, Ryan Reynolds I feel like I've grown up along with Jack on his amazing adventure
Don't apologise! This is awesome!
Robin is amazing at editing
Godzilla vs Pikachu
Ahhh I watched Detective Pickachu for my birthday!!!
I just wanted to say that -

Jack has really nice eyes. Like holy hell- Thats such a nice blue-y colour (His eyelashes are also really pretty! -)

Also whoever edited this did a REALLY good job! :D
is she your GF
Y’all are stinking adorable!! ❤️
11:50 got my like button hit
wait, did i hear pins?!
These edits are amazing 
1like -1high five for robin
I think I missed something because who's evalin?
I really miss the old Jack/Sean 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
11:39 That wasn't a reference to Jim news was it?
So cool I went to Japan but not Tokyo I went to Kyoto and osaka
This was hands down the best vlog I’ve ever watched thx Sean
I miss vlogs like this
this video was sooooo cool , thank you jack and robin !
Is Evelyn taller than you? Das TOUGH
13:56

Wasn’t expecting that 😂
Jack's eyes are so blue and focused on the camera.
It feels like he's staring right into my soul.
Jackaboy you always warm my day. When I feel down and miserable. I just watch your videos and within like 5 minutes I'm laughing my *ss off. I love you Jack and keep up the great work☺️☺️☺️
this is the peacfull side of jack
incredible editing!
I like the sound theme and ive missed ur vids so much cuz i forgot to put notifications on :p
Flashbacks when Ryan Reynolds leaked entire the Detective Pikachu movie
I never noticed how blue his eyes are
11:39 OVER TO YOU JIM!
Can't count how much times Evelyn looked at Jack, it's so sweet
Damn, i felt legit joy seeing how happy jack felt that Ryan reckognized him!  this was awesome! i hope you get to make another video again!
All the comments: Robin is the best editor
Me: is Evelyn Sean's girlfriend ?
Edit: She is!!! Holy Shit!!!
I'm happy for you sean
I ship them lmao
Unlisted leafs there
When you don't wanna notice and shout your number 1 youtuber 3:05 (look at the back of jack)
HEY MA! MA! I MET RYAN REYNOLDS! ITS AWESOME

Edit:Woah! that's alot of likes! Did I hit your Nostalgia? Haha Thank you for the likes
4:57 u can see unlistedLeaf in the background lol XD
Damn sean is so lucky. Amazing videos, keep it up :)
Have you seen that Sean has a Man ponytail
Different colored eyes. Amazing.
Jack in a temple:
Walks around respectfully and quietly, does everything basically right.
Butttttttt. When you were taking the cup hand washing thing, you shouldn’t put the water back inside the main place... you wash ur hands outside the stone. Which made me go “NO” but I think you’re fine. It just takes the purpose of those “sanitary” stuff away.
MY FAV COUPLE!!!
Good thing someone can keep up with Japan vlogs.....Max
22:27 how the hay-
I leave Jack for 2 years and now he has a ponytail, his ears are pierced and he has a beard. WHAT IS THIS but i like
"See you in a year"
Jack is already on a first name basis with Ryan Reynolds
Can you plz dye your hair green. Thx
Oh god he looks like my Irish neighbor who makes his house as a pub every sunday.
awww I love seeing Jack so happy! Also Robin's editing skills are absolutely amazing they get better with every video! <3
Jack in Japan: Crazy Irish guy in "Far from Home"
Thank you for such a wonderful video. I've always wanted to visit Japan so this was awesome. I felt like I was really there. So cool that Ryan remembered you, Jack. Evelyn I don't know if you will read this but...You dress for the premiere was incredible! I loved it. Big props to Robin for his Master Editing skills.
jack pointing out bnha characters
Me: he probably has heard of it
jack names deku,bakugo,and all might by name
Me: O m g my f a v o r i t e y o u t u b e r w a t c h e s m y h e r o a c a d e m i a
      Cheat.      Sheet.   
Omg my favorite YouTuber watches my hero academia
Bye a Mia action figure
I like how he can get Warner bros to send him to Japan but he can't get a sponsor from coca cola,same taste zero sugar with a hint of vanilla
Can we get 10 more vlogs like this?????
I wish I was as cool as jacksepticeye
0:14 IS THAT SEASON 2 OF YURU CAMP I SEE
Great editing!
This looked gorgeous. 
Fantastic editing Robin. 
Loved the quality of the tiny camera. 
Hope you had a lot of fun on the trip. :)
Why does his hair look Grey haha
11:59 the person next to jack when he was dancing
At 21:37 I spot a wild Simon & Martina! Also hiiiiii Gab! You two look like you're having a blast together.
so haven't watched a video by jack in a while...gotta say Jack's looking like...A TRUE NORD
Seán has such incredibly beautiful eyes- like, how is it possible??
Japan looks like New York... but with anime. I love it
Me: dang Jack sure likes these comments 

Jack:im a nice person 

Me: I like people's comments to make them happy is that nice will anyone like this
Jack it would be amazing if you waived at me let alone Ryan Reynolds
0:15 hitori boocii
Jack: omg Ryan remembers me!!
Me: aww he's such an adorable potato.
since its anime infection land i aint going i hate anime
Pause at 4:44 and you can see kaneki's mask from tokyo ghoul under the mario hat tokyo ghoul is an anima btw
What camera was she using during this video? Looks dope
My name is Evelyn and so this whole video was oddly personal.
Ryan's basically your best friend now
i commented this so i could see shibuya
Daaamn that editing is mindblowing!
I wanna go so bad 😭😭😭





I’m so jealous.
How much you wanna bet ryan told warner bros to do this

PS: hopefully you play a Pokemon in detective pikachu 2 Jack

You are also so lucky you got to see godzilla
Nobody:

Jacksepticeye: 13:45 "that's me in the background"
this was cute <3
This was really fun and interesting to watch. But I'm just sitting here appreciating how well this is edited. Those transitions though.
18:26 AW
DAMN jack, I wanna meet you and Ryan Reynolds. And I can't go anywhere unless my mom comes, but I highly doubt that she'll let me come to your next tour or anything...😟😟😟😟
weird, I just watched Detective Pikachu today...
Wait... The end music.... Plz tell me thats lugia music for an upcoming live adaption of Pokemon 2000.
21:00 soooooo cute 😊❤️
This is my ignorance shining through, but who is Evelyn?
That editing <3
2:24 lmao, someone literally pointed at jack then jack turns around to check on eveline XD
my persona 5 instincts are going wild
Can u play marve powers united on your be it is so cool I really want to see your reaction to it it would be amazing if you played it thanks if you read this
Jack is dancing = I'm laughing 
That's more or less what my watching looked like XDDD
I'm so proud of you Sean! you went from a simple cabin boy to meeting celebrities, voice acting, and now taking over Japan! and not to mention you look so happy. sending much love
Robin's editing was off the charts, Evelyn and Sean were adorable together, and this vlog was AWESOME! 💜💜💜
my OCD (joking) hit when the 'j' in Japan was lower case and the rest were upper case ;-;
11:56 two types of people at the parties
I catched Detective Pikachu in Pokémon Go. Yes, I still play it. Wut. Gonna judge me for playing Magic: the gathering too.



JK, don't worry. Nowadays peaple are more likely to be oke with what others like... I hope.
the editing in this is superb, robin really did an amazing job on this one
6:20 proof that anti is no more. anyone catch that. he wasn't killed when he walked through. anti is truly gone.
You’re so happy and that makes me happy 😊❤️
uuuugh I'm so jealous....i love Japan AND Ryan Reynolds.....well more on Japan hehe
Thank you Ryan very nice.....
If all of Jacks vlogs looked this good, id want them all the time. This was awesome to watch
wait a minute,you changed the title
0:08 uhhh meow??
"I don't know how much 
I'll be able to talk as I walk,
I'm a poet and
I didn't even know it"             -Jack the Rapper
I would love to see Jack as an extra in King of the monsters
Includes paid promotion.




But still not by coca cola!
Sean would not see this comment
I think all of use know Jack and eviln did in bed
Remember the old jack septic eye the non friendly one the one that would swear all the time
Okay not gonna lie, the absence of the outro freaked me out a bit 😂
You came here for 9:55 💙




Love you jack <3
What the shnite..... I like Japan and I hope to go to it
0:14 Azur Lane! :D
Can we all just give Robin a round of a applause for the amazing editing
11:50 I wonder what the girl next to him was thinking...
Ok I knew Japan was cool looking buT DAMN! 

TOKYO IS AWESOME!!
gaelic gladiator in dynasty map
Ahh japan the city of anime
Robin, you are such an amazing person and editor. The edits feel professional, you timed the picture shots with the music, and one of my favorites was day 2 when jack spun around and seemlessley transitioned to the elevator. And you are such a joy to watch in videos, you have such a great additude and humor and get along great with Jack, I am so happy to have you on the channel
randomly a poel? 12:50
0:06
0:14
13:59
18:31
 

Jack. Whatever you're paying Robin, it's not enough.
Love ur editing
HEY JACK!!
'over to you jim!' sean is a smol coffee bean i lov him.
Ryan used wave
Its very effective
Is it just me or were the edits so much better in this video than Sean's other videos? Nice job, Robin (@pixlpit)!
Robin needs a raise.
as an asian born in asia but adopted into an american lifestyle
I'd like to say
damn what I would give to be one of those asians by jack rn
Does jack like jojo?
Jack is hot in formal
I love the Japanese styled music throughout the video and also on the end screen too.
The funny thing is were i live most kids who like anime will be abused and  made fun of.
I love how Sean is smol and Evelyn (idk how to spell it) is tol
It's adorable
Jack you are preety short
👏🏻such👏🏻 a 👏🏻healthy👏🏻 relationship!👏🏻
At 5:04 there is Pokémon YouTuber right behind you called Unlisted leaf
jacksepticeye height on google: 5'10
justice smith height on google: 5'10 
9:00 says otherwise
DETECTIVE PIKACHU IS SO CUTE AND SUCH A GOOD WHOLESOME MOVIE AHHH
I wish I was there ;-;
I wish I could meet you Sean. You are such an amazing person and have been there through tough times and helped me relax during exams in college. I love your personality as you're as loud as I am!! Hope you are well.
So glad you get to met Ryan Reynolds, again.
Evelin is cute and badass as always. 
Your blue eyes is so bubbly. UWU
I saw those eeveelutions plushs man I want that I can't  find them anywhere....
0:13
I see hitoribocchi UwU
I swear that you guys are the most adorable internet couple!!!! Hope you guys enjoyed your time in Japan :)
13:57  I LOVE THAT TRANSITION <3 <3
Where's the coke sponsorship?






At least you got a Warner bros sponsorship.
This is the first vlog from you (and in general) I’ve ever watched. I’m loving the commentary, especially the part, “If you are evil, you will be destroyed by the temple’s guardians”






“Welp, I guess I’ll see you guys later then BYEE”
I wanna hear u scream "YOLO BITCHES!!!!!" At the mall.
I love you jack :3
jack in the club 22:27 and 22:37 lol
Detective Pikachu:"I have been waiting.. Sean"
Umm, y'all are adorable. I can't handle it.
There is something weird about an irishman wearing a pikachu bag.🤣
Asia is great





Because of animes
yabai and your boi
jack:IM A GAELIC GLADIATOR


Also jack: 22:26
Dude haven’t you played video games with him
omg!!
Life is strange 2 episode 3 ????
Jack, you should've brought some pokeballs and capture Ryan Reynolds in your balls
That just scared the shit out of me XD
Im here for Gab!
I want your life!!!!! Haha amazing man :)
Live ure vids
"thank you ryan. i love you. please be my bestfirend" it was super cutereeeeeee ily jackkkkk
You're the best Jack!
I really like the editing lol
Sean and Evelyn are super cute together, and love her hair and bows 😊
Jack:s...senpia remembered    me
I have not noticed that jack has Gage's
Bro, you've come so far from that clean shaven boy in the cap, recording in a dark cabin in the woods. I mean, just...DAYUM! Proud of you dude! You deserve it...and a Coke Sponsorship.
We couldn't have ever asked for a better editor
Anybody else wondering if jack visited a hentai shop?
Well atleast he didnt vlog in a specific forest didnt he?
Sean is so gray 😂
An Irish YouTuber being a good boy in Japan
VS
An American A$$hole Logan Paul disrespecting people
That was bloody brilliant! I hope you guys enjoyed every moment!
The best vlog so far...
Is it fair to say you look like the Irish version of Ryan
You should vlog a little more. This video was absolutely awesome! By the way you two are adorable together!
Jack: this is the most anime place I've ever been to in my life
Me: I WANNA GO TO JAPAN!!!!
I am literally in Japan for study abroad right now 😂 and I had the chance to see jacksepticeye? I’m so sad now 😭
15:58 I think Yabai means bad.
He sort of looks like Dr. Strange
7:20 isn't that ando/unlistedleaf in the back?
22:35 Seán dancing, thank me later
Where are the subtitles?????
If you like dragon Ball and anime like
When you like other people comments because you can’t get a heart
Everyone: "Jack schould get coca cola sponsorment"
Noone: "Jack should getinvited to Detective Pikachu Cast"
Girlfriend??
That elevator transition was cool as all hell. 13:59.
4:58 is that the pokemon YouTuber @unlistedleaf
2:27 Ooh he staring
I just imagine Sean speaking Irish in Japan. That’s all I have to say here. Now I shall take my leave.
jack its looks like ur putting to much hard work in to it but its ok just be yourself!!!!!!!
The gray hair is starting. JACK YOU OLD MAN!
(16:53) Hi Hal!
13:17 that award winning smile
You guys looked great on the Pikachu tail carpet and you could see just how happy Sean was, esp when Ryan remembered him. 
I'd love to see you guys do another video together. 
Also an idea, maybe get your name tattooed on the Japanese characters, as your name looked very cool. Just an idea. 
Thanks for sharing this with us! Missed the vlogs!
Sean and Evelyn are sooooo cuuuuters
I loved this video I think Jack is very good at vloging he’s not just a pro gamer but he’s also a pro vloger
May 12th 2018 Jack put out his interview with Ryan Reynolds where they played deadpool and he joked saying see you in a year; flash forward almost EXACTLY a year and he posts this; haha kind of funny xD
honestly evelyn and jack are so damn precious
A fue years back jacksepticeye was just some guy in a cabin in the woods who recorded vidios because he liked it now he has talked to deadpool aquaman and been on a tv show and now has walked the "red" carpet that is a amazing transition
if you get ryan Reynolds in another video, you should play a pokemon game
Who else remembers turbo dismount
Do I spots a Simon and Martina!!!?
Everyone is talking about Ryan or the difference between home jack and japan jack


And I’m sitting over here singing the Pokémon theme song with my 11 stuffed Pokémon
11:51 Jack’s dancing and the girl didn’t even care.
amazing. so glad ryan recognized you, even a year later. it looks like you had a great day.
I am proud of you, I hope he gives you a big tour of everybody.
It would be on point if Sam broke out of the tube at the end, but maybe it would be a bit spoiler-y
You two are a great couple.
Wait wait wait YOUR cheating on me
Had to rewind 3 times to see.. Simon & Martina’s in the vlog!!! 😍😍
Evelyn looks like Morena Baccarin meeting Gal Gadot.
So pretty and elegant!
why no 4K jack
I feel like Jack is slowly evolving in the yoga instructor that your wife cheats on you with.
Is that a DJI camera?
Her ex husband must be watching this like "she's already sleeping with him daaamn."
jack camera VS felix camera
nobody :



jk rowling : jacksepticeye and pickachu had a intense sexual relationship
You should not have shown your tatooes in Japan...
i wish u mentioned natsu
too much anime
I also wish I could find a guy just like Sean tears
Tag yourself. I'm the dude in the background with the :o face at 23:45
20:26 omg is that UnlistedLeaf in the background ^w^
Nice bullet time shots...
Magicarp taiyakiiii :9 21:36 A wild Simon and Martina appears!
They're so cute 😍😍😍😍
Man,robin's edits are so awesome and are getting better and better keep it up pixlpit you too jack!❤
Does Evelien have different coloured eyes?
2:59 Jeanne de arc!!!
I was so drunk on the boat cause i was talking to ryan to cuss at the movie of Pokemon
All i saw was detective pikachu
I'm so proud and happy for Sean and how far he's come since the cabin in the woods! He and Evelyn look like they're having fun! I'm so glad!
this is so beautiful video!!
Are you guys dating???
lmao, jack your so short xD
Did he fall in the koi pond!?😂
Those S13 models at 3:33
What if the black goku is goku black.
I would love to go to Japan
4:57 is that UnlistedLeaf I saw behind Jack
Holy guacamole Evelyn is so freakin cool! 💜 Sean's cool too I guess 😉😁
More Japan vlogs
The amount of times Jack's eyes light up in this makes me tear up because I love seeing the people I've grown attached to so happy
God i already love evelyn!
A N I M E
😭 your growing up so fast I remember when you were vlogging your horse at your old old house, and now your waving at celebrities 😢 ur da best Jack
I wish if I could meet Ryan Reynolds like that. It would be cool.
You are so freaking lucky
9:59 I couldn't have kept a straight face if that happened to me. I´d lose my freaking chimichangas....
She's so cute with the glasses omg
My dream place to visit...


Also, How could Ryan forget the person who had to show him how to be Deadpool...
Jack looks quite a bit like Ryan Reynolds in 16:50, just saying
heard the forests there were to die for Cx
Wohoo you have grey hair
Unlistedleaf in the background at 4:58 had me shookith
Japan looks so nice! 
14:12 Whhhhhoa, I just had visceral flashbacks to walking that same exact path over a decade ago. Like, I remembered it so hard, my brain hallucinated the scent of the place. Neat. 
I would sell a kidney or two, maybe even a spleen, to go back to Japan. Did you guys go to Nijo Castle? :o Easily one of my favourite places.
unlistedleaf is that you man at 20:22
JAck, how's the song in 14:00 called? I really liked it
Hey
18:32 WHAT??!?!?! You're a wizard, Robin, you're a goddamn wizard.
Why did I think the hat was photoshopped from the pikachu backpack 1:28
I think I went to Japan at the same time you did! My friend wanted to chuck the pikachu in Akihabara in the ocean because it wouldn't stop talking xD
20:10 anyone notice that girl waving in the background? :3
What was that dance 😂😂😂😂
You see, at first, people see Jack as an energetic ball of yelling and curse words. Then you realize he's just a giant famous child
Don't pull a Michael Scott and step on a koi! lol
Jackalynn 2019
Unlisted Leaf, damn
Dat yellow carpet dance was so cringe tho
The editing in this video 👌🏻👌🏻 

Top notch 
Good job bois
Oh how i envy you Jack...
7:27 unlisted leaf (Pokemon YouTuber) between them
Do you think jack and ryan are subscribed to each other
The ending😂
Jack walks into the temple, Dark Souls music plays and Boss Life Bars appear before him.
who else thought jack was totally wasted on the cruise
I've always wanted to go to Japan
I need to know exactly which buildings they are at! I want to do that tour so bad and go broke at the anime store buying Pokémon plushies!
Jack: includes paid promotion
Me: 😲😲😲 Did he finally get sponsored by Coke?!?! reads description 
Also me: sees that its not sponsored by Coke Oh hail nah! sees its sponsored by Warner Brothers Oh ok. That's not as good but... 🤷
This made me so happy!
Evelyn left to do all the camera work while Jack dances on a carpet. The people in the background looked at him like he had three heads and a tail.
hes probably in akihabara
Omg every time I see Jessie Paige I get so excited lmao
Please don't do anything crazy in Japan




 Suicide Forest 
Literally the coolest.
Fun Fact: the two Japanese writing languages are Hiragana and Kanji!
everyone is pointing out about jack or ryan
while i'm here impressed for the edit
great job Pixlpit
I love you Jacki boi
2:56 immediately fangirls I need all of those in my hands right now ALL OF THEM AAAA
Please play stronghold game and make a video on it plz plz plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That fish you ate that has chocolate is what gran torino in my hero academia
Oh my god that dance in the end!! 😂😂😂
me trying to have a good time watching the video < me also trying not to giggle at Sean's height
I don't want to steal Sean's thunder
(shouts over shoulder) "You're doing amazing sweetie"
But DAMN that editing is good!


Robin deserves standing ovations for this one!
The monster cafe reminded me of A Weird Place from AH. Haha
Jack reminds me of Joseph seed from farcry 5
Sean’s pickachu looks like a joltean
Best part is that its nearly been over an year since Sean did the video with Ryan. He uploaded the video on May 12th and at the time this was uploaded it was May 11th. Kind of wild timing lmao.
This is definitely your best video yet!

Also, you and Evelynn look cute together 😍
So jealous!
Awesome stuff
Have you forgotten about your old friend Pedro
looks like you're enjoying life! I don't wanna be grim, but have fun while you can so you have precious moments to remember when you can't.
I bet that Japanese vloggers camera can't even hear them and it only picks up Sean lmao  7:27
Dude the movie is insane
At 5:05 you can see unlistedleaf in the background walking behind him, noice
Bruh you where always like 17 mins away from me face palm also I just went to Japan for my birthday
But didn't you play games with him?
Manga: 17:47
Anime: 17:56
Netflix Adaptation: 17:52

Edit: thank you for the likes! You're all awesome
loved the one punch references
Jack is one of those people who's been so genuine since the beginning. It sounds cliche but so many youtubers do change when they grow, and while it's not always a bad thing, it isn't always a good thing. Jack is one of those people that's always stayed true to his core and has never used his influence to hold himself above other people. He's still just as relatable, lovable, and humble as ever. Here's to you, Jack. Still my hero since the beginning <3
Hey am i the only one who instanly thought when he said hes going down takeshita street they thought "take shita"
Can anyone tell me the music in this vlog? Preferably that Japanese trap one that was dope. Amazing video tho
Jack should make another video with Ryan Reynolds
20:15 Tales from the click ? Is that you ???
Oh my goodness its so cool that ryan remembered you!!!!!!!!!!
also, why isn't anyone talking about how beautiful jack's eyes are
Robin going crazy with the editing skills
11:50 when you had too much to drink
Why no pika-dance-
Samurai Jack, gotta get back!
My boy is japan  without me
Sean and Evelyn (if that’s how you spell it) are so happy together it’s making my heart melt 😩💞
1:15 WOAH THAT IS JAPAN?!
Jack meeting celebs and in Japan, COOL
Boss!!!
the samurai and the kawai ribbon on the head girl
When Jack showed us Evelyn he was so proud. UwU
TAKE ME WITH YOU!
Great work sean i have been with u since u had 10 million subs and i just think u have been doing a great job
I hope you had a wonderful time!!! Japan is so beautiful!! I can't wait to visit, thanks so much for sharing this tranquil adventure.
Landó was in the back
I was in tokyo at the same exact time as you! I probably walked right past your group in Asakusa and was like "ugh tourist groups" Haha 
Super cool video! Love the content~
What's the stabilising camera that Jack is using called ?
The hell Robin 18:31 what is this editing.
0:14 hitori bochi lol
Can I see Shibiya Plzzzz
This is quite possibly the bubbliest, happiest video I’ve seen of Sean in forever. I can’t stop grinning. He’s such a happy dude and it makes me endlessly happy to see him having so much fun.
At least he’s respectful to the culture not like Logan Paul
Idky but it makes me so damn happy to see this man having a blast. Also i thought i wanted to go to japan and now i need to gl for at least a little. Its so damn pretty T-T i gotta see it
20:29 you have unlisted leaf in the back
Robin did an OUTSTANDING job with this video!!! truly my editing sensei!!
is it just me or is jack growing grey hair (no offense)
You need to buy a tripod that can also act as something you can use to hold your camera
Man I can,t tell if this video has paid promotion
Watch black butler
Robin is a great editor 
Pixlpit: Hold my editing equipment
Why does Evelyn look like Mr. Beast
Why does it look like Jack's grey
Wow Almost No One seed anything about Unlished leaf
I fear death, but not for the pain it will bring me.
    But for the pain it will bring others
I fear death, but not because of those I will miss. 
    But for those who will miss me.
    I fear death, but not death itself, I fear death
          But not because of what will happen to me 
          For I fear death, because of what will happen 
To others
Who else noticed grey hair on jack man remember when jack barely had a goatee and hair 6 years later he almost has a full beard and grey hair
9:36 lmao jack is a big boy
Hey it's ando!! Hi ando!!
Hey jack, how good are you at using chopsticks???
I see no subtitles
The editing in this video is phenomenal!
Video got copyright claimed so I had to reupload.
If you guys could SMASH like on this one it would really help give it the little boost it lost! SAVE THE MEMES
Jack: "these lamps are their own characters now."
Me a cosplayer: "a shit here we go again"
Press F to pay respects to the unloved, normal lamp.
Jack: Loves on Blue Lamp

Red Lamp: aM I a jOke tO yOU
1:44 
"Say it with me everybody"

"STRAIGHT FOOKIN WATER!!!"
Jack:  Having masculine energy
Robin: Im about to ruin this man's whole career
Hmm it been a while since I saw jack how’s he doing 

sees hippy hair 

Cough
Blue lamp: Breaks
Everyone: Jack fix your lamp!
Jack: No, I love it more than anything in the world!!!
Red lamp: aM i a JoKe To YoU?
Me:  :(
Jack: iTs MeMe TiMe,,, ItS mEmE tImE-
Me:  :)
Me: Jack should dye his beard green.




THIS JUST IN: DEAD BODY FOUND A SEAN'S BAR
Jacks camera is so good it makes 480p look like 1080p
Jack said free whiskey and I went meep-meep zoooooom
That Peta joke, spot on!  Also, bought and drank a soda for the 1st time in years because of you; it was a Coke Zero Vanilla, same great taste with zero sugar and a hint of added vanilla.  Haha.
Me: Sees this video

Me: silently 👏meme👏 review
Poor red lamp 1 like = 1 prayer for red lamp😂🤣 lol
If Jack keeps growing out his hair and beard, he'll literally be Irish Jesus.
9:16 I feel mobbad



I am Swedish mobbad means bullied I don't really feel that way I know it's a joke but I want to be funny even tho I'm not so yeah :D
Jack: MY, EXTREMELY, MASCULINE, ENERGY!!! farts
Me: XD  WHY, ROBIN?!
MEME stands for “My enormously massive erection” true story
Jack: « It’s meme time ! It’s meme time ! The only cure for s... »
Me: «..serious depression »
Jack: sings about how memes are the only cure to sadness
Antidepressants: "Am I a joke to you?"
Teacher:what are you laughing at?
Me: thans ÛWÛ 
Teacher: ? Is that a meme 
Me:no definitely not haha
Jack: I DON'T USE DARK THEME?! AGGGHHH I'M SUCH AN AMATUER! 

Me: 0.0 Slooowly applies dark theme to YouTube
BREAKING NEWS IRISH MAN FINDS CURE FOR CANCER AND DEPRESSION

IT WAS MEMES ALL ALONG
Now I know what made me think of the Jeepers Creepers movies and started watching them!
Sean: “Here on the Jacksepticeye variety channel we have a zero tolerance for violence.” 

Also Sean: hits a white board every video.
WHAT ARE THOSE LEGS JACK!?

thumbnail
No one.
 
Jack septic eye .
Hey coke come sponsor me my viewers keep reminding me
Jack: Who did it better? Sonic or Jack?
Everyone: Jack did all the way
Me: ALL THE WAY!!!
Ok the beer one I’ll go get the whole of Germany 

Jk
Ok. Pause on that pink hair tie at 0:06. 

Just look at it. 

It's adorable.
Who else got a vanilla Pepsi Max ad will be was talking about coke no sugar with a added taste of vanilla🤣🤣🤣
Jacksepticeye: My Extremely Masculin Energy 
Also Jacksepticeye: wearing a pink bobble in his hair
Jack's new ego should be L Ä M P
Blue Lamp: I love getting loved by Jack.

Red Lamp: Why are we still here...Just to suffer..
He protecc

He attacc

But most importantly,



Sonic stole Jack’s idea in the bacc
I now drink coke zero sugar with vanilla thanks to jack
"IT'S MEME TIME, MEME TIME, THE ONLY CURE FOR sadness "

Me: I have clinical depression
No, it's not "Straight for Work"
In 2019, it's "Gay for Work"
I SPIT ON MY SCREEN LOL
Broken Blue Lamp: Gets all of the love

Red Lamp: Am I a joke to you?
It's been 3 years since I watched jack what happened 😐
You'll get that coke sponsorship someday
12:37 my new favorite meme
13:53 Pregnancy test meme 2.0?
Jack: I don’t know how to end the video

Outro: Am I a joke to you?
Da Irish are known for good stories and never giving up
9yr INTRO 😂🤣🤣🤣




Wheres the paper with words u can barely see
Who else noticed Jack wearing a pink hair Tie XD
14:19 on the next episode of jacksepticeye’s meme review... jack barbify will be...
💞💘💗 jack's love for his broken lamp 💗💘💞

broken lamp: Am I a coke to you
Me: waiting for that one dbh meme where they compare 2019 jack to kamski
Also me: well I know what I'll be doing for the next 38 hours.
You deserve more subs than YouTube Music
7:23 "Pikachu, that's soomething I could get behind"
Baw-chick-a-bow-wow-chicka-bow-waaaaah
12:20
*Weird sans noise*
Me: wHaT tHe fUcK- *spits out coffee*
Nobody:

Also nobody:





Jack: tHe sAnİc sToLe mY iDeA

Wait I see this before.
SHAVE YOUR BEARD
DYE YOUR HAIR
DITCH THE WEIRD COMB PONYTAIL
WEAR THE HAT
10/10 would watch again even got some Pokemon cards.
I don’t like the new hair style Jack☹️
Someone edit a comparison of jack and Felix while he was on the bridge
when you aren't sure if that glitch effect was anti or if it was just for fun.


AHHHHHHHH!---
I acc feel sorry for the other lamp😔
What if I'm part irish
The Jacksepticeye How Did We Get Here Live-show Comedy World Tour Sponsored by Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Same Great Coke Taste Zero Sugar Now With A Hint Of Added Vanilla DO YOU HAVE 90 MINUTES AND A THIRST FOR JOY!


Really rolls off the tongue. 


Also he said that so fast I had to rewatch that at half speed like five times.
Jack:where do u live 
Me:next to you😂
Intro-kun? WHERE ARE YOU???!!! INTRO-KUUUN!!! sinks into depression because jack stopped doing his intro
“My Extreme Masculine Energy!”
farts like Wario
WHAT ARE THOSE LEGS BROTHER!?

thumbnail
Jack: "Just because I hold cups, like a crab, doesn't mean I do everything like that. Eating corn on the cob, brushing my teeth, suckin' di-"
Me: "-screech-"
Im from ireland (you asked at start of video)
Nice flashback to you saying I love violence right after talking about hating violence
Dead man:



Me:*shows this video*
If you are subbed to Jack 
Then like the video$_$
Jack : I love Ryan Reynolds

Chris Pratt: Am I a joke to you


Edit: wow i wasn't expecting that many people to like 👊
My extremely masculine energy?


Where's the feminine one jack?
The following is your source of the best
Is it me or is jack turning into Joseph Seed from Farcry 5?
I live in Belgium. Thank you for asking!
Sean: "I don't know how to end the vide-"
Robin: "Well I sure fokin do!"
You look strangely similar to my mma coach
Jack: Who did it better? Sonic or jack?
Me: SEAN!!! 😂😂😂
6:12 I love you Jeff Goldblum, please have my babies.

JACKSEPTICEYE: NOT STRAIGHT FOR WORK
If I could inject myself with meme I would







Wait I already have mentally
Inhale the memes exhale the memes ingect the memes into my blood stream. There are good memes and there are bad memes. WHY HAS GOD ABANDONED US!!!!!!!
14:23
So Jack is Doppio. It's all been a giant JoJo reference, I guess
Laughed so hard my soda went up my nose
Sean:where do you live 
5 y/o:287 s mister st
what do we want?!
JACKSEPTICEYE'S FUNNIEST HOME VIDEOS
when do we want it?!
A S  S O O N  A S  P O S S I B L E
JAAACK you should most definitely try a game called Rakuen! Super delightful with good story and great soundtrack
Aww, poor lil red lamp

Imma call you George. You deserve to be recognized.
Like to let George know he is loved
Jack: sings the meme time song
me: uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu so cringe
I’m scared jack has become potentially gay,  (DEFEAT THE CHILD) (CORRUPT THEM ALL)
Coca Cola Zero: Sean, make us laugh and we will sponsor you...

Sean: LAUGH
Meme


M: My
E: Extremely
M: Massive
E: Erection
Been so long since i seen you
the 90 minute jacksepticeye how did we get here live show comedy world tour with no added sugar


you're welcome :D
"Hugs not drugs" somewhere in our universe "I love physical violence!"
Me: Gets notification of Jack's video before going to bed.
Copystrikers: Not today.
A meme a day keeps the sadness away needs to be a tshirt
I died watching the beginning!! I can watch the rest with dying. To late!! 🤣🤣🤣
Seán: who did it better? Sonic or Ja-

Me: Seán!
Jack always does it BETTER
Can we have a standing ovation for Robin's editing skills, the man is on fire!
Ever time i Watch you i can’t help but smile thank you Jack your amazing ❤️
AAH- WHY Y SAY SYRINGE??? omg you even- AAAHH
Sean: "Who did it better?"

Me without thinking: Sean
Sean you did way better
1:20
Youtube: How many memes are gonna be there?

Jack: YES
Hi Jack you rolbox are see tem Jackeptieye
Jack: I dont know what this *rubs face * has turned into






Me: A Gay Furry Hobo
XD
If I ever became a president...

People that nominate me: so Hartsfield, what do you want in our kingdom of the United..Ness..? 

Me: the right to put a drinking contest in the Olympics.

People that nominate me: oh..uh..Why?

Me: because Jack told me to. And I can't not listen to jackspedicey
Is Jack's hair Gray!?!?
jack: "The cure of all of our problems" 
jack: *smacks white board*
me: MEMES
Its monday: WE HAVE MEME/VINE DAY NOW SOOOO YEA
Someone please gif the “a meme a day keeps the sadness away. Goodbye” quote. I need it
Why do look like a Viking lol just started watching your vids again and I was so confused😂
Says this is how I hold a PlayStation controller holds upside down
My
Extremely
Masculine
Energy

By" jacksepticeye how did we get here liveshow comedy world tour" not sponsored by"coca cola zero sugar same great,coke taste now with a hint of added vanilla"
Jack: Every body sitting at home?
Me: I was actually sitting earlier but now I'm just walking getting something to eat
When did you get that haircut because I have a watching your videos in a long time
Jack:  where do u live?
me: the place u are from
Eventually Red Lamp is going to knock itself over just so it's Dad will love it again
I’ve been away for too long, what is that hair?
Why did that intro surprising sound like noot noots intro lmao XD
Its so cool that Jack uses Beats Studio 3s
Eventually jacks just gonna let his hair get super long and he'll turn into jesus
jacks better than sonic
Jack I picked you jack
Hey Sean you have to watch 7 girls in beat saber its amazing
* sonic gets spotted by human *   uhhhhh...   HaMbUrGuR
Jack: "Suckin' di-" (14:17)
Me: wanna finish that statement?
Omg I come back after a year of not  watching Jack AND HES A LUMBERJACK NOW :0
Inhale the memes, exhale the memes, insert the memes into my bloodstream
Jack we all love your hair, please never stop growing it. It’s a very Gaelic gladiator thing to do
14:43 Wait he had two green screens the whole time?
Jackseption
You should be glad that they stole your idea after all last time they had an idea they made... That thing
Sanic
Jack is best
sean: a meme a day keeps the sadness away

me: watches hours of memes dang not enough
I love you Robin, keep up the amazing work.
Wow you look like a new guy with your beard and hair

(I haven't watched your vids since last year sorry)
9:16 "And I'm not Swedish; that's the worst part of all. Sorry, Robin" Considering that edit, I think you're even now :P
I have a theory 




Jack if sonic
I know crazy right
Gaurintee any Scottish person could out drink any Irish person
Jack you look like kamski...you know from Detroit:become human!?








{You should play daysgone :3}
Jack: it’s meme time it’s meme time the only cure to sadness.

Me: all of your videos make me happy so I think there is more than one kind of cure
4:50 what about the whiteboard??


R.I.P.
whiteboard


Cause of death,
beaten the crap out of by an irishman.
Sonic and jack=sack
The gray streaks in your hair really look great! :D 
Instead of gray hair, I get no hair.. so.. you know..
LAUGH at the MEME.
Coke zero, same great coke taste with zero sugar, we've seen vanilla, but have u seen orange vanilla!? Lol
Dude clicked when no views  and no likes







Checkmate dudes.
u look great!
🤗🤗🤗
Jack: "Am I a joke to you?"
Me: yes ._.
“If you don’t need memes then you wouldn’t be watching the video”
Jack do you like the sonic design?
I feel bad for Red Lamp being left out like that on 10:28

Can we get 100K likes to raise awareness for neglected Red Lamps?

Edit: 
You're not wrong about memes being a cure for sadness, buuuuut.......
My BFF (who I haven't heard from in over a year) texted me on my birthday.
After I cried for 30-45 minutes to a song that reminded me of the break in our friendship.
I saw some inVINCEible!😂
Your not a jock your THE AMAZING GAELIC GLADIATOR
My
Extremely
Masculine
Erection!

MEME!
M - My
E - Extremely
M - Massive
E - Erection
Your hair looks like Elijah kamski from Detroit become human
Normal people: Wonder if we can put them at a bit of a delay 
People who rap: Wounderifwecanputthematabitofa delay
We protec
We attac
We want our screaming cowboys bacc
Jack, you did it better.
The Sonic Movie keeps getting worse and worse and the Detective Pikachu Movie keeps getting better and better. Nintendo over Sega, perfectly unbalanced, as all things should be.
Jack! What have you done?! They are going to use that footage now! And make you eat corn or something! Lol😂
Sonic picks me barf you don’t sooo I pick you jack.😁
"There's a bright center of the universe and it's just you and a pile of glowing memes"  -Bryan D
meme time is more cringe meme review
Good job robin thanks to your editing i now have the suden urge to make these lamps into characters of a comic🤣
For your information Jack I live in Florida Port St Lucie
His green screen secretly comes from the top not the bottom and when you think he’s pulling it out he’s actually putting it away
Jack how many lamps do you have?
everyone: *makes memes of blue lamp *
Red lamp: 13:53
I'm so confused. WHAT IS THE REAL BACKGROUND?
New meme....... depressed/vengeful red lamp
You're getting gray hairs, I'm getting gray hairs. Thirties soon, damn...
The old jack was better
It's MeMe time!
It's mEmE TiMe!
We're all here again!
It's MEmE time!
It's mEMe time!
The only cure for sadness!
Jack: "i'll keep all my emotions right here, then one day I'll die"
What Jack was thinking about in the picture: I wonder what I'm going to play next.
a really good vid by the best irish youtuber!
I just watched Detective Pikachu a couple days ago it was so good  😊
12:52 If Jack vs White Board was an anime.
I almost thought Jack was gonna rant about the thumbnail, but it ended up being a meme video. Looks can be deceiving
sonic did it better
sonic did it better.
That's just called heroin jack
What 😦  I just got back to watching you what you took out the hair dye and grew a beard!!!  Damn  he still look good maybe even better
Love the ponytail 👌🏻
since when you do meme reviews?
First!



To like my comments 😔
Jacksepticeye: memes the only cure for sadness.





Me: thank you Jack😊
Is his hair gray 🤭
Jack's a barbarian now
8:15 he isn’t rap god he’s rap universe!
"its becomes its own character" here comes jack lamp-chan, and lamp-chan x Jack fan art xD
Jack is going to look like zz top




Look at his beard!
Man it's been a long time since I seen one of jacks video, love the hair👍
First thing i notice:
Hes wearing a pink ponytail
The pokemon story stole my idea
YOU'RE THE BOSS ROBIN! BEST EDITOR OF ALL TIME
Jack: 14:14
Me: Subscribes
every time I come back from schoolwork to catch up on your channel you look more and more like a Viking
Are you the guy who nucked Hooe county in Farcry 5.😁
Jack i sware YOU ARE A MEME ani i love it
Life Is Strange 2 Episode 3 out now Jack!
ayy jack don't forget the red lamp poor red lamp at least get him ice cream
With that hair that you got going on, you're a joke to me 😂 
You remind me of Sokka lmfao
I loved detective pikachu XD it was so good
And I'm not Swedish, it's the worst!!!!!... Sorry robin 😅 -Jack 2019
Aww poor robin ❤️
I have a theory,








Jack actually has more whiteboards and each one has a diffrent Jack moto,
I know,
MIND BLOWING
"This is doubly funny"
~Psychotic guy on the internet
At 5:30 what did I get? Pepsi Max ad. Coincidence? I THINK NOT!!!
No its not the cure to sadness memes ARE sadness
May I ask.... WHAT DA HAIR DO, YOU IS NOT MY P.E TEACHER BECAUSE YOU GOT THE SAME HAIRSTYLE AS MR. REX MY P.E TEACHER
Eating corn on the cob 🤜🏼🤛🏻
Brushing my teeth 🤜🏼🤛🏻
Sucking di- ✋🏻👃🏻🤚🏻
Where does everyone live I live 123 plygrund strt (GTA 5 joke)
14:43 Hi Anti 😏😏😏😏
If this cures May depresion like JFHV then il be teling May doctor and pshicatrist tha I found a cure for super depresion

Edit: I live in 
C. slovenia 
C. Škofja Loka


Edit2: I wanted to say I khnow WHY this video got strike But it got claimed soo
Slap May nuts
I actually needed this XD
Every year I work at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, the last two years Coke Zero have been there giving out tiny coke cans. This year, every day I get a can, I'm going to tell them to sponsor you. EVERY TIME.
11:59
Coke sponsorship: Yes.....
Obviously in that picture you're sitting there thinking "why is this window on the floor?!..... why am I on the floor?!"
I would win the not talk to your parents challenge because


My parents are dead
I live in West Chester Ohio, if you're asking
Jack slowly starts looking like the new aquaman
I tihnk the slap shop edit was inspierd by the latino spanish dub lamao
SAVE THE MEMES!!!!!
Sonic in thenew movie is ducking thicc
8:00
You know you've watched too much Jacksepticeye if you understand it the first time
I live in 6 young court Rokeby Hobart Tasmania Australia
Hey Jack, is your hair turning grey from all those stressful memes?
Sup jack I am Irish I just found out AND IT'S 2019
By this point Coca-Cola is getting free advertisement
YouTube: Video got copyright claimed by Coca-Cola ™ because you said too many "Coca-Cola same great coke taste without sugar with an glimpse of added vanilla" sorry Jacksepticeye but you have to reupload your video.

-Team Youtube.

-Samantha


And love your red lamp
great ending to the video just walk into the green screen...😂😂😂
Oh my god I just realized that Sonic has a butt lmao
Sonic oh yeah yeah
Excuse you who abuses that whiteboard every day Mr No-tolerance-for-violence
It's Reupload time, it's reupload time   OH YEA!!! LOL
Jacks intro: every 12-19 year old
Still rocking the ponytail
I live on earth 🌍 thank u
"I love you, Jeff goldblum. Please, have my babies." -jacksepticeye 2019
Jack : straight for work. 

Me: I wonder what is he after work. ;)
The Most Liked Comment On YT Is Kill Yourself... That Means There Are More Happy Lives Saved In This World... Cause The Sad People Killed     (￣ω￣)
WHERES SALLY FACE?!?!? THAT WAS MY FAVORITE SERIES!!!
Dude I passed out from the ma'am this is a Wendys drive thru
Start your own movie 
They clearly stole your idea...




call your movie:
Me: **SEES JACK LIFT SOMETHING AND IT'S A ROOM BEHIND IT**
Jack: Am I Just A JOKE TO YOU??
Me: THE WHITEBOARD AND LIGHTS WERE FAAAAAKE???
Hey Sonic why you steal his idea hmmm?!
Hey jackaboy know your channel awhile love your vids try to watch them I’m sick rn so it stinks but i still watch you and rn you are curing my depression as well your amazing,kind and awesome so thank you also LAUGH! Long and always👍🏻💎✌🏻💙👋
You should watch Squish that cat
Jack did it better
Things I don't have 
A life 
Time for myself 
A collage degree
A house of my own 



Things Jack doesn't have 
A coke sponsorship
you might become famuos for the real person aslo sonic
Me: missed the bus  and see that intro
Jacksepticeye🙏thegametheorists
Not getting a sponsorship from Coca-Cola
Jack: cola why are you never sponsoring me?!
Me: reporting coca-cola on Twitter 700 times for not sponsoring Jack, i think Twitter be seing my name waaaayyy to much
Do you have 90 mins to talk about our lord and savor Jacksepticeye
This is where I live     high way M in Missouri
Is abt to like this a million times!! 😁

YES!!!!!!!
Sean: I Dont know how to end the video
My Brain: Thank you so much for watching this video. If you liked it, punch the like button in the face LIKE A BOSS, and high fives all around. Wapoosh, wapoosh, but thank you guys and i'll see all you dudes, IN THE NEXT VIDEO
Me: Bah.
Jacksepticeye
You look a bit young
" My extrem masculine Energy " 
Oooohhh so that is what MEME really meant all the time
I live at 420 bossway dr
Jack of course I’ll pick you then sonic
Hello and welcome to... Discount MEME REVIEW
They copyright claimed the original video





TIME TO COPYRIGHT CLAIM THE WHOLE DAMN MOVIE!!!!
COME ON WHOS WITH ME
Jacksepticeye: Claims memes are the cure to sadness
My depressed self: Watching any Jacksepticeye video
My depression: Gone
Ottumwa, Iowa, USA  Hi Jack!
Inhale the memes 
Exhale the memes 
Inject the memes into my bloodstream 
There are good memes 
And there are bad memes 
Why has god abandoned us?
I died laughing at the speed one XD
Lol u just made a green version of meme review I still love u tho
Quick, someone meme the red light to make it feel included!!!
OMG you look so different
I love the sonic design
Meme is cool what about LAUGH
Sonic stole the idea: SPEED IS KEY!!!!
Can we copystrike Sonic?
I'm drinking water! 😭
not to be mean Jack, but I like your other hairstyle better <3 your vids tho :P
Remember, 





One meme a day keeps a doctor away.
meme
rememe
Jack episode 3 on life is strange 2 is out
You did it better
Jack wins over sonic
in the first picture sonic only has 1 and a half legs
How did you get a beard and a ponytail you look like a hippy😂😂😂

Srry but i havent seen you in a while
M-my
E-extremely
M-masculine 
E-energy 

iM sO aLpHa~
Neither sanic did it better
14:11
Jack 2019
ahahaha the beating a dead horse gif made me laugh so hard
0:02 meme 100
If the button is gray you don’t like jacksepticeye
🔽
NYEHEHEHEH TOP OF THE MORNIN TO YA MY SKELEBRO, I AM THE GREAT AND GLITCHY PAPYRUS, I HOPE WE GET TO MEET AT VIDCON AT SOMEPOINT, NYEHEHEH!!
I had to re-home my cat and I have been crying for hours and I really needed this. Thank you Sean ♥️
At 2:20 “I am Irish, and Irish people, they don't tell you a thing, Irish people keep it so bottled up Like you know, the plan with Irish people is like, "I'll keep all my emotions right here...and then one day I'll die." was all I could think of as he was talking. Ah John Mulaney...
Im on my moms phone and WHAT DID THEY DO TO SONIC💔💔💔💔💔💔😮😮😮😮😮
Jack: We have 0 tolerance for violence
Anti: And this all started after I tried to murder him...
10:42 *for the damaged starts playing...
11:30 A mash between Elijah Kamski  and Hank Anderson?
How did you do that🤷🏻‍♂️
Plz jack don't do this im a sonic fan
Look at Robin, gettin ahead of the meme game with the red lamp 😁👍
I’m getting a lawyer! Lol
Will you be playing last of us 2 when it comes out
ATTENTION!!!!!




Thanks for paying attention
I lived near it too! But I moved away
Jack everyone is waiting for you to make a video on Life is Strange 2 episode 3! Daniel and Sean need you to guide them!
Let's justAct like the meme time didn't happen and get his old intro back
Robin has the best edits.
Sonics picture is better
1:08 Sonic's hands look more realistic than me finding love I-
Don’t worry my memes are so outdated that I still make memes about do you know the way. They are as old as ms dos 1.0 in the memes world.
Meme review
Jacksepticeye rules! Definitely jack
He so happy now <3
"meme time- the only cure for sadness!"





ur my cure for sadness 
Robin... You did it again you genius
Jack looks creepy now
Sonic was bad you're better
well since this was copystriked 



jack: 

copystrikers: "can we like copystrike this guy like right now"
GUYS WE NEED TO MAKE MORE MEMES ABOUT THE RED LAMP, WE ARE NOT HELPING IT’S DEPRESSION
I  L I V E  I N  H E L L .
My new haircut is so much like ours! I’ve just realised this!!!!!
Jack: Say it with me! StRaIgHt! FuCkInG! WaTeR!

Me: StRaIgHt! FuCkInG! WaTeR!

Mom:  WHAT THE FUC U SAY?!

(Thanks jack you got me in trouble😂❤️)
i pick jack
Jack here is how you end the video: Thank you guys so much for watching the video. If you liked it punch that like button, in the face, LIKE A BOSS! And I will see all you dudes, IN THE NEXT VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I miss the ‘top of the morning to you laddies’ :C anyone k ow what happened to it?
1:30 lol my favourite part
Thanks for the memery.
100% jack all the way
When he looked at wonderifwecoylfputematalittlebitofa delay, I put it on .25 speed and I still could not understand
When are you gonna do satisfaction
Jack you so did it better!!!!!
And I want your PMA sweatshirt I will get it soon
Poor Red lampy! 10:30 - 10:56
I can't breathe I'm laughing so hard! 
Cause of death: laughter 😂
Who's responsible: Robin's editing skills!!
Olympics: AAAANNNDD WELCOME THE IRISH! 

Jack: AlRiGhT let’s do this!

Olympics: THEY’RE HERE FOR WOORRRLLLLLDDDSSS LLOOOONNNGGGGGEEESSSTTT DRINKERSSSSS
I think red lamp is secretly in love with blue lamp.
...jack...I-Is that.....is that a-a man pony tail!?!?! No no no no jack no PLEASE NO
Jack:”🎵The only cute for sadness :)🎵”
Me: “H... how did... never mind. Thank you
Felix: MeME reViEw/LwAiY
Sean: Its MemE TiMe iTs MeME TiMe
Thans almost made me wet myself, I was laughing so hard 😆😂🤣
JSE IT SANNOS NOT THANS!
Your videos are getting more and more entertaining.
0:30 
Did anybody else say where they lived out loud? Just me? Okay...
;-; i will take red lamp to universal studios with fastpasses for everything
I’ve been subscribed for I think 5 years now
This made me happy thankyou!
You can only review memes  if you host  meme review ;)
The first meme Sonic and Jack I pick Jack
Jacksepticeye : we don't tolerate violence here

The light he abused in the background : AM I A JOKE TO YOU
Im not buying coke until he gets his sponsorship
Memes and jacksepticeye= best combo
Jack looks like kamsky from Detroit become human
Meme clap time clap
It's ok Sean, we all know your going through your hipster phase. It will be ok.




(This is a joke ok people)
Jack how dare you forget about lamp2
The biggest joke ever 🤣🤣🤣
mow subnautica below zero?
The reason coke didn't sponsor you is because you plug them either way
brushing my teeth, sucking di-coca cola zero sugar same great taste with added vanilla
All i talk about is undertale and mEmEs
RIP Jack got dissed by an interviewer at Sean's bar for a weather report.
Technically your on my screen
Jack pls change face when you played undertale
Robin's editing is beautiful 👌 that man is a treasure
Jack wins
we also need animé
poor red lamp don't worry I still love you <3
Anyone else noticing how jack is starting to look like Baldur from God of War.
👏🏻MEME 👏🏻REVIEW oh wait wrong show.
This does put a good time in my birds that are singing
Jack I just watch you and im happy
Do a video with finn balor
Jack: sonic stole my image 
Paramount: let’s steal people’s childhood
1:17 The real question is where the hell is sonic's left leg
I love how over the many years I've been watching (since your FNAF 1 video) you are basically the same dude, same morals... with douchier hair.
this is meme review 2 lol
With each day passing, he looks more and more like Jason Mamoa
What? Wasn’t this already posted once?😂💚
0:02 meme 100
My Extremely Massive Erection
My
Emo
Mom
Energy
I have 90 minutes. AND a thirst for joy.
i pick jackaboy insted of sonic
sonic has speed
jack has MEME POWER!
1:ur beard is such floof 
2: we're you about to make a joke about how people think ur gay?
Sonic the hedgehog.
Jack the eye.
when will you come to indonesia QAQ
i'm sorry i wish i could come to your tour, keep up the great work!
Damn, jack is flexing that beard on us we can not even get close to the magnificence of that beard, even god was impressed when he saw jack's beard because it is so glorious
F in the chat for jackaboys broken lamp
Do more satisfactory please
I ship it shea and sonic shanic
1:32

Straight for work...

Hah! @ChickFilA
8:00 8:02 he will be the next eminem
If Jack got a Coke sponsorship and NOT MatPat, I would be soooo offended!
Rip jack with green hair
You look like Aquaman without the powers and muscles
jack:i'm a viking
also jack:irish people are basicly pirates



first watch his last beat saber video and then you wil get (understand) the joke
I swear😂😂 at 4:17 I had a coughing fit😂😂😂😂 not only because I am sick but laughing at the same time not the best thing in the world 😂😂😂😂 still dying omg😂😂😂
I love jack and I've been here since the beginning but he has changed
I like your haircut jack 👌😁
Jack is the best i pick
R.I.P Perfect Scream meme
I wish we could keep it but then the video is gonna get copyrighted again. 

Thanks for the re-upload Jack! ❤️
The whole time I watched this my phone was at 69%............ I'm so immuture.
JACK YOU ARE THE BEST SONIC SUX
"Im taking my nuts and going home"
I vote: jack - not you sonic!
8:58 Now I know why Felix fixed his camera.
my boi, are you getting grey hairs?
memes are the only living things that will not die (even thoe hundreds of them died allready) BUT THATS NOT THE POINT
9:03 Nice trick but you pulled the green screen up jackieboi
I prefer peanuts to be slapped not any other nut
11:29 you're now a GAELIC GLADIATOR that still doesn't know what he is doing
Loving that sokka hair
Jack I puck that
0:18 uhhhh Sean? That’s not where the syringe goes...      





ITS WHERE THE KNIFE GOES
hearing jack saying my name is flattering but also uncomfortable
What if the red lamp is suddenly broken next time lmao
Nice hair jack I'm not being sarcastic I'm actually serious nice hair jack love it
Is it just me or does Sean has a unibrow
My boy...are you graying?
I can tell that Robin is trying to find any type of way to embarrass Jack
Jack Did it better than sonic XD
Sonic: ; ) mmlghgxhsbnsnnnwbsgx I'm seductively looking at u sled pdoekksdpem
Just please don't get a neckbeard like Pewds had lol
Makes me wonder where he was going to walk off to lol.
GUYS! What if this IS the Coke sponsorship and the idea was to make Jack beg for a coke sponsorship as the premise for it.
I live in a house
Me: 
Do what you want with your hair. Be the hair. Yes, Sean.

Also me:
I think jack stole meme review
Wtf Jack made a low key meme review?
The broken lamp is the more evolved
I was eating lucky charms while watching 🥣
Jack's hair combined with his personality is now starting to accumalate my dream man.
Jack does the look better. XD
0:28 i live on earth
Jack my fan
Play Life is Strange 2 episode 3
Now the question is, does he have dark mode on youtube?
also i spellt stuff wrong sorry
I GOT A FRICKING HORROR MOVIE AD
Jack is better
Who else didnt watch for afew months then see this hipster faze?




Lowkey loving it tho
ur the legend LIKE A BOSS!!!!!
Jack, I am loving this hairstyle. You kinda look like Elder Maxson from Fallout 4.
i think you mean bonic because that boi is not sonic
Wait blue lamp red lamp black wall...Darkiplier?
My
Extremely
Massive
Erection

That’s just what I thought when I saw it 🤷‍♂️
I'm the royale chicken nuggett
I haven't watched even 1 minute of the video and its good
Jack WAY Better pic
But I don’t like memes!
Jack stole my depression and threw it away
Jack is better
Its MEME-EN-TINE
You
i live in texas
Plz make a life is strange vid the episode just came out yesterday😭😢plz like for jack to see, thank yall
I just got a Pepsi ad before this video 😂
But what if a American stripper entered the not talking to your parents olympics
jack. i like jacks photo better
Jack did the picture better
i accidentally had the video on 1.25 speed and didnt even notice for a long time.


 I guess im used to that Jack screams and talks fast
Jack did better
"you love my nuts"
Itz mean time!
Vince make more edits
No one:

YouTube: Oh this is a copyright
Jackaboy did it better.
It’s meme time
They are mi-mis
Jackis always the best
Jack should get some braids in his beard. GAELIC GLADIATOR
13:55 I just noticed that Jack has a pony-tail...

Sorry Jack!!!
Ja- wait, sonic
HENTAI HAVEN IS BACK!!!
when ur boss is a homophobe: straight for work
nat sponsored by coca cola zero sugar with a hint of vanilla.
I live in somewhere
MEMES
JACK WINS!!!!!
I choose jAck
Jack himself would be a better Sonic than Movie Sonic
M y
E rected 
M ini 
E rection
memes solve everything.
Please don't tell me the sonic design was your idea
14:19 Demonetization has joined the chat
Make this blue if you think
👇JACKS THE BEST
     YOUTUBER EVER❤️😊
jack vs sonic i pic jack
Sonic and jack photo hmmm soooonjacksepticeye
COME BACK TOO IRELAND UR THE KEY TO GETTING ARE SIX COUNTIES BACK
Meme review: the knockoff.
Actually Czechia/Czech Republic holds the title of the country that drinks the most alcohol, their leader has even shown up drunk to meeting
I also know that nobody will care about this comment
Hey jack are you gonna shave ur beard?
Time for the hahas
Jack sonics just weird
You did it better
Listen Jack it's okay you don't have your Coca-Cola sponsorship but you do have Vince's nuts
Jack wins over sonic
I live in OHIO NOT INDIANA JACK!
you totally pulled off the pose way better then sonic jack a boy sonic is just a copy catting hedgehog ... I lovez your channel ❤️
Play life is strange 2 ep3!!!
Yes u did it and ur great
It's bean time!!!!!
Wow the way sonic is looking at me i must have him now.
Ohh how my dad has changed
XDD omg I started dying when Jack was roasting Pewdipie. XDD 

I’m so done. I flipping love you Sean.
Remember that when jack had green hair
Is that a ponytail I see??
To be onest I didn't know this was a meme video.
Play the new Life Is Strange 2 episode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jacks picture is BETTER than Sonic's picture PS: Jack your my favourite youtuber 😁😁😁😁
14:17 what did you say
I ordered a whiskey not a delay
Just by the song the video is gonna awesome
We also need TABS
Can we just sit back and appreciate Robin's editing skills 😂😂
He sounds more serious to LLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLL
I am from Mississippi and went to Ireland for spring break and saw the pub then we went to scotland
0:33 haha machiengun kelly
Jake did it better
This video should be called: "jacksepticeye hosts meme review"




okay... you clicked "Read more" i... i just don't know why you did that, but ok.
I mean... you're still reading this, right?
uh...
hi...?
ok...
Jack had a sentence so long that an ad started playing
Jack are you God?
How is he so adorable
I live in Canada...why?
They may have copied your idea but they can never copy your true love Jack, coke 0 sugar with a hint of vanilla with the same great taste
LAUGH to MEME
1 like = 1 prayer 
For red lamp
you have one ball?
You should play another game of fortnight
I have a meme idea . . .

So, all Canadians are friendly and polite, you say? 
[Picture of a Canadian Goose]
You look like more and more viking everyday Jack!
I just he looks like my boi Gavin from DBH
You got so old
I live in darkness
Sean:  WE HATE PHYSICAL VIOLENCE 

Blue Lamp: its okay... he needs the Adsense
MEME TIME = BEST TIME
STRAIGHT FOR WORK, HUH?
Sonic has small arms and thicc legs
someone hug that red lamp!
An Irish Australian is the ultimate drinker.
Jack not sonic
Jack won the pic
what is the original video at 7:59?
Jacky is better
Séan:who did it better sonic or jack

Me: JACKABOYYYYY!!!!!!!😆😆😆
WAIT NOOOOOOO ARE THOSE WHITE HAIRS JACK NOOOOOOO
Jack is better
Hey Jack life is strange 2 episode 3 is out I hope to see you play it
The start already make me happy lol
Jack: Am I a joke to you? Is this funny?

Me: well your Irish, your supposed to be funny 😂
I saw detective pikachu yesterday
Jack make your hair green again
5:26

Jesus Christ.
lowkey wanna see the white board go flying at him outta nowhere in one of these videos ngl😂😭❤️
Why does Jackspedicey looks like Kamski from Detroit Become Human
Jacks photo is better
The party was wonderful jack
Why didn't you make more anti vid
Jack did it better
F to pay respect for those who have lost the like from Jack on their comment.
Edit: F to pay respect for the one who edit the AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH video, it have been took down from this video.
It would be nice to see you Dye your all of your hair but do a dark green.🙂
Can i get some LÖPS
LAUGH
MEME
To cure my sadness I usually smash my head off the wall a good few times, but the memes help as well (:
Jack looks like the Father from Far Cry 5!
Sonic
Well us Alaskans hold the record for most alcohol consumption in America
Rescue red lamps today all we need is it to also break
You did it better dude!!you did it like a boss😃😃😃😃☘️☘️☘️☘️😆
Listen to the “delay” part on any speed it’s beautiful
I choose jack sonic sucks
Ur hair in a meme
1.i would pick jack
“My Extremely Masculine Energy”
-MEME Jacksepticeye 2019
Lit new intro.
I like the ponytail. Actually really cool 😎
Get your old hair back
meme you are an old man  because  you have a beard
Me- Irish German French Russian 
Jack- Irish
FIGHT MEH JACK!
Jack you look like the guy off far cry five 🙂
I live in a house
Jackaboy was better than sonic
Oh god i leave for 4 years and he has his hair in a pony tail
Yo jackiboy, you mentioned free whiskey and fun laughs.... now the laughs are here but where's the whiskey-

..Now don't ask for my ID that's not important here xD
Have a good day anyways :p
11:28 you are beautiful the way you are Sean. -from ya boi, Nicholas Borg
JACK DID IT BETTER😂😂😂 I love you ❤️😂
wonderifwecanputthisonalittlebitofa delay
Lauch vs memes
I watched the earlier copyrighted video and I'm glad I made it 😎 The clip with Jack screaming edited onto the cowboy screaming 'song' is the greatest thing I have ever seen 🤣
~ "Meme a day keeps the sadness away"
The Red lamp is going to Anakin Skywalker you and everyone that you love
Tennessee Washington county
You have gray hair 😂😂
Hey jack a boy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The first time I can happily say that IVE SEEN THE ORIGINAL BEFORE IT WAS CLAIMED :D
Sean: slaps whiteboard LAUGH
Whiteboard: slaps sean SPONSORSHIPS FROM THAT SAME GREAT COKE TASTE NOW WITH ZERO SUGGED AND AN ADDED HIMT OF DELICIOUS VANILLA THAT YOU WILL NEVER HAVE
Hi Joseph seed
M E M E   T I M E!!!!
Jack did it better of the pic, they couldn’t even make sonic look like the original like he was meant to be
Wait didnt jack upload this earlier?
Justice for red lamp
Meme time is jack’s meme review.
(Jack)1st.     (Sonic)2nd.
Is your lamp still broken?
anyone else waiting for jack to upload gameplay of episode 3 life is strange 2?
Why do you have a ponytail jack
Who looks better Hmm.... JACK
8:02 Watch at 2x speed
I got a Pepsi add
Damnit, I love Robin's editing! XD
It makes Jack's videos just so much better. Please never stop <3
11:30 ...and WHEN is that phase over?!
I havent watched Jack since he had his green hair, oh how he has changed...
Ur coke sponser ship dosent exest
Love that lil low pony tail...
Damn jack looks like real viking these days. He looks like Floki from the tv show vikings.
I chose jack regardless
jakseptiky
supposedly there are more germs in facial hair than on a toilet seat
I was having a bad day but then i started watching this
11:32 YOULOOKLIKEAVIKINGINTHATFASE... delay
He has a vovie crack when he says viens
You’re such an old man now haha ly
Why ponytail🤔🤔🤔🤔
It's your life now there's no turning back jack
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out play now
I live somewhere
Jack did it better
Jack did it better
Doctor: you need a medicine for depression.  
Me:I only need memes
Jack cut the beard put green dye on your hair again i miss your old self
Straight for work. After work it’s fair game.
15:31 jaaack did you fart 7-7
I miss the old Jackie boy
He’s keeping the hair under control. I’m thoroughly  impressed
I went to the show and bought a hat but I lost it and cried
I went and watched Detective Pikachu because of your recommendations and "humble brags" and I loved it so much. I'm going to see it again with my brothers when I go home this weekend!
You are the god
First, we had a boy with no idea what he's doing. Then, we had a man with no idea what he's doing. 
Now? We have a MASSIVE GAELIC WARRIOR!!!!

...Who has no idea what he's doing.
Blue light: I wanna go on a road trip 

Jack: okay! but I am only doing this because I said it in a video

Red light:......... wut about me😭😭😭

Jack:(completely ignores it)
What do you meme jack
Dislikes:666 
WHAT DOES THIS MEANS?
i watch memes to cure my depression... i hate it when people say i cry to much
I wilk pic jack
Oh shit!Was watching this on 360p...Though it was 720p!!!
Jackaboy
You got a point at the end: a meme a day keeps the sadness away. Memes do keep me from feeling depressed. Maybe not all the time, but most of the time. Heehee.
You look better
What happened to Green hair Jack 😢
Jack: Welcome back to some more memes! The only cure to our problems!
Me: ... Incorrect!
Jack: What?
Me: Your videos, and really you, are the cure to mine! I'm angry? Jacksepticeye! I'm sad? Jacksepticeye! I have to run a mile? Don't ask how, but Jacksepticeye!
Jack: ...
Me:  You're just that amazing! As an award, 
Jack: Huh?
Me: A sword powered by PMA! The Jacksepticsword!
Jack: Okay!
Me: 
3:38 I need a link, or download for that
The slap-chop edit, I found the original and apparently “kids love my nuts” is not an edit
You look like an epic Viking.
Yes we are
Can you not curse Jack I still love you!!!
I ,love ur vids pls shout  me out
What  was that  0:09😂🤣
The Irish are just alcohol junkies
RIP red lamp😔

One like= one prayer
Thank you Robin for the squeaky toy sound effects.  I will now be requiring they accompany all Jacksepticeye movements from now on.
Um a lot of people use that thing
I live at 15 Riverdale Lane
When’s the next vid for ep 3 of life is strange coming out?
Me and my friend Hannah were die laughing at a Minecraft Pope today and we couldn't stop laughing at it.😂😂😂😂
I choose jackoboy
I love the hair jack and like a BOSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!
Im in seans bar watching this beside the castle
I vote JACK
OK this is my remix of Jack singing meme time
I'M GONNA TAKE MY MEME TO THE OLD TIME RODE I'M GONNA MEME TILL I CAN'T MEME MORE (ye right) I'M GONNA TAKE MY MEME TO THE OLD TOWN RODE I'M GONNA MEME TILL I CAN'T NO MORE (YE RIGHT)
NO I LIKED THE GREEN HAIR BETTER GREEN HAIR BACK PLES
Is Jack turning gray...?
I liked you better with the beard shaved, but you still look great!!
0:48 Urek, is dat u? XD
Ireland, Ireland,
Together standing tall,
Shoulder to shoulder, 
We'll anwser Irelands call,
We'll Anwser Irelands call,

😇😂😂😂😂
JACK
Jack is better
i cant say bad words (Sorry i needed to edit) 1:44
CUT YOUR HAIR GODAMNIT
Sean: sugusts he looks homeless  
Me: it's a family! oldest Sean is the baby , green haired Sean is a teen ,  no more green haired Sean Is the adult, and this Sean is the homeless grandpa who drank to much so he lost all this money.
Sean: Get out of my                           Face.
Ireland vs Australia who can drink more
I thot you lived in house
Yes Jack we have 90 minutes just upload a vid pleeeaaase
Any plans on playing Life is Strange 2 ep3?
12:40 you sound like rocket 😂
10:56 I feel bad for the red light
Checkmate, atheists
These are just so delightful
You know your early when there’s 43 comments 250 likes and NO VIEWS!!!!
Haha and then there's the memes that make depression worse
Jack you did it better
pewsepticplierTDM
Reupload....








Oof
Jack you are strting to look like joseph seed from far cry
I would love to visit Ireland and to see Sean one day.
U forget ur intro???????
Poor red lamp
who did it better jack or sonic?
me: JONIC!!!
Meep
I do not enjoy jack’s face at the moment
Dont do tunnels youl regret it when your old..
I vote for jack
Hey jack life is strange 2 episode 3 just came out today im just hoping your doing a video on it already. Love the series of it really.
is he....graying?
Jack is better than sonic
5:27-5:36
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Jack!!!
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out jack.
Im a bit Irish
sonic
Anyone from Scotland
I say team jack
jack
jack you did better and sonic hates you so he stole you idea
13:44 Ok, I’m gonna leave this episode here.
What about depression
This isn't how I suck di- 
BRO WHAT LMAO
I wouldn’t say stolen more like similar to it
This is the first of Jack's vid I've seen in 2-3 years or seem him at all for that matter, and Im suprised to know we both individually went with the same hairstyle without knowing XD
I LONE sins!!!
jack, i got reddit literally a week ago and immediately looked for a night mode
Red lamp doesn’t even have a face but I can tell it’s so done with Jack.
I like your videos Jacksepticeye
I'm confused. Does Jack have a green screen or no?
Wow sure it did
OKAY I'VE BEEN WATCHING HIM FOR THE LONGEST FRIGGIN TIME... when did he start streatching his ears? Why am I just now noticing? I feel like my entire life is a lie.. 😭😭😭
Uh, ma’am? This is a Wendy’s drive-thru.
Jack is better
Jack😎
wow i got you mixed with my grandpa ?
I saved yo memes jack
Red lamp : WHYYYYYYYY MMMMMMMEEEEEE WHYYY JACK 😭 Blue lamp: iz lovez youz jackz
Someone said "Free whisky"...I live in northern Greenland and I heard that. You happen to have some 10yo smoked Laphroaig by any chance?
I lost the ability to control my body when Jacks Barbie Face was on him pointing to “I’m a Barbie girl”. My cat looked at me as if I was insane I was cackleing
Did it come out?
Sonic
it look like you have grey hair
this was made 3 days before my birth day
Jack
Jack
ITS THE MAN, THE MYTH, THE LEGEND, AND GAELIC GLADIATOR, JACKABOY!! 

OHHHHH YEEEAAAAAHHHH
3:31 finally I told you to watch this so much. Probably wasn’t even my comment you saw but whatever lol
Who going to be here before one million views
I mean... yeah, I do think it is time for the funny haha's
I need my LAUGH back!
I'm so glad my suggestion for a Photoshop image of Jack+ Barbie made it to meme level. I'm so proud 😎😁🤣
Jack did better
Jack did better
sonic did better
I live in 16___ N El Mirage Ln Surprise, Arizona 8_3___
11:28 "And now I've turned into whatever this is" Same great Irish face but bearded, now with a hint of added ponytail? :)
Jack
Jack
r.i.p. red lamp
Jack!! Can u play life is strange 2 ep 3 plzz!! It already came out
Not enough memes in this one
At 11:48 it was the second answere
Don’t anyone else think he looks like hiccups brother from how to train your dragon?
jacksepticeyes meme reveiw
"A meme a day keeps the sadness away"
Well that's true, but a Jacksepticeye video a day saves lives, brings joy, laughs and happiness, the chances of you seeing this comment are really low but, just wanted to tell you how much we love you, all of us, all of your fans, and to tell you to keep up the amazing work, keep up bringing happiness and laughs to everybody, you are amazing, keep the good work 💚
Do life is strange 2 please
11:30  ...and WHEN is that phase over?!
You all THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
can we get an F for the poor red lamp
Re-upload? Anyway Yay! More Jacksepticeye! ILYSM❤️❤️❤️❤️
14:12
I haven't watched him in a long time and now I look at him and I think wow what happened
I live at home
What the actual HELL happened to ur hair!!!!?!?!?
Hey jack thx for the grait video. I had a bad day at school today and you cured my sadness☺
I live in my house
why do you look like Sokka wiht a scruffy beard?
Aw I miss Felix’s old decorated office
I also have plugs but I am stretching out my ears
Bur I remember when this guy was only at a million subs and used to like in a cabin and ware that grandpa hat 


Who else remembers them days
Do you remember Ban and Ed
Jeff
i pick Sean
Are we just gonna ignore the fact that jacks goin grey? .... ive been here since the cabin. I feel old
life is strange 2 episode 3 is out!!! you gonna play it?💜
I live in county Armagh
Is this krusty krrabs no this is patrick
Its irish mini
And a happy Mother's Day to mom septiceye
DONT YOU TRY TO SEDUCE ME YOU DEMON HEDGEHOG!!!




you can if you want to Sean.
We need red light and blue light lore
Straight for work.
Any notice Jack's hair is going grey
Just ffing flood the cola HQ with jacksepticeye fans
If this vid gets 500,000 likes take ur lamp  on a litteral tour and show it around the town. 
Love u <3 <3
Did he ask were I live? If he did then I live at home :)
7:21--If it were a reaction to Spider-Man, he'd point at you, and say, "Don't point at me." XD
Jake
Jack did better
my extreme masculine energy 
(grunts)
I miss green hair
jack did better
Surely this is a rip off of pewds
Jkjk
jack.... what did you do to your beard....... it looks awful
1 like = 1 prayer for mr. Red light xD
The red lamp 😰😰😰 he hates the red laaaaammmmpp !!!!!!!!!
T-Series uses sub bots
Jack did it better
Jack did it better
Jack did it better
Jack did it better
Poor red lamp😥😢😭😭😭
Did you hire anyone except for robin by now or are you still a one man band?
Oh boy meme time! My favorite show!
Jack I pick you
Trap Sonic Is best Sonic. Earring and Eye makeup. (hard pass on the Chest enhancements.) That is the best looking Sonic.
Jack a Boy’s picture is better
Jack: “And here on the JackSepticEye variety channel we have zero tolerance to violence.”

Blue light: “did you forget how I got broken?”
jack pls play life is strange 2 ep3. its out so pls play it jack
For the first question it is obviously sean
I thought he was gonna play a clip from gorn at 5:00
There were more gay jokes than usual this video
13:33 Subtle beating the dead horse there Robin 😉
Nani???
Jack did it better
Jack: "What if we made just a god-awful movie. Just the worst special effects you could ever imagine, but on a multi-million dollar budget. It's so bad that it will outrage fans and even people who aren't really into the movie's character. Not one of those, "So bad it's good" kind of movies, just a steaming pile of absolute trash."
If that was Jack's idea, then yes, they stole his idea.
Goes from scared boy to scared man that has no idea what there doing now scared viking that has no idea what there doing.
I just saw twitter and Ethan said that YOU stole his idea :P And then someone replied it that Ethan stole Mark's Idea :P I GUESS THE WAR HAS BEGAN!!!!
I VOTE JACK
Some how when you were doing the scared boy to man who does not know what he is doing pictures, you were comaring yourself to Aquaman.
Jack it's Lampy
Love for red light.
I would definitely vote for Jack's image because he had no CGI involved (i mean yeah the other was a movie but I mean, really?) and it was in much better quality.
jack did it better
jack did it better
JACK
Jacksoniceye
Re uploaded?
Obviously jack I better
Gray hair oh no
Jacks better
5:25 an absolutely flawless 10 seconds of an advertisement!
Hey, Jack.
I love your videos. And all my classmates in Germany love them too(And yes I' m from Germany).
Jacksepticeye hosts Meme review
Jack = not a F***IN joke you A**HOLES!
Suckin di-
like this video for red lamp
"If I can do it with one finger, you can do it with my nuts."
I'm definitely using that as a pickup line.
How can I send stuff to Jack. Like videos or links etc etc.
Jack
Jack
Jack
Since the last video got copyright claimed I will say this again. Make a MEME MONDAYS were you react to memes every monday
Jack
Jake
Damn dat Felix roast though!
Jack is nicer to that lamp than my dad is to me
For some reason I just turned off all the lamps in my house because I felt bad they had to work so hard. (10:30)
Coca cola zero suger with a hint of my nuts tastes great
Sucking di- 😂😂😂
Criiiiiiiiiiinge
*9:08
"& I'm not swedish, that's the worst part of all"
Smooth jack-a-boy -_-
Love ya videos!👍😁
I live in Larryville
I never like sonic movies
jack did it better
The Backround Is Fake Now
Me: whats going on
Connor dechart: hi, im crabby and you wanna know why..
Jack: stop making fun of me.. Is it because i hold stuff like a crab
Me:cut it out you two
JACK YOU WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👌👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Your hair is so cool :)
I live in a nightmare
it has been a year and his hair is different
WHERE DID THE PART OF THE SCREAMING CLIP GO SEAN??? WHERE’S THE BODY!?????
I have depression because someone close to me has just past and this cured me
Ok future video: try not to laugh if you laugh you have to shave your beard
The reason you aren't getting a coke sponsorship is because you already advertise coke in almost every video
No a-fens do what you want by all means
Hey Jack ninja is teaming up with red bull to take you down now. Watch your back. Is ninja really that desperate of winning?
Let’s sue Sonic
Jack your the cure for sadness
1:23 i thank jack did it better( i know i said thank but you get what i mean
I say jack
jack: sings an intro
day by dave: cracks knuckles
Dr strange made those rings
I'll pick Jackaboi over awful cgi sonic-2019 any day.
Asasen77 kill
*patiently waiting for that Life is strange2 episode3
Next jack is going to be the jackgod
Pizza
Sonic
Sims 4
The word serious does not fit you Jack 
and yes you are a Meme  to us
Sonic
M.E.M.E. =My Extremely Massive Erection
Meme
3:18 EARRAPE
Jacksepticeye: inject my meme into my veins 
Me: inhale the memes exhale the memes inject the meme into my bloodstream
And you stole pewdiepie’s idea.
Inhale the memes exhale the memes inject the memes into my bloodstream
Jack is better not Sonic stupid Sonic
1:19 jack did it better
JACK ok one on one here 
U want to do a meme review on felix’s channel 
And you have started to bring meme on to your channel ? 
Do you think if something were to “happen” to felix 
Would you take over meme review ? 🤔
Play fnaf again plz😐
Jack
Look at jack sportin' that classic man bun uwu the little irish bean has changed so much over the years lmao
Jack
These videos are so damn good I wish he made them every day to cure my extreme depression
Jack
Jack
Jack
what did the white board ever do to you
Reuploaded ??
you
I live in 818 brainer East
LAUGH!
jack
Jack: This is how I use a PlayStation controller.


Me: umm Jack thats a XBox controller.
Jack
Hi people scrooling the comments!! I see you scrooling while watch the vid, i just want to say that you're beautiful, be yourself and reach your dreams don't let anyone broke your dreams!!

Have a good day!!-
Sonic
Sonic
People made fun of how my hair looked today after putting paper in it, so this definitely made me feel better😋
Sonic
👏🏼meme👏🏼review👏🏼?👏🏼
I live in lreland
Sonic
Im proud to be one of the lucky few who got to see the AHHH before it was taken down due to copyright it really deserved that jacksepticeye salute!
Sonic
Sonic
Sonic
No.coke.sponsership. bo ya, that just happend, try me non sponsored Jack!!!
I just noticed how i've been watchting your channel for 4 years and i'm still here enjoying your content and watching every single video Love you jack❤                               Yeah i likes my own comment
Jack did it beter
9:24 Yeah, you're videos are always better well despite on my opinion from your videos and Felix's videos
wait why
the red lamp...
jack have you tried new coke zero? same great coke taste but no added sugar now with an added hint of vanilla
People who dislike this:meme are soooooooooooooooooooo old
Everyone else:the f**k
Jack
MEME (●´ω｀●)
That trim do
Play life is strange 2: episode 3
I pick jack  for  the great picture
@jacksepticeye i know you love your lamp jack, but haven't you considered how much pain it's in? you should get it fixed so both your lamps can be loved by everyone
why the ponytale
I am sorry you are a joke and my depression counselor.
"I'm really into this character arc."

Okay Joseph Seed.
jack should join pewds for meme review
sonic
Ейййй... Съсипаха я тая държава
What if you wanted to go to heaven, but Paramount said: Let’s give Sonic human teeth
I would love if there was a game where you're Jack and you have to escape a haunted house or something and the white board just comes and jump scares you. 😂😂😂
9:47 Watch, in the next few days this will be the new creepypasta
What happened to your hair
Get coke to sponsor you
JACK LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 IS OUT PLAY IT!!!!!!
You Jack
I made you a poem on Twitter I hope you like it 😁
3:33
Sooooooooo love isn't a cure to sadness
Can you please revisit Dying Light? That would be awesome!
Memse
im half irish
I really don’t like soda but just for Sean I would drink Coca-Cola Zero sugar but with the same great taste and a hint of vanilla
How long jack hair has been like that l dont like it
Me: you told us not to do drugs
Jack: INJECT THE MEMES INTO YOUR VEINS!
It's meme time 😁
HA thats funny you think the irish people stand a chance against me im black i dont know my dad yeah thats right back down i already won
1:29 I CHOOSE JACKABOY
Your hair looks like a scared chihuahua with its tail between its legs
Sue Sonic
Sue him good
doesn't matter if he's gotta ger fest
jack
jack
It was a good movie I loved it so cute but you kep up good work and duh he prob doesn’t care about red it’s a lame color
1:21 Jack!
This was hilarious! Robin did an amazing job on the edits!
Am i the only that thinks that jack looks like joseph seed from farcry 5
Is this the far cry 5 bad guy
I get to be Vince for a skit in acting where I just get to sell a shamwow
i pick jack
Wait, didt you just post this xD Love you jack
Jack I pick jack
Meme meme meme  meme meme memes meme meme
If you do everything like a crab, do you have crabs? ... (no srsly it's a problem...)
Jack looks like Joseph seed
Funny memes, with funny editing. Double win, boys!
Anyone notice how jacks beard looks like the  Norse version of Kratos's (god of war)
Jack
Jack
Jack
Picks Jack * jack yells pick me * 
Jack I picked u shut up XD
Jack
Jack
Jack
Jack
I LOVED the intro! ❤😁 You sing so well, Sean!
Jack
Plz do this month charity on the 25th
Jonic did better
Jacksypticeye did it better
I want jack to react to let me explain studios "how to creep your favourite youtubers" lol
0:28 im homeless
Ryan Reynolds looks better than both of you, but don't worry jack I'm pretty sure Ryan is secretly your birth father lol
😂😂😂😂
Jack
‘My Extreme Masculinity Energy!        Farts right after trying to flex
At 00:6 he has a pink scrunge
Well you look like joseph's brother (far cry 5)
I live in a farm in mayo Ireland 🇮🇪
Omg the views on this video has 666k
Jakc I played tuber s
I got a Pepsi ad lol
I pick Sean 🤣🤣🤣
666k views
Hey show some love to Red Lamp they may not be broken but they are hurting
You look like a viking now i like it😄
Jack you know you have not finished the Youtubers life series i would really like to see you post Another episode of it
Coca Cola won't sponsor you because they know you'll embarrass them with how you hold your drinks 😂
I have the same fricking lamp as jack
Showing some love
Ok so this is my first time back in an while and who is this loud rugged somewhat scary looking man where is my loud innocently not so innocent bouncing baby boy
haven't been on jack's side of you tube in a while and i just noticed that you look a bit like kamski from detroit become human XD
Robins editing is on point
Thans






HOLY SHI-
Jack
Jack wont see this and JACK WINS SONIC IS 2ND PLACE IN THAT THINGS AHHHHHH SMASH THE LIKE THE BUTTON LIKE A BOSS
I did enjoy your How Did We Get Here tour, Jack! I really did!


Now how many more times do we need to say this until your ego is satisfied? xD
"it's MEME time" is my new ringtone
think about it this way jack,


im not subscribed to pewdipie XD and  i never did xD
That moment jack didnt see your The Office meme-Commander_Cartman lmao
wait a min,,this is not meme review
Justice for red lamp!!!
That blue gremlin is NOT sonic
JACK pal what happened to your hair?
jack
slam MEMES
My mom thinks the first Sonic model was cute
Yeah I MEME: 







M - Laugh
E - but at
M - images on reddit
E - instead of videos
14:23 Laughing my head off
6:36 I saw that monster in the making.
4:50 Sean says that its a no harm area as the broken lamp is crying in the corner
No you have a man pony OMG
Make some more game videos please
Meme's for life boyyyyyyyyyyyyy6yyyyyyyuyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy and likes for jack 😀
Jack: It's meme time, it's meme time 🎶

Me: 😮🥳
R thos gray hairs on ur head 🥺😂
I’m from Ireland and I can say.... WE LOVE TO GET DRUNK
[S]>Jack: Ascend
You look like a goat-elf hybrid
If u like memes so much watch SMG4
Who did it better Dr. Strange or Sonic
MEME is a new drug
quick someone make a fan game where the red lamp is the antaganist  and jack has to save blue lamp with the power of a coke sponsorship lol
so I'm watching ya while playing BitLife, then it said 'Brazil goes into war with Ireland'. Got dammit.
ITS A NOTHER SLAP CHOP VID!!!!!
Red lamp: ALL AROUND ME ARE FAMILIAR FAAAAAACES!!
First meme. I pick jack
1:23 Jacky boy
I have the same whiteboard that Sean has...
It costs 20 dollars
JACKSEPTICEYE EXPOSED
8:59, late to the memes again lol
He did fix it!
Sean is gonna eventually turn into Tom Hanks in Cast Away
Has anyone noticed that Sean looks like trip from the walking dead with that haircut.
Get a syringe and hook the memes to my veins Jacksepticeye
Me sitting in bed depressed at 3 am: 0:06
Jack
Jake
Nether because you is Sean not Jack
You look like Joseph seed from farcry 5 in that video
I dont even know what background is real any more
Jack did better than sonic
Sean is my god
Stop copying Felix. You're good with the video games thing I don't think you should try to do the whole memes
I haven’t watched you in ages and HOLY CRAP A BEARD
I haven't watched jack in a few months...when did he become a hipster?
Meme review I mean meme time
To Upgrade “Whiteboard” You Must Obtain “Coca Cola Sponsor”
Dye your hair blue
Is it just me or did jacks eyes look REALLY good in this video?
I dont think anyone is gonna answer my question but what would he look like with green hair again?
Congrats on 22 million subscribers, been here since 150k
“BIG GAMER EPIC GAMER MAN”
My new gamertag
Can you play life is strange 2 episode 3
JACK PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE S2 EP3 ITS OUT TODAY
Jack
Jack
IT'S MEME TIME, IT'S MEME TIME! GATHER ALL YOUR FRIENDS IT'S MEME TIME!

but i wanted to laugh...
I was really hoping for this outcome.

"And what does meme stand for?"
Points to white board

LAUGH!!!
Even the intro just made me happier and laugh so hard
Omg jacksepticeye's the best
The beginning of the video. It all it took to make my day better! ^^
Speaking of charity streams, are we gonna do one for Extra Life this year? I drew a pin for it in English class! I'll tweet it to you once I get it posted
Wait... if the lamp was in the green screen.... then how did Jack pick it up?
That intro tho😂
10:54 made me cry 😭
Hey Jack play the new episode of life is strange two
Sonic
even after the video ended i'm still laughing at Thans XD
Neither Jack nor Sonic did it better, Sean did it best
How is Jack not sponser by coca cola buy now. What's up with them???
when you never know what background is the real background
Pls make another kerbal space program video! I love this channel!
Jack
Jack
Jack did it better than sonic
Jack
Jack
For some reason the Rift didn't record the same way as the Vive does so it looks like I'm constantly looking down at the ground.
The video was fun though so I didn't think I should scrap the whole thing. Apologies if it's hard to look at
Plays Beat Saber: 167 BPM
Plays any horror game: 95 BPM

My heart rate: am I a joke to you?
*Gets jumpscared in a Michael Jackson’s horror game*
Heart rate: 90bpm
“This isn’t even intense.” “This isn’t even hard.” *in beat saber*
Heart rate: 188bpm
Horror games: I can make anyones heart rate through the roof


Beat saber: Hold my saber
Me over here thinking that if I did the crab rave, I'd get too overwhelmed and then looking at Jack almost nailing it, I was surprised and then I remembered... He was a drummer. 

And that's how I lost hope
Here, we see the Gaelic Gladiator in his natural habitat. Training for his next great battle in the Arena
Me:trying to genuinely listen to the songs
Jack:screaming over songs
Me:I don't care anymore
Jack a tip from someone recording with a rift. Put on smooth camera in the settings in Beat Saber. It will help a lot, trust me.
they need to have pirates of the Caribbean music
He was a boy that didn't know what he was doing.
Then he was a man that didn't know what he was doing.


But now...


Now he's the EPIC GAMER, THE GAELIC GLADIATOR, THE SON OF VIKINGS.
THE MAN. THE MYTH. THE LEGEND.


We love ya Jack :D
I love this
It's a shame the camera is pointed slightly downwards and it's SO r/MildlyInfuriating
Can't see shit capt'n
Rum'n'bass - Boomkitty preview
Jack: It sounds like you're going into the war! (Me: No)
Jack: I guess it's a pirate song (me: Yes)





Later: Jack:  (Me: So Jacksepticeye is a pirate, what a secret)
13:33 i know that song. Till its over   i heard that song from Just Shapes and Beats.
<edit> its also a camputer or console game
9:35 
Jack : Stay perfectly still
Also Jack: moves semi offscreen
When the video just started his heart rate is over 100. Wow.
Jack "But this isn't intense anyways"
Heart: RISE MOTHERFUDGER
Jack: plays beatsaber
Life is strange 2 ep 3: am i a joke to you?
Me: jack play the FrIkInG  episode!
I'm glad you uploaded a vid tho.
hey jack i think you are good at this game because you are good at drumming!
Jack play the San theme this song is for pros only are you sure you can handle it?
Life is strange 2 episode 3 just came out today Jack...
This is how Jack do the crab rave in Beat Saber. 4:30 Highlight of Jack getting a lot of heart beats
Can Jack please do an 80's style jazzercise video?
If you like the new one better you should sign your old one and do a give away
147 bpm seem A LITTLE unhealthy...
Seans resting heartrate is 150. My man never stops
And then I realised HOW MUCH Jack moves. Jesus I'm gonna be sick LOL
Please use the Camera+ mod, would make everything greater 😄
why did you start with 156 when you started the game xD
Jack you should play just shapes and beats its and awesome game
Jack wearing a black shirt on a black background
Camera autofocus: AAaaaAaaaAaaAAAAhhhhhhHhhHhh
Jack there is a spotify beat saber playlist if you ever want to listen to the songs
jack pls upload life is strange episode, ep3 is out now...ive played it, its soo good!
Hey Jack I know this is off topic but go back to sneak thief Plsssssss there is a huge update and there is so many levels and surely you will have fun

Please like so jack can see
Love this jack but can you do the song Rockefeller street nightcore
"I wanted you to see how intense this game is."
Monitor before gameplay: 150

Holy crap. Even Jack's heart is constantly screaming.
Nobody:

Jacksepticeye using Rift:
JACK Life is Strange 2 EPISODE 3 IS OUT PLAY IT GUYS like this so jack can see
0:50- "...so I can inform you which one is going to be the best." Thank you. :) Not everyone has the time and money to do research like this. I want to eventually get into VR, but not right now.
1:14- "The headset is so much lighter than the other ones." That's good to know. I get headaches and dizzy-spells occasionally due to cracking my skull as a teen. I tend to stay away from heavy stuff that goes on your head.
- "I feel like a dancer!" (laughs) You look like one too. :D
- "What's my heart-rate at?" 172bpm! Um, I hope that your monitor isn't calibrated property and that is a false reading. A 29yr old person maxes out on average at 191bpm. Recommended target range: 105 to 162 beats per minute, and you are above that right now. Your heart-rate should go up- then level off and become steady for the activity that you are doing.
- "I'm a dancer." Cool. :) So am I. What is your best style? Mine is Tap Dancing, but I am sure I mentioned that before. ;)
- "That one mistake has messed me up. I keep concentrating on what I did wrong." You can't do that. Not here, not in real life. That is the kind of thinking that may kill you. (looks at deep scar on forearm) You have to forgive yourself, learn and move on.
- "I'm not even saying anything, there is no commentary on this video." Well, if what I can hear of your breathing is accurate- you need your wind for moving, not speaking.
End- "This is how much hair I have now. It's too much." Well, you can always trim it or cut it all off.
Life is strange 2 episode 3 is out! Play it!
robin's lil cuts during vr games where you just see sean .. flailing ...
yo guys anyone who knows the game should like this so it gets seen but he should play a game called Orbus VR !!!
Awesome Jack, if you can play again u should play U Got That by Halogen if can find it
I know a lot of the songs, and you say you're bad at the game you're actually really good ✌🔥 like really good ✌🔥
When you were pretending to be a fitness instructoer, I got up and started pretending that I'm playing the game as well xD
Lmao! He didn't even start and apparently his average resting heart is like 150.... That's our Jack for you
Sean: you've got to lose weight!

Me: sitting on my bed eating like my 4th ice cream bar
“Irish people are basically pirates” jack 2019
Avg heart rate is like 80 or something
me: prays he plays till its over


also me: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Mmmm any video with sexy jack is a video i... wait am i commenting this. No Alexa i said Notes NO DONT SEND ALEXA-
Jack: AHH the straps are falling off 
Me: I thought you didn't wear straps... very disepointed
Soul:maka why do you fight better with music?
Maka:.......special training.
Soul:what do you mean?
Maka: i dont wanna talk about it.
jack: the oculus rift controller is the best controller by far  
valve index controller: am I a joke to you?
You should play Legend of Spyro: Dawn of The Dragon. uwu
Jack I think you may have a heart condition 170bpm scary stuff
Jack this will be great exercise for you when you need a break! 
Swing those sabers swing 'em! 🤣🤘🤣
Love this game sm also if jack does look at the comments:
Jack live your videos sm and you make me smile in my worst moments thank you so much love youu💓💓💓
Asuna: seriously kirito, where did you learn to fight at?!
Kirito:....................
Asuna: well?
Kirito: its all in the beat.
Jack, maybe you should put googly eyes on your VR headset!
This is where jacks drum skills come to use
I think you should try to do a level on expert
This is the game i want u to play forever
I love u jack
Ur the king of gaming mannn
1980:I wonder how gaming will be in the future




2019:TOP OF THE MORNIN' TO YA LADDIES
OMG! DID IT NOT TRIGGER ANYBODY ELSE THAT IT LOOKED LIKE HE WAS ALWAYS LOOKING DOWN?!?
I guess you could say you can never BEAT beat saber...






Im just gonna go now...
You kicked ass, Jackaboy!!
Also, your hair is EPIC. Please don't cut it yet! 😁
Next episode, can you please see if Subside by Bossfight is in one of the Monstercat packs?
Jack haven’t even start smash stuff
Heart rate: 145 BPM
 Are you okay there buddy?
“It’s a lot easier than it looks”........ crab stance and breathing intensifies 😂
Jacksepticeye: plays 'till it's over
Me: sings along to the lyrics
Non Irish person: Irish people are basically pirates. 
ThaTs RacISt 
Irish person: Irish people are basically pirates
Jack I had to write a sa on a famous person at school so I did it on you
Jack: Why do I have a green one
Jack's mind: Oh come on
Jack: Cause I'm Irish that's why
Jack's mind: Thank God he's not stupid
Sean with the grey hair over here is reminding me of Link with his grey hair swoop. They both look good. It suits them.
I love that instead of just "hearts" he calls them "love hearts". It makes them seem just that much more special, yknow?
Jacks beat saver heart rate 175
Jacks Fortnite heart rate 250
play the new life is strange 2 episode!!!
9:12 "i wanna take over an island)



Cant even get a coke sponsorship
play life is strange please Im pretty sure it came out yesterday
Where are the Flamingo shorts Jack???!!!!!
If theres a megalovania, you should do it
Hey, Sean. I've been looking through  your channel recently, and I have a a game for you I recommend. Warframe. Its free on steam, and its alot of fun, besides the fact it's really grindy and not pay-to-win. I suggest you try it, and please pay more than just like 3 hours of the game, to see it true beauty. Keep up the good work
jacks heart rate on the menu: 167
dam jack fukkin BREATHE
The shamrocks are flying! 😂😂
Jack the camera was too low fix it
Looking at the screen shake like that makes me feel like throwing up
Song playing
Jack's mind:is it undertale?
Me:yep definitely Till it's over
Coming in the next episode of Beat Saber; "Playing Beat Saber VR with a heart rate monitor and a team of paramedics on standby"
JACK: I feel like a dancer!
ME: Suuuuuuureee!
7:59 me when I'm playing Wii sports
This video is like a constant state of looking down

No hate intended
17:23 when i see that i got a A on my test 😂
I love Robin's edits with Sean just grunting and wheezing with no music xDDD
Vr efficianado... that is the most millennial thing I’ve ever heard him say. 😂
jack and his mind have the same mind
 they Yeeeellllllll!!!!!!!!
I still do your intro and your outro with you every time!

Also you're hair is not too much. It's perfect anime boy length!
I think itd be cool if he tried out pavlov vr
Happy to see you play more Beat Saber, Sean!
Sonic movie stole my idea

Jack deleted that vid 2 hours ago
Sean: looking at a list of songs including crab rave "Is this all just k-pop"

Me: WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU
I just noticed that Jack's intro is only 2 seconds 😂😂😂 




P.s. Sub to meee forrrr non commentary gameplay!! 😊😊😊😊😊
Jack: laughs in stress
"Irish people are basically pirates." -Jacksepticeye 2019
Wheres life is strange 2 episode 3
Jack needs to play overkill-Riot expert+ with heart rate monitor that song is insane!
What’s Considered a Dangerous Heart Rate?

    Fast beats (100 or above)
    Slow beats (60 or lower)

Heart rates can vary from person to person, but what’s considered normal? And when is a heart rate considered dangerous? Read on to learn more.
Fast heart rate

When your heart rate is too fast, it’s called tachycardia. For adults, a fast heart rate is generally defined as a heart rate over 100 beats per minute.

However, what’s considered too fast may also depend on your age and overall health.

There are many different types of tachycardia. Their classification is based on their cause and the part of the heart they affect. Experiencing tachycardia may be temporary.

Some possible causes of tachycardia can include:

    an underlying health condition
    anxiety or stress
    fatigue
    heavy caffeine consumption
    heavy alcohol consumption
    electrolyte imbalance
    fever
    intense or strenuous exercise or physical activity
    side effects from medication
    cigarette smoking
    certain drug use (such as cocaine)
Your heart rate during your INTRO was 150... holy moly
Jack's Mind: "Are we running"
Jack: "No?"
Jack's Heart: "Are we getting followed?"
Jack: "No?"
Jack's lungs: "Then why is your pulse raging?"
Jack: 
This is why I don't where socks
Proof he's a crab
SAFETY STRAP
Stop doing the shoot
Don't punch the head set. It did nothing to you
Anti?
4:55 
why do I have a green one I am Irish what's why 
                        -jacksepticeye
Jack play life is strange 2 episode 3
Jacks first rate was like 155...
I think you have a problem with being to intense jack...shaun...jack
2:11 

Jack - “But this isn’t intense anyways”

Heart rate monitor- hmmmm
Monstercat song in a jacksepticeye video?!

Edit: Jack if you liked the last song, "Rattlesnake", you would like Overkill. It's also in the MCat pack
Whenever he talks his heart rate goes up. He yells so loud and I love it
Called jack plays pirate song is our capn...


OMG HE IS CAPTIN JACK SEPTICEYE
new CAPTAIN JACKSEPTICEYE SPARROW
Jack's heartbeat while playing :175
Jack's heartbeat while in the menu:187
Play Overkill by RIOT on Expert, Jack. You'll get your heartrate up ;)
Ive gotta say, I'm a dedicated monstercat/cloudkid fan so I know basically all of these songs.
woo! I've been waiting for you to upload more beat saber! This game looks so freakin awesome! I need to get a VR set!!


did not expect crab rave haha! That was enjoyable!
"Irish people are basically pirates" - Jackaboy, 2019
When Jack starts playing megalovania
Play more scary games with a heart monitor please
Sounds like ur gonna go into war
Ummmm maybe when they let you bring bluetooth speakers to war
omg I know ALL OF THESE SONGS, and they are AMAZING
Jack: This sounds like you're going into war! 
bounces like a baby
Jack : Its not that hard 
Me : Looks at heart monitor 181  
Also me : This man is a electrical wave of energy
getting Index and Rift-S, but not Quest?  hm....  get the QUEST mate!!!  I feel like it is the best entry device in VR for non-gamers and could really change the space.   We need the c'tapin Jack review, c'mon!
Anyone worried that jack was at 152 bpm just doing his intro
Me: Was looking away for a moment.
Me: Hears Til It's Over start.
Me: Being a long time fan of Tristam eeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEE~~~! YES
i look forward to the Official Jacksepticeye VR Review™️
*tills it's over plays
Me: YES YES YESSSSS. This the same song in just shapes and beats.
Patiently waits for Reality Check Through the Skull
sitting texting on phone


instantly recognizes Till Its Over


"how many of yous recognize these songs btw?"


i recognised them all. love monstercat <3
Why is your heart rate so high at the beginning of the video
Wait.... 2 VR headsets. 

I’m so poor.
never. Never. EVER







Wear headphones while watching Jack’s videos
Sean just talking to the camera counts as cardio
also i kept trying to adjust my monitor for a better angle on the boxes
did anyone else juss watch him in the box more then the video itself bc dat shit had me dying 😂
People be out there playing beat saber on hard and expert mode while i'm struggling on a moderately hard mobile rhythm game
Wait.. heart rate over 150 before even doing anything? Either Jack tried the game before recording or he should get that checked out.
Teacher:what instrument do you play?




Me: Its hard to explain
me: wow another vr video
also me: my head hurt AGAIN!
Jack pls try 100 Bills in expert
8:13 
When playing wii sports or wii resort
Someone do an animation of it as he's like a workout instructor. It'd be hilarious. Lol
The real question is, all these songs and he hasn't played Megalovania yet?! 

Not really a question but y'get the point
Jack's heart rate: 189
Me: u ok bruh?
Was Jack's new Sonic video just deleted?
Can you please play life is strange 2 ep 3??
I only just got the notification and there’s already 200 comments.
...
How???
Every time Sean plays beat saber he turns into a 40yr old yoga instructor
Your resting heart rate is 150??? xD omg
Heart monitor starts 149

Jack, I'm super worried.
Jack: Plays easy beat saber song
Also Jack: Heavy breathing
When Jacks heart rate goes up to 188 😱 BREATHE DAMMIT!
Sean’s heart rate before playing the game: 147
Me: HOLY S**T did someone yell CLEAR and use the aed paddles on him
WHERE DO YOU GET THIS I NEED IT!
Bro I got this game 2 days ago and I can do expert songs
Hey Jack can you play a fun VR game called Rec Room again and go in to more games?
Proof that Sean is part hummingbird, his resting heart rate is me on my 10th mile on the bike
I know crab rave, and thats about it
Hey Jack, do Reality Check Through The Skull with the heart rate monitor
Jack: irish people are basically pirates 
 
Me: ohh I thought they were gladiators 😫
Hey Coke Zero sugar, go sponsor Jack and his bais
Jack's hart rate is just almost constantly at 180... I'm pretty sure he isn't a human, he is a SQUIRREL!
I've tried VR once at a game expo, I was trying the job simulator specifically the cooking thing. VR is like a drug I cannot afford yet.
great gameplay jack buy CAN YOU STOP LOOKING DOWN
Jack: how many of you recognize these songs (Monstercat)
Me: Dude I grew up listening to these songs lol
You should play the overkill level on expert. That one is insane
Why don't people play calm games with heart rate monitors to verify that they're truly relaxing?
Sean: Irish people are basically pirates.
I literally had the same thought when I saw a video of how to speak with an Irish accent lol
Jack at 8:35 saying oh this is easy, obviously he hasn’t played rum and bass on expert mode let alone expert+. 
Being an expert+ beat saber player myself I know how “difficult ” the game can really get😉
The fact that Jack's heart rate was already ~140 since the start worries me. (Normal is b/w 80 - 110 or something)
Do MortalKombat it is in the game
How to make a game relevant




Slap a heart rate monitor in the video
you should try Just Shapes & Beats
4:46
Feel like I should add: Crab Rave was made by Noisestorm as a solo project. He's now on another solo project to make a game surrounding the song called Crab Champions! Hoping Jack will play it when it gets released ❤
Me who just moved next to Sean: Hears yelling
Also me: What is that screaming?
The person I bought the house from:  Oh don't worry, that's sean. You wil get used to him quickly.
Sean: WORK THOSE THIGHS LADIES
maybe try VR Subnautica again? might have been improved
Dang. Sean's heart rate was 150 right at the beginning. I'm guessing Jack warmed up before the video, like jumping jacks?




I possibly think that's the reason why Jack is loud. I like it
maybe try VR Subnautica again? might have been improved
maybe try VR Subnautica again? might have been improved
maybe try VR Subnautica again? might have been improved
Jack thats nowhere close to my level i can Almost expert+
147 Heart rate from just STANDING!?! Wow Jack is a deadman walking.
Believe it or not, the game runs best on PSVR
There a crab rave in this video
Me: YES.
I don’t get how people think Megalovania sounds like that.
Jack: I’m so out of practice!

Me:...no sweetie I think you’re so out of breath
Jack is more scared playing Beat Saber than the horror game
My Heart rate would be 300 with this.
19:35 And here we see, kawaii Sean. A rare sight in Britain and the rest of the world! 😂
1:02 yeah thats why im annoyed that they changed the design of the controllers
I wonder when jack is gonna realize that megalovania is in the game.
Glad to see jack doing something related to drums..🙃
Every time I see the heart rate monitor in Jack's videos I think of this scenario now:
[The heart rate is hella high and Jack is taking a break, wheezing, sitting on the floor]
[someone comes in and asked] "Are you okay?"
[Jack just goes crazing screaming] "OH GOD NO NOT AYUWOKI!!!"
8:37 boi that hairline non-existant
#40 on trending for gaming
Sean: Irish people are basically pirates
Me: RIP gailic gladiator
Came in seeing that you have a very different look, was hoping you'd have changed to a more mature on screen personality. "TOP OF THE MORNING TO YA" and shouting through the video. Guess not.
I found the song it’s called be there for you if any wanted it 🤣❤️
Ahhhh I Love Rum And Bass!!!
PS4 has the PSVR and honestly its got really good quality especially for Beat Saber.
Jacks heart rate while playing a horror game: this is the highest heart beat you are going to have playing a game 

beat saber: HELLO THERE
Jack: does hype


Jacks Computer: Redirecting you to fortnite
(pause video) 0:00

Trying to gather force
little bit dizzy :"
What you see: cool stuff 

What other people see: wtf
Jack you should use a second pc with a capture card dedicated to recording. VR games are really brutal on the hardware and that's why you're seeing lag / dropped frames.
dancer: where did you learn to dance
new person: i played beat saber
8:23 
Jack: doing fortnite dance
Me: jack your hairline doesn’t look so great 
Me: realizing jack doing fortnite dance 
Me: does same dance
You play the song rap god by eminem
Gotta love the meme crab rave!
"Oh man I want to take over an island!!" 
~Seán McLAUGHlin 2019
Try the pymax 8k (I think that's how you spell it)
Hey Jack, can you play Kick the Buddy Forever? I heard from one of your videos that you like ragdoll physics, so you'll love it!
"176? jesus" continues to climb till 181
jack: "this is easy cuz its just like a normal level"
heart: i beg to differ
Please if possible use the integrated camera smoothing. Or use the camera plus mod.
It makes watching a lot easier. thanks!! :D
around 180  around where my heart rate goes when i run :0
I would like to see Jack play your contract has expired on beat saber .
Plz do pirates of the Caribbean in next vid of this
As an avid Monstercat listener, this was so amazing to watch
Jack: the safety strap if falling off my right controller!
A few moments later
Jack: let me fix the frickin strap! fixes left strap
Me: ummmmmmmmmm
Jacks resting heart rate is sanic speed JEEZUS
The max I saw your heart rate go up is 187
Jack: this isn't even intense
Hear rate: hold my beer🍻
Makes hilarious weird singing noise

I DONT IF YOU GUYS KNOW BUT I WORK OUT. 😂😂😂😂😂
"IRISH PEOPLE ARE BASICALLY PIRATES!!" 
~Jack 2019
Working out with Jacksepticeye
When you play this game again can you do the rockerfeller street level? I totally don’t wanna see you do the dance
GAELIC GLADIATOR!!! Why in the ARSE have you not played Country Rounds on this game! It screams your f*ckin name!!!
I thought Jack's heart was gonna explode when the beat dropped in Crab Rave, man, from 164 to 182 in 10 seconds...
15:20 " YOU'VE GOT THIS SISTER" 
That's the motivation and PMA that we all needed today!
Our day of fun: watching jack normal things. 
Jacks day of fun: playing beat saber and wanting to take over an island. Just the usual
jack enable camera plus (right click the game and do third person) 
you can even have custom avatars or make it so its just the sabers 
i stream this game a lot on my twitch 
also id love to see you play vrchat again (maybe even live stream it so people can join ya)
Till it's over is in a game called "Just Shapes and Beats". That would be a AWESOME game to play if you don't mind possibly getting copy righted.
normal people: looks straight
Jack: *LOOK DOWN TO THE POINT WHERE NO ONE CAN SEE ANYTHING BUT THE FLOOR
Crab Rave
Ah, the music of my people, a fine choise.
Dude download beat drop and move the pov back and make it smoother pleaseeeee
also Jack, to get some speed in the swing Flick your controlers. hold them more at half and down so they can spin a bit. ( also is a bit less tiring )   and to stop squading you can adjust it to your height.
You need to go with the PiMax 5k or 8k vr. The FOV on that is insane.
Also, if you hole the rift controlers just by the bottom, as if they were drum sticks, that might help. Thats how i play at least.
I've never noticed before, but his lights match his sabers!
Right light/Right saber - Blue
Left light/Left saber - Red
you need to install camera + also you can start the steam version of the game even with the rift
Jack ya know there’s a lot of game songs including Megalovainia that you can play and I’m pretty sure in Megalovainia you get bones as sabers
Wanted to see you do Overkill on expert so much 😭
Dude MonsterCat is probably one of my favorite labels. I recognize everything in this volume/playlist thing. (Also, May 9th was my Birthday)
I just love the wholesome reaction to seeing crab rave officially in the game
Can we have exercising sessions with Jack please that was hilarious
8:26 when you see roblox porn but like minecraft better
I wanna see someone make a video of jack with just the face cam playing beat saber
jack is a motivational speaker at fx a water workout with some of those things he
I signed in just to sub lol
I reacted the same way when I saw Crab Rave in the game.
Crab Rave has really awkward movements
jack playing beat saber and everything is chaotic and epic
 cuts to jack moving around like an autist
Jack : TOP OF THE MORNI-
Heart Rate: 1000
"One headset to rule them all"
Good God Jack your heart is running a marathon constantly
Absolutely love this video. Your moves are great jack. Keep up the good work.
Good Video

I’m sorry for not watching you for a while

I was with you since 500.000 subs😊
6:20 "Cause that's making me be a crab" Jacksepticeye, crab of the year, 2019.
4:43 crab rave on hard isn’t easy. But i played it hard and faster.....  I was sweating XD
Its not over til it's over! 😍 great job! Always a huge fan! I need to get a vr set so bad so I can play this!
Jack:Aw man I wanna take over an island
.
.
.
Me:Haven't u played "Islanders"?
when you can barely see the gameplay but his commentary made up for all of it Oh how beautiful XD
No one:
Absolutely no one:
Jack: I wanna go take over an island!
I love when u say ur intro jack.
Hey Jack! When you do Beat Saber again you should do the MEGALOVANIA from Undertale. You may pass out before the end of the song but it would be during one of your fav songs from Undertale!
4:40......my sister did this song in expert mode
I would like to know what the new rift is like. I am thinking about getting one but I wanna know if the new one is worth it or not :)
LOVEd this vid, love monstercat. I was screaming at the screen for you to play "Emoji" tho ^^;
I usually forget that you're actually rich 
Proves how humble and down to earth you are
Till it's over from just shapes and beats you should play it
Till it's over is the best Monstercat song!! Jack should play Just Shapes and Beats - that song is a level in that game too!
Jack: Irish people are kinda like pirates

Me: yes jack your probably part pirate
Thank you for putting crab rave in the video
Jack: “Irish people are basically pirates!”
Also Jack: Irish people are pirates, and gladiators, AND Vikings 👍🏻 all of our ancestors are Irish
RUM N' BASS?! OH YES! Boom Kitty would be proud.
Someone walks in his room: "Ok...???"
Jack : it makes me to be a crab!
Me : imagines Jack as a crab raving
You should play Vertigo!!! Its like half life and portal but VR
I'm impressed by your mad Crab Rave skills Sean! I would have failed it within seconds. 4:36
I recognised all of the songs because I’ve played them all 😁
I'd like to see you do expert + mode on a couple of songs. Trust me, it gets sweaty.
Jack ima making a video game I got the story just need to program a and I want you to be the first to play it
*Reads Title*    But why!!??
Best way of getting into techo music - Play Just shapes and beats and/or just listen to Monster cat: uncanged
go watch "Be CAREFUL playing this intense Beat Saber level" by Bandoot. it's intense.
I wear 145 lb of weight while playing works great good workout
AH! I'M SLIPPIN ON MAH SOCKS-
Jack, try megalovania on beat saber
20:10
"Awww, my face is all sticky and sweaty now!"
Should do Ghostbusters if they have it on beat saber.
I would pay all the money for this just to try it on Molly 🤣
jack: irish people are basically pirates
everyone: cant argue with that logic
BOOM KITTY <3
157 BPM at rest! Jack needs to get his cardio in!
15:50 i'm getting Legally Blonde feels here in this yelling😂
Do more of this!(the heart rate thing)
Jack your resting heart rate is 150 is really high. it should be around 60-100. Unless you've played some before the video started then you're fine.
5:30 

His inner drummer is kicking in lmao😂
Can you turn up the FOV if you play this again, Please?
Damn you! You didn't play Overkill!
When ur a huge edm fan so you recognize every single monstercat song!!
now.. play beat saber with the muscle stimulator :D
Less arm movement and more wrist will help you a lot.
Play his intro at 0.25x. ..... Lol
Heart Breaker Man Alive!!!
To be honest this made my heart rate go up and I'm only watching😳
holy cow your heart rate was 150 to start off on.  Are you okay???
Jack = beat saber god!!!
Jack I think irish people are vikings not pirates
So if you want a wireless rift, there IS the quest coming out next month 🤷🏾‍♀️
“What, you egg!”
[stabs him]

Favourite Shakespeare quote
Play "Overkill" by Monstercat on Extreme :))
It looks harder than it is - You just need to find the rythm ;)
Tip: You might want to put on "no fail"
YEAH IM CRABBY, THATS CAUSE I PLAY BEAT SABER
Try reality check through the skull.
It’s extremely hard🤣
15:20 jack just became my workout instructor
The neighbor's kids:
Mommy who's yelling?
Neighbor:
Nobody honey. On a side note, would you prefer moving to America or China?
I love the floofy hair!!!!!!!
8:00 Homer Simpson, is that you ? 😂
15:20 
Can’t get a coke sponsorship so he tries to get beat saber to sponsor him
Who else wants to see him try 'Reality Check Through the Skull'?
Me:
Working overtime and saving up all of my money to even be able to buy the Valve Index when it launches
Jack:
"Yeah, I already pre-ordered all the new VR headsets."
Happy Wheels Season 2! Comment if you argree!
7:00 pirates ? I tshougt you were a viking
But you didnt order the quest??? That is pretty sad...
I was listening to Rum n' Bass before i watched this vid, such a good track
is anyone else concerned about jacks heart rate staying steadily over 150???
182 bpm? dude are you alright?
WTH WAS THAT “Ooooo”
Jack plz play Days Gone it's really good
heart bpm starts at 155 Jack u okay
187! Dude you okay??
Jack I love you so much man in this video you look like you're having a blast. I'm not even halfway throw the video and I can't stop smiling thank you for making me smile and brightening up my day. :)
"Mom I'm going to go take over a island I will be back"
Geez i got most of these song on my gaming music list lol :D
Just a tip for next time you record, get the "smooth camera" mod it'll make your video quality that much better!
I'M NOW DEAF SO THANKS. I'm part Scottish 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 part Irish🇨🇮 part Welsh🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 and part English🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿. And I'm think of moving to Scotland what do you all think?
Just saying it’s not that different for jacks heart to race 😂 


Jacks heart: f-ck being calm wooooh
JACK WE NEED MORE DRUM VIDEOS
Level 3 off the campaign sounds like your outro 2years ago with septicsam in a tube
Who else was shouting at Jack "RAISE YOUR HEAD GODDAMNIT!"
Idle heart rate 150 hope that’s incorrect lol
23:00 such a good workout he shook the ground
Can you play the song "frontier justice" ?
When Jack played till it's over, I nearly died
Talk about a workout. Damn, I need to switch up my routine. 😂
the normal heart rate when not doing anything ( and not sleeping ) is from 60 to 100
7:52 "Irish people are basically pirates!"
So the crab song was made on my birthday and Easter ( in 2018 my birthday was on Easter)
Bloody hell the auto-focus at the end was giving me a brain aneurysm
it bothers me much he looks down
Jack please make a video on the new lis episode! :3
So once you reach the 170's for heart rate bpm you are experiencing a max effort work out that is pushing limits. Good job jack
Jack you should play overkill by riot the song is badass and the level is insane
Next video idea
Killing myself with a heart monitor
Nobody:
Sean: I WANNA GO TAKE OVER AN ISLAND
Thank you Robin very cool
As a dubstep enthusiast, I approve this gameplay. :)
you know what is also irish a 4 leaf clover which I found yesterday
Forget asking if the background’s real
Is Jack even real?
Just amagen a monster sneeks behind
Excellent! Looking forward to your play of Vader Immortal!
Boi life is strange 2 episode 3 is out. Drop everything and play it
Dude the new episode of Life is strange has come out plz play it thanks love ya
I don’t know if it’s just me but he’s looking down a lot. I still love u tho jack
i'm getting a valve index as well i can't wait
You should try to play Moonlight Sonata Mvt. 3 on Beat Saber.
This game makes me sweat so much it looks like I just got out of the shower.
I use the Rift which I got for like $300.
jack talking so much he forgot how to breathe XD
Jack, please try "OVERKILL" if possible.
Also, please keep making more of this game, love it.
thank you for comparing headsets at the end! I think I might look into an oculus because of how much cheaper it is than the latest vive
YESSSS MONSTERCAT!!!
"i work out"
yeah... your resting heart rate is over a 100, which speaks for itself, or the monitors accuracy
Has he done system of a down yet cause that would be sickkkkkk🔥🔥
13:40 This song is from my favorite game Just Shapes & Beats it's part of the final boss fight.

I know many of these songs particularly Particularly monstercat because EDM is my jam🤘🏿🤘🏿.
Roses are red 
Violets are blue
Jack I love you








No homo
Can you make a video or livestream life is strange 2 episode 3
Hey did clone drone ever get another update?
Mom why is he shouting
Why do i feel like Anti is creepin' up again?
13:17 go play just shapes and beats you will hear that music
anyone concerned he started with a resting heart rate of 147 bpm? lol
You should so do another drum cover or solo :)
Jack... you are going to die
“I want to take over an island..!” 
WELCOME TO MCLOUGHLAND
What do you think about the Oculus Quest?
when he play that michael jackson horror game, the highest heart rate was 123 by jumpscare. but he got 150 here just by standing. my boi 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
holy shit u guys seen when the game started the BPM dropped by a solid 20 and then had to climb back up as the game went on?
omg your hair im dyng
"You got this sisters!" 
- Jacksepticeye 2019
Hey jack, I don't know if anyone else has seggested this yet, but one of the hardest songs on beatsaber is reality check through the skull. It's an undertale remix, and I don't know how to get it myself, but if you think your up to it, you could try it.
Its awkward without sound XD
Hey, why the sonic video isn't in the channel anymore?
You should play Megalovania on Beat Saber in Custom Songs
Is anyone else worried about Jack's heart rate?
When his hair starts splitting in the middle and falls towards his face it looks really good
play life is strange!! :]
"this is easy" breathes heavily
Jack: "I work out"

Heart: hey buddy be careful your near maximal heart rate
3:00
O O F
Im feeling kinda sick the vid is wiggle-ish but i enjoy it tho
Jack: it's easier than it seems
Me watching this at 2x speed: I sure hope it does
Could you play Hopes and Dreams from undertale in this please!
next


Jack: i play life with a heart monitor?!
LMAO jack why is your heart rate higher than when I have a panic attacks 😂
8:52 It's johnny bravo
I absolutely love that you switch between personal cam feed and both. Like he said, it is easier than it seems, but Sean definitely makes it looks easy.
Life is strange 2?
My birthday is tomorrow!! Can I get some happy birthday wishes?

👇
Jack why is your resting 150?? Take a nap dude, do some meditation.
Red solo cup
Clp clp clp clp
Ill fill you up
Clp clp clp clp
Youre going to die young : )
I don't like how you kept looking down on the game it made it hard to see it
I like the music pack. It's pretty difficult on Expert+, but I can do it.
You could say you were playing Heart- Beat Saber! XD!
ur like in a party 😂😂😂
please, Sean, play more hitman. it has always made me laugh.
i recognize a lot of these songs
Recognize the songs? Tristam is my god damned anthem!
One question.
WHERES THE FLAMINGO SHORTS!
Play rigs on PS4 vr it’s a badass game were you fight online or offline in robots that you can customise
Resting heart rate of 155 at start of the video?
Jack: I love how perfectly the rift controllers fit my hands 1:08

Also jack:I hate the stupid wire hanging from this headset 2:39

Also Jack:I’m buying the Rift S and the valve index  

OCULUS QUEST!?
Love all songs by the monstercat consortium
I see that glitch, you Irish buttcheak 😏 12:30
that song til it's over koms from  just shapes and beats jack should play it its fun ; )
Jack the video of today got taken down we can't watch it
jack should play just beats and shapes
To have Hart attack you need a Hart rate of 180 😰😰😵
14:00 'Til It's Over by Tristam
The final boss theme of Just Shapes And Beats
yay  a loud and fast intro :D
Anyone else notice that his heart when my up in this more than in the scary game 🤣🤣🤣
Seán your high is 188
Your heart gets quicker talking
This guy is great at this game.
Congratulations on #40 on trending
do more all the way
still hasn't done megalovania from undertale.
I don't know if you guys know but I work out!
*has a resting heart rate of around 149bpm
beat saber 
seat



👌
Preeetty preeetty weird effect at 12:30 and 16:07






 Anti is coming
I like to watch you play beat saber
If this is intense, u should play osu!
Just binged watch the simulacra series before this hehehe

Edited:Fuuuuuuckk ittttt soooo muuuuch
I heard the first song and I could see myself playing expert+ with it 😂😂
The Gaelic Gladiator has the the skill of dancing as well as many others that mortals should never set their gaze upon
He needs to download camera+ for a wider recording FOV
he ordered two and already has two at minimum.. im too poor for one vr headset DX
You start with 150 bpm... normal heartrate is 60-100 bpm
Did jack just growl at 18:13 before he said ‘sh*t’ 😂 I swear he growled
has he played his i believe in Steven song on this yet?
Jack play just shapes and beats its a great dodging game with boss fights plz
I want to give a tip look forward not down 👍
Jack you always have your heartbeats too high. Are you sure you don't need to go to the doctor? XD
The heart rate you reach is like the heart rate I have when I am sprinting lmao
Vaporthegamer did some videos with monster cat. I don’t exactly remember so you should check him out. He’s pretty chill >^<
Imagine doing chop suey or toxicity or metallica
Rum 'n' Bass = Pirates of the Caribbean remix.
Edit: Because I'm a geek, I recognize every song. Also, Till It's Over is from Just Shapes and Beats.
Hey Sean been awhile how have you been man
Who watch the whole video??
You should try the song rap God
*watches till 13:18 *
TILL ITS OVER
GOD JUST SHAPES AND BEATS MUSIC
No one:
Literally no one:
Not a god dam soul:
Jack: IRISH PEOPLE ARE PIRATES!!!
I'm  dead 😂😂😱
Hey jack If you look up   beat saber mod manager it has a mod for the fov that helps with streaming/recording~
With the headset on you look like obi-wan with the hair
What is the viewing angle during this whole video? lol
I like ya better with green hair that’s the best color ever
now download reality check through the skull and play it

tip: play on no fail, you'll get why
am  the only one who's literally jealous of his hair.. my hair looks like poop compared to his 

your heart rate is really high, is that like normal?
Maybe, would've been an idea to use the in-built smooth camera option in settings next time!
The next time you do this, try the uganda meme
jack needs mods to make it better for the viewer even on the vive
Jack you should get the plugin that stabilizes your camera
PLEASE continue stardew valley like if u agree to make him see this
I'd like to see jack playing this with hardbass! xd
Dares dis guy who stood in one place, completely calm and was in hard mode in that game
Jack is a Crab Viking Pirate!
Just ignoring that he had 156 bpm even before he started the vid
I thought you were going to have a heart attack 😂
I love you bro (husband) love from your sister Sarah
jack cane you play Ori and the Will of the Wisps
You need to play unlimited power and Overkill, those are the best songs lol
Lol who else has a fast heart rate (or at least it feels like it) when you’re doing well in a game




For me it’s mainly when I upload, makes me nervous bro😂😂
Jack all the monstercat songs you played i have listened to on my own but the video was awesome
I dance a lot to rum and bass and still get it perfect😄
5:17 orange justice lol
How you find the standard “max” heart rate for most is you take their age and subtract it from two 220... jack is 29... that gives him a safe max of 191 bpm... he got up to 188... wtf
Damn a 188 high score

Next time you should go for 200
is the PSVR any good
Hey Jack are you also considering getting the oculus quest?
blame the lag and the.... inner MEME
for those of you who dont know i was dancing like the crab from the meme arms up and down like the crab
It literally gives me anxiety the fact that the camera is pointing so far down 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😬
13:20 I know this its called Till it's over by tristam
Me: Are you trying to make heartrate higher?
Jack: 3:44
Jacksepticeye's Rift Review, coming out July 2019
Jack i saw the crab rave vid
You should do megalovania
I would miss the first one, and keep on missin' till the end :)
Now I want an exercise video from Sean 😂😂
To fix the problem move the hight of the floor up more you get it because the VR headset you are using records the game perfectly so you have to fix the floor
JACK ADJUST UR FOV
It's all on spotify Jack
JackyBoy you need to install the mods like the camera+ it makes it better for you and you can even get custom avatars
8:23 hype?
jack please play just shapes and beats with 4 of your friends because it has multiplayer and you can play the story with your friends too.


Edit:OMG!!!!!THAT SONG AT  I RECOGNIZE THAT SONG FROM JUST SHAPES AND BEATS!!!!!!!!!!
i think the dots on your shirt are messing with the auto focus of your face cam!
like so he sees this maybe <3
10:40 This reminds me of W2S🤣
I know this has nothing to do with this video, but you should go to Doki Doki Literature Club, delete Monika then start a new game.





See what happens :)
that shirt tho Jack, it looks good
The funnest cardiovascular exercise you can reliably have in your game room.

Just 30 minutes 3-4 days a week and you'll be heart healthy.
yo jack you should play siren head
Hey there is a new episode for life is strange two that came today so could you play it
Jack u got a green screen why not just green screen your self into the game?
Lol heart rate starts at 150
when is the new vacation simulator video coming, BTW  there's also coming an oculus quest: a completely wireless headset with bleutooth in the headset!!!
Also, try Final Boss by Nitro Fun.
Lol this man has two vr headsets I’d be lucky to get one
Me: Looks up average heart rate for adults 
Google: 60 to 100 bpm
Me: Looks at video before Jack starts
Video: 145 bpm
Me: wut?
Reeeee what happened to da new vid jack?
Ur heart rate should be between 120 and 180 during any type of physical activity

Btw love ur vids! They’re so funny
Gasp "till its over" love that music
13:17 is the end game boss fight song in "just shapes and beats"
Average adult bpm is 60-100, when he started he was at 150
i kept lifting up my head trying to see more
I went to my friend house and we played this game. I asked her if she had "All the Way."  Now it's her new favorite song.
Just pre-ordered the quest, so hopefully I'll be able to play more beatsaber
Jack: I am a crab after all
Me releasing my inner brian dechart: Yeah, I'm crabby
your a good workout trainer
oh my goodness look up please xD
why is jacks resting heart rate like 150? is anyone else concerned for our boy's health?
Jack!! For the love of god go see a doctor. Youre a young healthy guy, for not being like flat out running, 150-180 is not good! Im a cardiac patient and Im on medication to keep my heart rate in check. It was 157 yesterday and I nearly collapsed. When you are just standing and havent even started the game yet and your heart is already at 150, that's dangerous.
Not yet snake IM NOT DEAD
If you're playing the monstercat pack you got to play overkill
5:37 just relax, Jack, let the music tell you where to swing your sword
I think streamers would know MonsterCat songs way better then most YouTubers honestly..
You should be a workout enthusiast
To be specific, the song at 4:31 is called Crab Rave by Noisestorm. Good stuff.
jack if you play just shapes and beat you will definitely have a lot of fun
OMG! TILL IT'S OVER IS AMAZING! JACK YOU SHOULD PLAY "JUST SHAPES AND BEATS"! that song is the final boss theme!
I dare you to do expert
Wish you'd looked up a bit more so we could see what was coming, but i understand. ::tips hat:: be well, sir.
LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 PLEASE
You should play more sea of thieves!!
I love Monstercat. Also, Till It's Over is an amazing song. I love Tristam's  music.
Lit keep up the good work plz
Play more of the custom songs
Holy shit look at that heart rate
Why did Jack take the "Sonic stole my idea" Video down?
Me: trying to listen to the song
Sean: ITS TIME TO LOOSE WEIGHT EVERYBODY
Me: Stfu Jack..
Also Me: OKAY LEST GO Follows moments drunkenly
Why did you start with a 140 heart rate? My shit is 80
I wish I had VR just so I could play this game!!
Am i the only one that was tipping my phone because he needs to lift his head more lol
Not gonna go into detail but, am nerd rift s bad :)
Dang jack you got BOTH headsets?  Thats like $1500!
Jack the vive was constantly looking down
in this video jack beats his saber
I'm still trying to beat Crab Rave on Expert... But it be  h a r d  qwq
heart rate is through the roof
Jack please play Life Is Strange 2 episode 3...your storyline is the best!
I'm both Scottish and Irish what am I??
Tomorrow I will finally experience playing VR
Will you play silksong?
Jack, you should try adding some mods. Using camera plus might be a better way to record than the raw footage of what you see.
PLEEEAAAASEEE play Reality Check Through the Skull XP
Of course the Index is gonna be the best.  But that's the great thing about PCs.  Options.  Rift S will be an excellent entry level VR platform.
I challenge you to play Rush B on Beat Saber
Jacksepticeye yes i LOOOOVVVVEEEEE You're Videos 




Buy Coke Zero sugar with an added hint of Vanilla
Same geat Coke taste but with Zero sugar 




And Vanilla
when i saw monstercat, i knew it was gonna be good
and that's actually the most ammount of songs in a JSE beat saber video that i recognize. i haven't listened to boundless and the song after that (forgot the title) in so long jesus
You should do it again
He does know anything above 100 is considered too fast right?
I was skipping and I just hear Jack's breathing
Next : playing death grandma simulator with heart rate monitor
Try to do ''Castlevania: Bloody Tears''
I can't believe this is his job
Am kinda sad that he didn't try riot - overkill.
This game seems great for hand-eye coordination
"Haff ta have da mug of tae before ya start de day."
-Jacksepticeye 2014
Your heartrate be higher then mine during actual gym exercises. 

It's  a struggle to even get it to 200bpm. You  making it look like this could be easily done given intense enough body workouts.
plz try to do the song meglodovenia (sorry if I can't spell) from under tail
EMOJI VIP is one of my favourite songs of Monstercat/Pegboard Nerds you should try and find Try This
where can you buy beat saber?
Jack's hair is so long now it falls into a middle part 😂
#36 would be #1 if Fortnite didn't exist.
If this ever gets seen by Sean I’ll freak:

I got a coffee in name of Sean 
It’s title was Luck O’ the Irish 
It was nice
Play life is strange 2 episode 3
the normal heart rate is 100 at max but yours was 150 at the lowest in this vid haha
i remember listening to so much monstercat stuff in year 7, this throws me back :,)
You should make a version of all the way but instead of clips of videos you actually sing
Jack should try Darth maul mode
Try the Oculus Quest
Try the Oculus Quest
Here's a suggestion... How bout you react to some "questionable" content with a heart rate monitor?

You know what I'm talking about ;)
Try the Oculus Quest
hey you gotta check out haptic VR suit it makes you feel in vr!!!
hey you gotta check out haptic VR suit it makes you feel in vr!!!
So Jack is going to play Alestorm During TABS?
Monstercat is like 90% of the music I listen to these days. BASSHEAD FOR LIFE. no.......... not the fish... the soundz.
Y u record beat saber and not steamvr mirror view... Wait that's right you on Oculus. Reeeeeeee
Kinda sad robin cut out a part exactly when the beta was about to drop :(
Jack are you looking down.  Sometimes we see the ground..we see the ground in the recording :0
Where's vacation simulator?
Me: tilting my head back to see as if I'm also in the VR 

Why no work XD
Do Rockefeller street would be lovely
I'm not an expert, but from the last time I did my research, I remember that keeping your heart rate this high for an extended period of time might cause permanent heart problems.
Please stay alive Jack.
<3
they should make this game with feet trackers xD
Jack is irl Chris Traeger
The Camera+ mod will fix your recording, and make it infinitely better with FOV and such
19:10 to 19:14 Good job Robin!
PLAY LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3!!!
Jack's too busy having fun playing the game too play the game, only on jacksepticeye
Jack do rap god
play  life is strange 2 ep 3 it just came out
i knew 90% of the songs lol
jack being a workout trainer with mood swings for 5 minutes straight
14:00 my favorite part and song
I recognise ALL OF THEM
Heart Rate Monitor?

Etika, is that you?
You should do soviet Tetris it's fantastic
You should do some more grand theft auto videos
JAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCKKKKKKK DO RIOT OVERKILL!!!
Jack plz play subnautica or satisfactory plz
If You thought only jack screamed u were wrong check that heart rate
Брат.   ас.    съшточувах.    Чувахтазимузика
I love this game so much that it's become the fun part of my workout session!
Jack episode 3 of life is strange is out pls play it soon
JACK I JUST HAD A BRILLIANT IDEA YOU SHOULD PLAY REC ROOM WITH US SINCE THERE IS CROSSPLAY FOR BOTH PC AND PS4 AND ON TOP OF THAT THE GAME IS FREE
Jack: are you serious we have to play this song
I do till it’s Ofer  is from just shapes and beats
yeah it also looks like its more zoomed in btw
Love your content Jack 🔥
PS: I just bought this game a few days ago. Problem with my rift installing...so I JUST got to play it last night. Absolutely LOVE this game! I need the exercise...I shall become an Expert+ master within the next couple months. ... ... [famous last words... ;) ].


Oh, and I tried an Easy...too easy. Normal...to easy. Hard...this is where I started. Even did one song on expert (my 5th or 6th). I honestly think that if you are an actual drummer then this game is a LOT easier for you. Like you Jackiboi, I'm also a drummer. Beat Saber really does make "use" of the arm and hand/eye coordination muscle-memory. Absolutely LOVE this game! :)
I love the beat saber videos. I really miss the Hitman "Screwdriver" videos though! jacksepticeye when are you going to do another one of those?
The video on the rift is like weird for the viewers
3:43 is hilarious LOL
Feels good to be here first for once 😂😂❤
It looks like you kept getting smacked by the notes
Can you make a video of you playing this but only with the external audio and the face cam?
Jack I'm scared for you health your resting heart rate was a 150
This would give me anxiety
Do you guys prefer just dance or beat saber?¿

Like-beat saber
Comment-just dance
This would give me anxiety
when you have ADD
I havent been here for years...
If you want a really good song to make you feel like you’re drumming then I’d recommend Overkill
when you play it next time, play KDA (in the extras tab)
Watch the entire red vs blue series and tell me what you think
You should play katana zero.
Yeah I stopped watching halfway through because of the looking down thing but If I were to get one game on VR it would be 100% best sabre
5:30 the heavy breathing is killing me 😂😂😂 i  dont have a VR to play this game, but i want to get VR just to play crab rave 🦀
More games with the Heart Rate Monitor. This was badass!
Please never stop yelling lol 💚💚💚💚💚
Do the PS VR for Beat Saber
play KDA next time lol hahaha
At 10:27 I had a heart attack. After watching No Mercy, this song gives me anxiety. 😭
can you play rap god?? is this a request that's gonna be seen?
Why don’t you show me little bit of spine you’ve been saving for his mattress 6:47
Hey, Jack.  Just some advice for recording these.  There's a Beat Saber mod called Camera Plus.  It makes the game much easier to look at from the outside.  It increases FOV, smooths out movement, etc.
JACK pls play chop seuy
Epic! Wish I could play any VR games in general ;-;
When I first got this game I used to play it for like 4 hours every day and when I got done I had to shower cuz I would be drenched in sweat LOL
irish people are everything
THIS IS THEE BEST GAME EVER
He looks like Dwight from The Office with the rift on
JACK'S HEART RATE IS SKYROCKETING!!!
:crab: :crab: :crab:
Hey Jacksepticeye can you do Eminem‘s rap song
i know alot of songs
7:30 BOOM KITTY! <3
@jacksepticeye Thank you for really detailing the differences with all the different VR headsets! Definitely going to help me make an informed decision when I buy one.
I have a seizure and I'm motion sick AND I'm kinda high right now. This video is a one way trip to... idk where but it's gonna be SICK!
Good job Jack next is expert plus and while you're at it play a song called Quaver ;) i'm sure you'll have fun with that one (wankers cramp)
A winner is you! Jack!
shouldv'e used the camera plus mod
This is hard to watch.  🙁 please keep your head straight. Literally can't see.
Pegboard Nerds, Noisestorm, Ephixa, Stonebank, Project 46, Tokyo Machine, Karma Fields, Muzzy, and so much more... badasses!!
Crab rave!!!!
as a twitch streamer who uses monster cat alot i know most of their music uwu
you still playing life is strange? ❤️
It would be so fun if you did this in public.
He should put an epilepsy warning at the start of the video XD
Just ignore my 1st comment and pertend this is my only com ok




Some of these song made me want to take over a iland
A lot of the songs of the monstercat songs are on my Spotify playlist, and those songs  that are on my  playlist are mostly from Tristam and Tokyo Machine.
No one in my family appreciates electronic music tho
where's life is strange 2 episode 3
what you talking about you the best jack and I hope you find that gold In the chest and dance you life away pls. :D
I loved the last episode when he played Jacksepticeye songs!🥰🥰🥰
I love the face cam out of context shots
You should totally check out the var game Audica! It looks soooo coool
look up jack!!!!!
Life is strange 2 episode 3 came out today
I feel like jack is better than most people at fast stuff in the game bc he's a drummer but idk
You can give me one of the vr
12:30 I'm not one for conspiracies, but.... Anti? Is that you?
Is the monstercat x rocket league pack in this, if it does then I hope Jack plays it, vol 1 is full of good songs
Jack turn up your Viewmodel/Fov
name from the songs pls
They should try and put some Avicii music there XD
The funny thing about this is that i go at like the speed of sound when i play beat saber and jack goes really slow
you need to play echo arena man
If you have an AMD (Ryzen) Processor, then yes the Vive Wireless Adapter has issues with that. Vive said that they're investigating it, but ehh.
only crab rave on hard with a B? try getting S on expert.
How many memes can you make out of this one vid😂😂😂😂
Com on you got this all the way keep on flying onther song
When your doing this you look like sans
12:30 Glitch? Also nice video, really love this game.
The Valve index is going to be insane your definitely going to that cause the new controllers and how good the headsets meant to be, you should get the valve leg trackers with the valve to get full immersion with the off ear headset and knuckle controllers
i think the background is real
When Sean only plays hard difficulty
Not only is the crab song fuckin' awesome, but it has green blocks in it too!
I think jack should play grand theft auto san Andreas
Dude, a resting heart rate of around 150 is not good, see a doctor please.
You should try (all the way) your song
he looks like a madman whenever the camera zooms in
Yay i love watching gameplay of you looking at the ground and flailing your arms.
Jack do a attack on Tatan video please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😢😢
Jack: ‘my heart rate nearly reached 200’
Hulk:’Yeah! DAB.’
Jack do a song on expert+ it's not that bad
I get worried when my heart rate is at 120. How is his resting heart rate at 150😳
Jack you should try megalovania in beat saber.
Upvote this so Jack will see it
TIME FOR CRAB
i cant see aNYTHING THE ENTIRE VIDEOOOO
Wow you look down alot xD
all of these songs are really good if youre on psychedelics... its amazing lol
VR Beat Saber is such a HARDCORE game and requires so much energy!!! Love it
Did anybody else start getting a motion sickness watching this
Hey Jack! Are you gonna play L.I.S 2 the new episode? Would love to see it.
I KNOW THEN ALL
Lol its making me look up while watching the video xDD
Is it just me? Or did he literally look at the ground the ENTIRE time?
WhY ArE yOu NoT pLaYiNg LiFe Is StrANge 2 EpIsOdE 3
Dude have heard off oqulus quest
Who else is a master beat saber player and say beat saber is not intense
keep making heart rate videos!!!
78 views when I see this, first time I've ever been this early.
Hope this is going to be good!
jack can you play space junkies
Hey Jack can u play the kindergarten 2 demo
Jacks kinda changed ngl
Either that heart rate monitor is off, or Jack is close to death at all times 🤔
2 wiews, 9 comments and 25 likes...

Youtube, you should stop drinking
i have been playing beat saber for about 2 months, and i can't believe how fun it is even if i keep playing the same levels over and over again xD
13:24 Tristam was one of my favorite artists for the longest time
Is his video cam trying to auto-focus or are the lamps getting jiggy for real in the background?
Coke zero ad
Jack play life is strange 2 episode 3 part 1 plz☺️☺️
13:30 its the last level in just shapes and beats.
sees new jack vid hm can’t wait to watch that looks at length of vid*, *looks at current time pff I have time
Jack life is strange 2 episode 3 is out
i knew Jack would like boundless
When i discovered crab rave i had the exact same reaction as him😂
Jack, you should download the cameraplus mod, it allows us to see more of the screen
I’m sitting her with a big piece of chocolate cake watching Jack workout 😂😂
Who are you now? The Gaelic pirate,
I can do all of the songs on hard and my older sister can do all of the songs on expert+ We also got the Monster Cat pack




Btw This is the first video I’m watching on this channel and I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT! Just subbed! ✌🏻💙
I know all these songs and I love that you played them
i know all of the monstercat songs.
So glad you liked my song (Rum n' Bass @ 7:35). Your reaction made me smile like a little kid haha
You should  play gorn
Jesus Christ Jack, like 150 just doing the intro
I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH IT'S GOOD EXERCISE FOR YOUR BODY WHEN YOU WAKE UP AT 6.O CLOCK I WISH TO GET A VR HEADSET SOON TO PLAY THIS GAME WHERE DID I GET IT
Do some System of a Down. It’s in beat saber
you should try some goreshit songs or like anywichone  of them OSU songs
I am SO worried by those heartrate stats jfc Sean
Jack: "The shamrocks are flying"
Me: "No Jack, just... No"
You should try Beat Saber on Oculus Quest. It's the same game but wireless and without a PC.
Anti 16:08?
back the intro
try we Wont be alone in beat saber
when i watch jack play beat saber i think wack was a expert fruit ninja!!🤣🤣
Now there are 5.3K Comments
13:21 "How many of you recognise these songs, by the way?"
Tristam- Till It's Over. The one you did before that was Boundless by Aero Chord. Both songs are really old in terms of Monstercat releases, both on the Uncaged YouTube channel, and both insanely popular.
He said he didnt sweat,, his face is sweaty =•=
IM GETTING MOTION SICKNESS FROM THE FOV
Who else clicked faster than sonic😂?

(Im gifting subscribers)o
Never heard that Pirate song before, but I love it! 🎶💙🎶
This is my first JackSepticEye video. So, subscribed! ✌
its hard to see what the next blocks coming up cause you keep looking down ish
Dude you got to play the next episode of life is strange 2 please dude cmon
SEANNNN!
can you play Shawn Wasabi hot to doggu
Please
I loved that you did Monstercat songs! I recognized so many of them and jammed out while you played
HEARTBEAT SABER
AHHH the intro was so loud I dropped my phone on my face cos it scared me so bad it also echoed around my room
Yes you're s pole dancer jack
switches from listening to music to watching this
sees no difference
Life is strange 2 ep 3 is out !!! Sean play it
Reminds me of guitar hero
I played beat saber but I was to short 😒
Im moderately concerned at how high your heart rate was. You started at 150 and you weren’t even breathing heavily 😬
Everyone, be looking for Anti clues because I'm pretty dang sure he's back.. there was a little something at 12:30 but I've seen bigger sightings in videos from a couple days ago as well :0
EDIT: There's also one at 16:08!
You said punch that like button in the face i punched the dislike button on acedent
Did you ever had that thought when u see someone gets heart and said i wish i commented that well i did
Play more Beat Saber plz Sean
Is nobody going to talk about jacks beautiful singing at 3:45
Jack: I'm just bad at it proceeds to hit a mad combo
Me: throws out my headset Nah, I am worse
I never thought I'd see the day where Jack accidentally does a nay nay twice.
Been here since 2013 and you've still never let me down to entertain me <3
GET  READY *throws phone across room to dance * (beat drops)
JESUS CHRIST JACK HEART RATE TO 188 BREATHE GOD DAMMIT 😂😂
It's like the second screen suddenly has a FOV of like 60 =O
Can you play GTA 5
3:33 "this is easy cuz this is just like a normal level"
Jacks heart: "oh god please no please stop"
It looks like play on a drum
In the grab song, who did the dance😂😂😂 CAUSE I DID
I want to up the volume for the music, but Jack is way to loud on 100%. WHAT DO I DO 😂
I know almost all of monster cat songs and I've been subbed to them since 2012
not gonna lie, all those old monstercat songs brought me so much nostalgia, need to listen again to those gold albums
5:41 his heart rate though
Should of played epic by tokyo machine
This is my favorite part 15:42
I keep trying yo tilt my head up like it's gonna help XD
Love the video regardless of how you think the recording did. = ) You might want to check your floor distance though. It looks like you're bent over a good bit. Can't be comfortable. = (
Do more pls
Heart r8: exists

Jack: I'm about to end this mans whole career.
U gonna try out the oculus quest?
Minecraft is the best game in the world
@jacksepticeye did you ever tried the Mixed-Reality solution Lenovo Explorer (or Acer, etc.) and the Controllers? I would like to know your opinion about them.
Most of monstercat I've heard was Just Shapes and Beats for Switch.
Life is strange
its too hard to see, maybe a bit higher than it might be fine
Do Monster cat final boss
Its easier than osu
I have been on this channel from 2016 and Idk what the crab is
Jack Life Is Strange 2 Episode 3 Is Out!
If you wanna see Jack fail constantly get him to play galaxy collapse, brilliant song

Ig you want him to play it like this comment
5:32 R2-D2 intensifys
JACK friendly reminder 
life is strange 2 episode 3 is out and you should play it~!
jack i though you said you a while ago irish are vikings, now pirate. PS:just saying...
I know most the songs you play on beat saber
You know it’s bad when his heart rate is 170
Jack Does Dance Lessons
I was here watching before the post-notifications even advised me to.
The second you started talking about "have you heard of these songs?" I Immediately recognized it. This was my friend's favourite ever song, so he played it on permaloop all the time.
augh..... my head.....
U so bad 🤣👌
16:31 20 more heart beats then he would of turned into hulk
was wondering y tf he was talking so fast. left the speed on 1.25 facepalm
I bet you cant beat crab rave on expert
would you suggest vive or rift if i have a very low budget but i want a very good one. PLEASE HELP!
jack should try playing reality check through the skull it's hard
patiently waiting for your life is strange 2 episode 3 video✊
Stop looking down so much, I can barely see the game.
Gaelic gladiator = pirate
Then take over the fortnite map
I love you from..Emily
I wanna see him try out expert
The blue light is still broken :)
Jack you should install a mod for beatsaber called cameraplus it fixes the staring the ground issue and makes it look really cool just set the fov to 90
Play sophies curse and I know that you will wet your pants after playing it
Play MineCraft in VR do it for yalady
Play just dance with a heart rate monitor that's a real work out
Try playing with jack. Its fun.
Is there a way to add your own songs?¿ I really wanna see you do megalovania or your best nightmare
Man, when Sean played "Till it's over" all I could think was how much I want to see him play "Just shapes and beats"
Jackdanceiceye
Everyone just wait till jack throws his controller across the room lel
B R E A T H
Are you going to get an Oculus Quest?
About time you Beat your Saber again.
Hey Jack when you said that your not good at this I said tell us in the COMMETS that we don't know
I want a 5 minute video of Sean playing beat sabre but we don’t actually see him playing the game just him in the room waving his arms around
Where is satisfactory
When ever he said rift I kept thinking about the fortnite rift
tabs has mods
when it reached 188 i thought he was going to die...
Of course he played Crab Rave. He holds everything like a crab.
Jack play doodle army 2 on mobile plz its awesome
Jack's heart beats harder on a rhythm game than a horror game lmao x)
And final boss by monster cat
If you don’t know, the harder and more accurate you cut the cubes, the more points you get.
Jeuses christ
I'm getting an oculus quest in a couple months and this is the first thing I'm going to buy lol
Can you play any bts songs? My heart would explode! (In a good way c'mon jack😂❤️)
good hes what's his heart rate at ITS OVER 9000 thank you
Jack the Conqueror wants to take over an island
Jack:Hey Ma I’m a dancer
Jacksepticeye is so good at beat saber.

He enjoys playing this game a lot, it looks like fun.
Makes me so happy to see jack play most of these songs since some I haven’t heard for up to 5 years. He should defo try play feeling stronger
I feel like the tracking for the Rift was much better on this game than on the Vive. You hit much more notes this time around.
Play Life is strange music if you can find it
1:10 Sean has a vr headset on still looks downs at the controllers
You're the best Gaelic Crabby Gladiator i've ever seen!😂
try the oculus quest
2:31 THATS WHAT SHE said
13:17 ITS TILL ITS OVER :D
jack septic eye needs to play days gone
180bpm Jack are you okay? Should I send help?
I've actually seen Boundless on osu! and it is very difficult one from the one i have.
I’d like to see you try a song on expert
Omg I just realized imagine Monster Cat making a collab with Jacksepticeye a All the Way remix or an original song for Jacksepticeye. Jack Please make this happen.
Jack i think you might have the heart of a mouse because holy shit thats insane heart rate like thats the point that id start being afraid of heart failure XD
Download the mod manager and get camera mod +. It helps stabilize the screen output
GUYS JACK HAS CRAAAAAAABBSS
1273 jack plz play rockenfeller street
If you wanna do more Monstercat songs, you should do Teminite's remix of Hero by Pegboard Nerds
188 is the highest heartrate 6:09
one good way of making your heart beat is that you download the level "red like roses part II" from rwby
Anyone else think Jack would like Audica? If you don't know it's like beat saber but with guns and looks awesome
seriously nobody noticed the 3 glitches in this video???
Your song all the way is in the game
your WAY to overdramatic with your cuts and we cants see whats happaning
With a heart rate of 150 in the start this can't go well...
PLS do monster cat error code!
I play beat saber and it cost less than a gym membership so I’m happy and in shape
Did it bother anyone else that he was looking down the whole time?
Today's fact: The most popular item at Walmart is bananas. They sell more bananas than any other single item they have in stock.
you need to increase your fov if you want it to look more realistic
Look at the way Sean’s hair looks it’s awesome
Yeah guys I’m sorry but none of you are cardiologists lmao 
Sean is okay, I’m sure. His elevated HR at the beginning was probably because of a test run or bc he was pumping himself up.
180 is perfectly normal during a workout, especially for someone of his fitness level.
He’s more than likely okay, chill out everyone 😊
fake background...
180+ WOW I haven't reached that throughout my lifetime. My resting heart rate is around 60-75 then after dance practices or some exercise and it only goes on about 120-150. Is that normal?🤔
Jack looks so funny if its only his webcam on the screen
8:00 it sounds like a dahihandi or no probably more like Ganesh chaturthy song those Indian DJ songs
The second to last song was from a game called just shapes and beats
Play a song called Reality check through the skull. It’s an expert level song and I think you’d like it!
... What is Sean's resting hr?
I have tachycardia, this made me laugh 😂
I love this Jack.... Do more Monstercat songs please. I didn't know you knew who they were.
Who thinks he should play a song by K?D
i could barley see anything when he was playing becaus it looked like he was locking down the whole time
Jack, please don't break the red lamp this time.😇😇😇
13:17 FEEL THE POWER OF JUST SHAPES AND BEATS! Feel the power of TOTAL ANNIHILATION
CRAB RAVE HELL YEEEEEE u has green one cuz u frigging Irish ☘️ ☘️☘️☘️☘️🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️
14:50 "I probably dont need to yell" .... WHO ARE YOU? and what have you done with Jack? :D
I dare you to try lycanthropy on hard mode.
Jack... please make an appointment with a cardiologist. You are freaking us all the f out.
Damn, I just subscribed to because of Satisfactory but he doesn’t make videos of that anymore.
Monstercat fecking rocks!
Jesus Christ Seán! I'm Diabetic and my heart rate is lower than yours! Normally 72 bpm. Go to a doctor please, us and Gabby don't want anything happening to you
jack:i'm a viking
also jack:irish people are basicly pirates


What is jack?
jack: just stay perfectly still jack  *jack walks off screen*jack: you got this
To anyone in this community who can help is the playstation vr any good? I'm thinking about getting one seeing how I don't have a computer and want a introduction into vr and I agree with jack those controllers are really comfortable I tried one at m.a.t.s
till it's over = just shapes and beats
Why is your shirt blinking?
I know all of these songs been a fan of monster cat for sooooooo long
How ya doing i hope you are doing great and lots of love from the Netherlands see you soon
13:43 is Till it’s over by Tristam it’s also in the game Just shapes and beats.
That song after Crab Rave sounds so familiar... Like one different song I've heard before :thinking:
Wow 23 hours ago and this is part of the 4.8k comments and this is the 39 for gaming trending
Try find some TheFatRat songs like unity and jackpot
Dance your way to freedom!
Monster cat is BAE
One for me I know XD
22:38 *5 cams
There's already a mod for lyrics. Just gotta find it.
Jack hasn't even started and his heart rate is 150 which is really high
Why u don't play rude buster
MonsterCat was literally my entire middle school life in a box. They pushed me through finals and stupid crap like anime club drama and not knowing what undertale was
Jack, Life Is Strange 2 Episode 3 came out!!! play it
We need to see more of this game!!! please. :) Much Love from Montana, USA!
Wht are they sean irishman are pirates. Or vikings
I like you're hair...
He should play any Sabaton song. He might learn a thing or two, too
JACK PLEASE FOR ME AND SOME OTHER PEOPLE BUT FOR ME! PLAY GTA IN VR!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey jack! You remember the VR game Rec Room? It has completely changed since the last time you played it and it might be worth a look!
Jack dont worry I suck too!
I recognize a few of the songs you played Jack, especially the ones with few/no lyrics in the song
im better than you at this game cause I beat expert+ mode on all levels
play legens never die
dye ur hair red
LIFE IS STRANGE 2 EPISODE 3 PLEASE
The index will obviously be better, seeing as it costs $600 more than the rift s
I'm waiting for the day Jack makes Beat Saber exercise videos.
Jacksepticeye you should try expert mode. I have done it and it is easy and fun.
Wach batdad
Meka widio subnautica below zero
Play tabs again
I wouldn't be suprised if his heart rate was always 600 bpm
The wind on the mic was rather distracting, Cant remember if it was in the other vids but cant unhear it now
I used to listen to a lot of monster cat in school. Forgot how good it was.
God damn that nostalgia
Is it just me or I can barely see what he is doing in the first one. Like he is to jumpy and shakey and looks down. 😏
how did I just get the notification
Sometimes YouTube is really mean to me
please let your hair grow viking length it can never be too much
I know all them songs :>
Can u put your cam face down more
one headset to rule them aaall
Hi jack! Your hair look fabulous just fabulous !😍😍😍 love to see you dance! 😄😇Lot of love and see you soon!
Yo am I weird for watching this vr video game... in vr?
try rap god on beat saber
Please play the song “overkill”
If you like this video I'll get my driver's license! PROMISE
Take a shot every time Jack says or mentions coke vanilla.





A shot of coke zero vanilla, same great taste, but with no sugar
Jack: I'm having fun

Also Jack: Crashes truck because he can't get a sponsor
1:47 
Spongebob: I think I’m ready for my license mrs. Puff
I got a Coke Zero ad in this video.
That's an accomplishment.
(wooden floor boards creak)
(me, awakens with fright)
Jack, next to bed: IT’S THE SAME GREAT COKE FLAVOR NOW WITH NO ADDED SUGAR AND A HINT OF VANILLA
I think i'm ready to earn my stripes he says (drives down stairs)
Now he needs to do Skate 3 and Minecraft, and the universe will be complete.


Great vid, dude! I really wanted you to come back to the game, and I was not disappointed! Keep it up!
How dare you jack 
Happy wheels ending:so your replacing me your 100th episode your masterpiece 
Beamng:yeah baby
Like to bring back happy wheels
All in favor of Jack playing Euro Truck Sim?
Jack: Does his intro

Old subscribers: Happiness Noise
Am I the only one who thought he spelt “beaming” wrong? Meanwhile the game is called “BeamNG” ._.
JackSeptiPies, the best pizzas in New York!
Jack: What year is it?
Me: Pauses video at 0:04
Also me: Writes this comment
But also: Its 2019 Jesus what happened Jack
Jack: “Get out of here you miles per hour weirdos” 

Also Jack: *Uses MPH in game*
Jack - "speed is key" 
All of us -   "its been 84 years"
Your hilarious Sean. I'm happy there's still wonderful people in this world!
The lord has answered to my prayers! Alas BeamNG Drive has returned!
Jack: I am the best driver drives down stairs
10:22 
West bound and down loaded up and truckin a'we gonna do what they say can't be done.........
JUST SPONSOR JACK COKE, HE’S TRYING SO HARD!!!!!
When Jack says "MY CELTIC BRETHREN" in TABS he needs to look like this
"If you're turnin' right, you're never turnin' wrong."

-Jackspeitceye 2019
Ah yes I always say, Italian accents are just New York accent with the classic Italian MAMA MIA hand jesture
Let's show ya some footage from last week...

truck ad pops up
This Is The Best Day Ever😂😂
How it feels to chew five gum

Jack: crashes the car and it gets absolutely destroyed

Stimulate your senses

Edit:thank you guys for all the likes!!!
I drive trucks around all day in the real world Jack...you drove like a swift driver however in this game lmao
I was waiting for speed is key....
Never mind 6:30
You should do more beamNG please.

Also you can call coke and ask them if you can sponsor them
Seán you can go back to BMNGG but not happy wheels I am 'DISAPPOINTED'
2:32 looks at a American muscle car : beautiful piece of Italian craftsmanship 😂😂😂
its kinda ironic that i keep on getting Pepsi Zero ads on all of jack's videos
I was rewatching some of your older videos and now i miss your hat.  Plus do u know when the new episode of sally face is coming out ? I know its not done being made yet. I just cant wait!
Me: has a perfectly content life

Jacksepticeye: uploads a beamNG video

Me: hUhatha 
the key is to never let your foot of the accelerator.

crasher immediately
Holy shit I thought this was a old video I was expecting a flat hat
His jokes are BeamNG.Drive-ing me mad
I'll will upgrade my subscription to joining if you play more of this game
Who makes the best truck deliveries; Sean or Stan The Water Man...
If it goes well, us fans will band together to get you that sponsorship! 
Jack: crashes every ten seconds
No doubt if Jack does that racing one he's going to have that Deja Vu song.
you should play Euro Truck Simulator 2 Multiplayer and try going on the road between Calais and Duisburg on EU2 xD Great Video :D
Finely more beamng drive yeeeesss thank god you saved me from bore
Joseph Seed delivering his drug supply up the mountains of montana.

Oh wait ...thats just Jack with his Soda...
I read it as TESTI-COLA
Jack, you’re Irish






You don’t need a drivers licence
Jack: I've got my drivers licence 
drives down stairs
You could just play ETS2 (Euro truck simulator) and download a mode for coke and deliver coke
Your Hopes And Dreams hahaha! gotta love Robin!
Watching this while drinking a Coke zero vanilla... Bit of a weird coincidence 😂😂
There is a game called "Automation" that lets you build your own car from the ground up, then you can export them to beamNG ! I would love to see some of the designs you'd come with !

Edit : Thanks for the likes everyone, now I hope Jack will like the game and play it on video !
"I am the greatest Cola delivery driver the world has ever seen!"
The title says otherwise Jack...
oooo posted on my bday ^w^
This is the game that brought me here for the first time. It was around 2014. Quite a long time ago :D good to see it back!
Sean: “Take it nice and easy”
10 seconds later
Me: “Congratulations, You played ur self”
Top of the morning to you as well, loud man screaming on my laptop

I've actually been a subscriber for awhile I'm just yanking yuh chain. Jack has made the funniest videos and inspired me to do funny commentary on my own channel.
Can Anti help sell your next merch line?
WWWWWOOOOOOOO ITS BEEN SO LONG THANK YOU SEAN
"If you're turnin' right, you're never turnin' wrong!"
Best quote of Jacksepticeye 2019
You've never noticed any of my comments but iv commented and liked on almost every video. BUT SCREW DAT NOOICE HAIR CUT BRO!
Jack: what year is it?
Me:  Checks calendar
This joke has been brought to you by the normies of youtube.
I Have One Request For You Jack!
I Wish You Could Put all the "Looking at Loading Screens" segments
Into One Video.. That Would Make My Whole Year Awesome!
My favorite cola is The New Orange Vanilla Coke
Jack: another loading screen 
Me: another loading screen
Why does every Irish person have such a brilliant sense of humor?
5:16 Jack: Fuel tank ruptured...it's fine, you don't need it.
John Cena: Are you sure about that?
"Driveshaft is broken" then continues to drive?
Y’know what makes this funny

Last week I saw a crashed coke truck
guiness+ overrated pizza= caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar


Irish+new york accent= boston?
Jack: "For i, am the greatest driver in the world."



Me: Kowalski analysis
A rear drive shaft is what lets you DRIVE something, Preferably long and thin,
Up the REAR SHAFT
Jack, I love that you let your Irish out. I also love it when you say "ya tink?"
Jack: I’m going to get piz...
Me: HAMBURGER
R i p Jack's black van you tried your best
Jacksepticeye: brings back nostalgia outro
Me:(happiness noise)
We need that coke zero sugar with a hint of added vanilla sponsership
DOG I HAVE BEEN WAITING SOOOOO LONG💯
one of those houses was probably seans, and the truck is his coke sponsorship
6:31 🤣🤣🤣 he actually said it!
Make this blue if you love
👇Jack😁❤️

Edit:OMG THIS is the MOST LIKES I HAVE EVER GOT THANK YOU GUYS 
 Soo MUCH😊❤️
just wondering, who else is watching on their laptop?
Where my Wicklow boys at?!
G fuel + Coca Cola Zero sugar = goga gola 🥃
Mt. Dew Baja Blast is king! Coke is meh....Regardless, COKE SPONSOR JACK
Me: Sees a bmg thumbnail "a blast from the past" sees date 3 hours ago 
Me: YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS


Edit: Thank you so much for the likes
1:50
 when a old person gets scared (not calling him old)
The coke truck is one of the best things about pre Christmas. But they didn't come to us last year 😭
YES! I've been waiting for this too long!
You always make me feel better when I’m sad even in the intro
"You have to start out medium before you can go hard. You know, it's just like foreplay"
-Jacksepticeye 2019
OOHH That DAM JUMP...

get it...no ok sorry
I love you, Jackaboi! You're the best, funniest, loudest boii out there! Always so charming. ❤️ Also, I usually don't like man buns/ponytails, but it suits your new look. You do you. 😊
You always make me happy and watching your videos always make me laugh.
Greatest Cola delivery driver, with the same great Cola taste with no sugar but a hint of vanilla!
WHAT HAPPEND TO UR HAIR NOOOOOOOOOOO
now I can't call my friend 
jacksepticeye cause he has green hair he hates being called that but I think it is an upgrade to be called the jack
Jack: You know what they say "if you turn right you never turn wrong".
Me: So fekin' true, except maybe in a maze.
Me: oh look an old video 
YouTube: you sure bout that 
Me: DEAR GOD ITS A NEW VIDEO
jack: get out of here you mile per hours weirdos
me: i know im a weirdo, i hate it too
FINALLY ANOTHER BEAMNG DRIVE VIDEO!!!!! Its only been about 4 years lmao
What I like about BeamNG is that the V6 engine sound used by the Pessima was taken from the C30A in the Acura/Honda NSX. Love that engine.
Holy Balls... 
I saw this video and my heart skipped a beat.
I'm so happy
2018: my name is connor, i'm the android sent by cyberlife.
2019: Tasti-Cola, same great taste and zero sugar, plus added hint of vanilla. 😂😂
10:27when you accidently tell the truth about your product XD
Jack i'm proud of you. I drive a truck in Finland and i was happy to see how you drive a truck good job 😂😂👍
OH MY GAWD IM SO HAPPY HES BACK WITH BEAMNG DRIVE
I didn’t know Connor McGregor took over this channel😂
Testicle-a. 


I'm just gonna leave this comment right here.
I would soooooo totally eat at jackseptapizzas...i love me some 🍕
I can’t keep this in anymore...

Your haircut makes you look like lazlow from gta 5
Jack: switches to First Person
Also Jack: "I wanna get good birds eye view of this!"
Sean... IMA KEEP IT REAL... Hate the man pony
The return of SPEED IS KEY!!!!
Why is Jack turning into The Father from Far Cry 5??
This came out on my birthday
Jack I have been watching your channel sense day one ☝️ Your are my favorite and I would love if you could reply or heart maybe both your are the best.Keep up the good work
Really?
Wow.thats not true.
Me: Oh. Coke Zero kind of game.
Ad before video: Try our new Pepsi Zero.
Me: ....
"WHY AREN'T I ACCELERATING" I dunno maybe because you're in 7th gear and at 20mph
I like sniffi- delivering coke, too!
Play mechanic simulator 2018 is really goooddddd
SeÀn im soooo done. This has gone too far. COLA 0 WITH A HINT OF VINILLA  NEEDS TO SPONSOR  YOU!! I AM GONNA MAKE IT HAPPEN FOR MY EXHIBITION ! !!!!!!!
I am a truck driver (18 wheeler) myself so watching you drive that cola truck had me smiling and chuckling, loved the video Jack.
I saw BeamNG drive vid in my feed and I thought YouTubes algorithm was screwy.
Correction, more screwy.
iwas scrolling through his videos then I saw a flash of the thumbnail
(me) wtf was that.. is that what i think it is? YES
SHHHH!!! It’s 1:00 AM in my house! My mommy needs her beauty sleep!
JACK!! WHAT THE FOOK HAPPEN TO YOUR HAIR?!?!?
is it me or has Jack's accent only gotten stronger since leaving Ireland xD
Dude, i always react to the old beamng vids
jack: I really put pedal to the metal
me: TAZ "Petal to the Metal" flashbacks
Do you think youll play a hat in time?
Not gonna lie, he had me at the first half.
Hey Sean. LOVED this video and please play this more because we need more COKE ZERO,same great taste, without sugar and with a hint of vanilla😊🔥
Jackoboy I love your Videos so much I got a tattoo of you on my chest
0:19 i started bleeding from my nose
Game: Drive shaft is broken
Jack: I feel like this car still has some wheels on it
Thank you for being such a beacon of positivity and energy. You have helped me get through my darkest of times. Thank you
My goodness that was breathtaking <3 well done jack
Has jack forgotten the sacred scripture?

 Must he relearn the ultimate truth?

Has jack truly forgotten. . .






THAT SPEED IS KEY!
6:58 Did anyone else hear “Shipping containers and lovely pantries”? 😂
Coke Sponsor Jack he's a great advocate for Coke  Zero Sugar with a hint of vanilla
Jack:Lets go!


Us:We have been waiting  for 84 years
Jack your hair is f**** awesome
you need to take turns wide in a semi
Who remember when jack played gta and had his bold text in blue
7:21 crab-man imitating italian nutshell XD 
(And I am italian)
When the Irish boy you followed turns into a Viking
jack's stoner voice just reminds me of austen from ryan hall's channel lmfao
You came back to one of my favorite games on my birthday Jack
Like my dad told me: The car’s not in control. You’re in control of the car. 

Jack, your driving is superb. Lol. 😂😂
You should play more sneak thief, there are loads more levels




(Like so jackaboy can see)
Actually didn't click in this video for a few days because I saw the game and assumed it was from years ago that I already watched 😂😂
Huh... Jack and Coke really DOES go together well!
3:41 The car becomes a transformer xD
You just destroyed a lot of Coke Zero. You monster. Also please do more.
Play skate 3 again! That’s my favorite series you’ve done
PINK LIGHTNING!!!!!! I miss turbo dismount can you bring it back jacksepticeye pls.
SAME GREAT COKE TASTE BUT WITH ZERO SUGAR

NOW WITH AN ADDED HINT OF VANILLA
I’ve been waiting for more BeamNG  for sooo long!!
"You got to start medium before you go hard, just like foreplay" Oh my god jack XD
Jack: "Do I have to go through border patrol?!"


Border Officer: "Papers, please."






GLORY TO ARSTOTSKA!!!!!!!!!!/GLORY GREATEST!!!!!!
3:36 i thought the sound the car was making was the beginning of “foxey lady” by Jimi Hendrix lol
People shipped Septiplieri ship Septicoke
It feels like it’s been years since he last played this game
BEAMNG DRIVE YES JACKY BOI
Before:
Jacksepticeye: I am the best driver in the world.
After:
Crashed everywhere
I am tired of these dam jumps
I've missed the outtro....glad t was back for this video...
Yay he finally came back to playing this good job mate
Yes the game it’s been sooo long
Of course its so simple. If Coke won't give Jack the sponsor, he can just drive the sponser to him.
Midroll ad for a law office: "There can be many causes of truck accidents."
Doesn't watch for a few months, comes back: you sound even more Irish 😵🤨😂
"Why Do You Have To Go Through This Narrow Assed Bendy Road?!?" - Literally Me Getting To Customers Every Day
i think jack should do a thing called jackseptieye staring at loading screens....i bet there's plenty of'em...
Nostalgia tastes like coke zero sugar with a hint of added vanilla
LOL best game ever
6:15 That was a good one! xD
You should have called it “Jacksetipie”
3:42 
Jack: Did you make it?
Car: Yes
Jack: What did it cost?
Car: Everything



F's in the chat.
Jacksepticeye, you pass your diving test, here's your drivers licence.
my second favorite game to watch ( one is subnautica)
god hate this intro for so long... insta close chrome everytime
Jack I have watched you since I was like 7 and you are the best
Jack i love how you end all ur vids and how goofy u get it makes my day every time i see you post a new vid
That Top O the morning never gets old.
Love you Jack.
Though I am not gay.
Edit: No I am not here for likes  even though that's the most likes I've ever got but everyone in the replies are saying "no home" so...
No homo.
Should’ve used the modern meme format with the white background and small text at the top for the hopes and dreams bit
Jacksepticeye pizza is the pizza for you and meee XD
hey jack look up m,2 drives ,to help with game loading screen time
I am so glad that you brought back beamng drive. I hope to see more explosions and crashes. P.S. You should play turbo dismount again for video
Jack you have to go back to Kerbal Space Program. It's updated a lot and there are a lot of people that want you to!
Jacks hair looks nice.






Like,comment or do nothing if you agree.
Jack, semi speed limit is 65 on the freeway, 45 would get you many angry drivers
Jack:earning my stripes

Inside my head:”he should of said earnin my pepperoni’s”
Jack: Let me show you how a real driver drives in these situations 
(realizes difficultly)
Jack: That not good
MPH MPH MPH MPH MPH!!!! DONT @ ME!
I saw this I clicked on it assuming it was old saw jacks hair and literally spit out my drink
I miss the old jack :(
aso ff 14th may 2019 (today) is my birthday
Look at that cola! That better be vanilla zero!!! Same Great taste but with zero cola!! I MEAN SUGAR!
sean:what year is it
me:2019!
Boi be out hearting everything today. Fair play.
No one:
The entire country of Ireland: 8:53
Hey Jack I'm an actual truck driver. you would make an excellent truck driver because those routes they had you on we're not built for trucks lol 😂
Jesus it feels like it’s been 16 since he played BeamNG drive I loved this game
i NEED hours of this
pleaaaaasssseeeeeee play this on a livestream
I’m currently wearing a coke shirt🤯lul
thanks for more beamng drive
Used to work for Domino's
<_<
Me: decides to watch jack's old videos for the hell of it
Jack: releases a video of one of the old games
Me: wait, that's illegal
Jack I see u got a haircut 
Edit: I’m pretty sure
Mocking my Italian brothers I see?
Ok but-
Jack had the opportunity to name his pizza delivering company Jackseptic"pies"- 
come on.
jack:'I'm the best driver difficulty hard oh no'
Wow, imagine if Jack drove a truck on a road with other cars on it.
5:28
Trains when they run over a pebble
Don't do that accent ever again like evvvvvvvvvvvver evvvvver ever again
top o the mornin to ya too jacky-boio 😂
God, Im getting my license, and seeing the first person view I was like 
oh thatll be easier
but then I was like
Nehehevermind that shit's terrifying
Jesus I was so friking tired and I open your video 
tOp Of ThE mOrNiNg To Ya LaDdIeS
Me: falls over
My brother was all like
"He plays BeamNG Drive?!"
and this is why you don't get this as your sponsor
*touches your hair*where?
My beard I can't laugh at you, everything you say sounds serious when you have a beard
I'm not sure 'Italian' and 'fine craftmanship' go in the same sentence together.
#3 on trending for gaming by the way
Keep up the good work jack your my favorite YouTuber
3:43
He made the dam jump
Jack's accent...is it just me or did the Irish come out in full force with this video?
i love me a good roundabout so i do! you'resoirishinthisvideoomg
Who else was thinking of the song all the way, when he said all the way to the top 😂
Does Everyone Remember When He Played This Game A Lot Back Then?
Jack I have a question




Are you growing your hair out? Because if so, I am too! I just started about a month ago!
Also, nice haircut Jack.
Hey @Jacksepticeye you should try coke now with zero sugar and a taste of vanilla orange goodness. (It tastes like a bubbly dreamsicle)
YESSSSSS! THIS IS MY FAVOURITE GAME AND YOU ARE MY FAVOURITE CHANNEL AND I USED TO WATCH YOU WHEN YOU FIRST PLAYED THIS GAME!
you can create your custom scenario's makes for some wicked crashes.
Jackseptipies 
: the pizza that always gets to you no matter the car damage we take
Jackaboy you should also come back to 'Wreck Fest' or "Next Car Game" (as it was called in its alpha stage)
I just miss the days jack cursed!!!😂😂
FINALLY. ANOTHER EPISODE OF BEAMNG
SPEEEEEED ISSSSS KEEEEEEEEEY!!




Who remembers  that? :))
3:31 that seamless transition in the cars between the 2 clips 😂
That Italian Irish accent wa: beautiful
Imagine Jack driving around delivering pizzas and screaming at the same time
Dad was supposed to get his truck license working, but after his first practice drive the guy who was coaching him chose his own survival and lied to the boss that he was done. So if my dad could learn on the job, so can you, Jack! x,D

(Don't worry, he got the hang of it. Six months later he was doing dumb tricks and risking... His.... Life. .... Don't worry, he no longer drives a truck! ;v;)
Is it just me or are soft body physics the best
I totally recommend the DH hyper bolide mod and a very fast car mod.
A Viking in a hoodie.
I always late to his videos....
COKE!!!!!! Just sponsor him already
If you turn right you can’t turn wrong. —jacksepticeye 2019.
Supponcer jack already coke he deserves it please
who thinks jack and callmekevin should do a collab
For all the og ps 2 players-pizza delivery course LA Rush?
When he went in first person he said bird eye view
Tasti Cola sounds a little bit like... you know testicular.
Just saying.
is that a teddy fresh hoodie?






Epic
Yesssssssss I've been waiting for this for 3 years
slaps whiteboard

MORE!
Jack is sounding WAY more Irish these days! ❤️😂
Jack looks like a viking
Someone please make an animation of this 😂😂
SEAN DID YOU JUST DISS DOMINOS >.>
He needs some help from Stan The Water Man.
Sam's Pizza
We deliver the pizzas at septic speeds!
Oh god! So funny! Thank you for the laughs!! <3
I've waited for an eternity. Thank you, god
WHAT IN THE HELL JACK CUT HIS HAIR?😱
I wonder if anyone who works for Dominos watched this and got their feelings hurt. 

F
Me: Gee i'm thirsty
(looks around for cool aid man)
Me: Yells I said...I'M THIRSTY
Jack: (Crashes through the wall in a truck screaming) IT’S THE SAME GREAT COKE FLAVOR NOW WITH NO ADDED SUGAR AND A HINT OF VANILLA ONLY FOR GAELIC GLADIATORS.
Me: HOLY-


Conclusion:
There's your Cool Aid...
And there's the REAL Cool Aid man.
"R.I.P"
"Happy Wheels"
YES! BEAMNG IS BACK LADS! Hopefully not a one video tease.
I didn't know time travel was possible.??
SKATE 3!!! SKATE 3!!! SKATE 3!!! 
We need an another older game I want to laugh at how bad you are at it again NOW!!!





please
What if coke saw this...mabye they would sponsor you🤔
You're an interesting fellow to watch on LSD
Jack before you get your license think about the instructor's life first. 👌
i can feel the asmr with jack's voice
if your havng trouble workin in coke zero.....well...just work with pepsi then
THEORY!


Jack is already sponsored by Coke, hence why he plugs the all the time, and the "sponsor me please" thing is just a gag.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA OMG I LOVE YOU FOR COMING BACK TO BEAM!!!!
Who remembers the good old days when he first played this?
We used the mph at the 1916 war with England
Same great coke taste.

"I prefer the real Coke zero"

Same great coke taste with zero sugar.

"I said the real Coke zero"

Same great coke taste with zero sugar now with a hint of added vanilla.

"Perfection"
I've never had a bad experience with Dominos. Their pizza is delicious, one of my favorites
Yes you are jack
Omg he finally said “speed is key” again
Hey Jack play Forza Horizon 4
Sean: *Does the intro everyday*

Literally everyone: It's been 84 years...
OMJ3G AND HE IS BeKc TO BEAMNG
11:13 you could say something went LEFT




now you have permission to shoot me
Plz do more I miss this series and I hope you do to
6:22 Your hopes and dreams were shattered along with your pelvis
van rolls down and gets destroyed
Jack: oh he's fine
Nice pun, classic 😂 2:17
I love that outfit you have on.
Sounding extra Irish
You should call your pizza business "JackSeptiPie".
Jack:Fix it Fix! *crashes into wall*
Me:..I thought you told us you "totally have your drivers license"...
if you ever open up a pizzeria you need to call it jackseptiPIE
3:55 I want the A-team music :D
PLAY WITH MANUAL MODE ON PLEASE
2:50
He didn't make the dam jump
Jack do more bmg drive
you should play just shapes and beats think of it as a mix between geometry dash and Undertale but a bullet hell with no words
To Jacky,
A Rear Driveshaft is what makes ye rear wheels turn. if it breaks, you have now only got a front wheel drive van.
Sincerely, a 12 year old.
I has Faith in you delivering tasty-cola.
Jack shills coke zero, youtube gives me a pepsi zero ad. Such tasty irony...
if i drove a coke van id park somewherd and drink it all and then yeet them
Jack: Jackspetipizza
Me: Jackspectipie
At 16:57 when he said that he could go all the way, I immediately thought of the song
You can legally go 60 mph in a semi
I sure love watching a Gaelic Truck Gladiator! You're amazing Jack!
It's ok jack all truckers have to start somewhere.... Even if you destroy the truck and the load.... BUt ThAtS A Ok
Seán: Jacksepticpizza
Me: No, Jackpizzaguy
This kind of video is what I like about jack
NEW TastiCola™ Zero, same great TastiCola Taste, Zero TastiCola
Jack: we can really start gettin the petrol going

Diesel engined Truck: how am I supposed to do that???
jacksepticeye needs to watch Jimmy Broadbent
Yes jack please more beamng 
ps: SPEED IS KEY
Holy shit make bmgdrive a series again
1968: we’re gonna have flying cars!

2019:

Edit: guys please stop the hate it was just supposed to be funny. 😔
the loading screen looks alot like farcry 2 9:56
With jacks new short haircut he looks EXACTLY like my rdr2 online character
I was a Coke driver I would be 300 pounds drinking a beer running over  people and eating Twinkies
At least be nice to me fellow mph ppl





Such as me
Game: "Lost your fuel tank"
Jack: "Its okay, dont need it"
Me: "You cant drive without fuel"
Jack: "Hold my beanie"
Me: "You mean your beer?"
Jack: "No my beanie. I dont want it. Take it!"
play more beamng drive
Jack, play ska 3 and other games you used to play
Jack! Draw my tweet! The Iron Giant!
One does not simply get a Coca Cola zero added sugar with added vanilla sponsorship
I drove by a huge coke building today and wanted to stop so bad and ask them to sponsor jackaboy!! But I was late...
Its Jacksepticpie Pizza
Jack be slick
Missed these types of videos.😓
The domino's in my town has coke zero
PEPSI MAN WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION
What a throwback. Warms my heart
The original beamng drive videos are when I started watching your vids, you've changed a lot Jack, LOVE YOUR SHIT, BEEN HERE FOR YEARS.
I've been waiting for this...
AHHHH! Coke Zero....Tastes great and never lets you down....NOW ENDORSE JACK COCA COLA  DAMN!!!!
3:43 speeeeed is keeeeey!
Your channel is so great i never thought id find one so inspiring
I actually checked the year to make sure it was new😂
THE MEMORIES IM SO HAPPY
I would like to see another video pleaaasseee😀😀

Like if you want to see more😀
I had a pepsi add during this video

insert disappointed face here
THE MEMORIES!!
Irish mode engage
Plz remove Beard
Lemme show you something from last week 
Ad pops :
Pika pika
😂😂😂😂
OK THERES ONE MORE UPDATE BEFORE THE OTHER.
That's the most Irish thing I've ever heard in my life
Jack is showing his Pizzeria roots
As a truck driver i can say without a doubt, I'd give you a job as a driver.
" I don't know what went wrong in that last one" You drove into a wall, thats what went wrong
14:15 is my fav part of the entire vid
Bruh i actually thought that he cut his hair off
The Burnside isn't Italian, it's American
YAY! thank you! you played it again!
Jack goes first person,
"Let me get a good bird's eye view."
lmao jack: I've done everything in this game: Uh ? ok man lol that was early access thsi game was NOTHING like what you played back then
Man some parts of this remind me of Happy Wheels
this entire video is an advertisement for coke zero.  I LOVE IT!
When I see ‘TastiCola’, I pronounce it as ‘Testicular‘.
Jack- I definitely have my drivers license in real life!

1 min later
Hey jack what happend to the cool old hat in ksp you should play more of that!
Finnaly a new video on beamng drive
Is it just me or was jack extra irish in this video lol 😂 jack your awesome
Haven't watched a jacksepticeye in a few years.
Don’t look at the back of the car because it has a massive spoiler
Jack 2019
Am I the only one that ALWAYS gets Pepsi ads in jacks videos?
MORE SUMOTORI DREAMS!!!!!!!! Please
2:34 I don't think Gavril is American...
I am LOVING this beard
Honestly thought you finally got your sponsor and would drive a coca cola truck in an obstacle course 🤣
Please make
Another video that has BeamNG drive
6:23 is this an undertale reference?
Jack is extra Irish today
The Irishman looks Nordic and I approve
YEEEESSS!!!!! I HAVE BEEN WAITING IN YOU TO PLAY THIS AGAIN FOR YEARS!!!!! 
THANK YOOOU!!!!!
Dang! The nostolgia
I got a Pepsi max trailer before this...
Jack I really miss the hold hair with the green
No one:

Jack: PAM TREES and ITALIAN ACCENT
Jack is back in beam ng drive... perfection
YEEEAAAHHHH. I remember this series from like 5 years ago lol.
Driving in Wicklow yeah I used to live beside town I know what u mean😊🛡🔫
NOSTALGIA!!!!
Ok random thing

I stopped watching you for a month (idk why) and I come back and you sound 10x more Irish than before
jack cane you play Ori and the Will of the Wisps
whenever he plays this game he becomes so Irish, I love it
Yo Jack go to the test track and down the big ram, get alot of speed. put the car in first and wacth whit joy as the car puke up its engine and gear box troth the grill
Tasti-cola should sponsor you
Jack: I am the best at this game.

Also Jack: crashes my hopes and dreams
The cars in this game has worse suspension than a 2019 corvette
nostalgia to the max
Coke Zero. 






So what’s your religion
Your title is stupid
The zero coke part should be: zero coke the same great coke taste but with a added hint of vanilla.
Yes thank you for coming back to BMG drive Sean it was my favorite series when you first ever started it.Oh my god Sean just liked my comment thank you Sean love you.
Sorry I’m late
YAY BEAMNG IS BACK BABY!
Wow! JSE has grown a beard!! 😊
ITS BACK... yES. JACK. U LISTENed
He came back to the game 


Wryyyy
Jack:Come on bais lets go!
"Jack fails"
Me:Don't judge him he fails to learn how to do it!
(Ireland! Ireland! Ireland!)
Should he cut his beard ?
HES DOING WOOO POOSH AGAIN 







WOOOOO!
How to play the game
Can you make more of this kind of video
And that's why Jack never got his sponsorship.
Jack what happened to ur hair Jesus not hateing just my god
9:36 Jack utters the accursed name
3:13
about to hit water
car insurance ad
First call me Kevin now jack. This game is making a comeback
Creators: "And hit the subscribe button because Youtube doesn't work properly and notifications apparently mean nothing these days."
Subscribers: *getting bombed by every single update*
that cut looking fire
Whoa hold up jack doesn’t have a drivers license? 
Next you’re gonna tell me his real name isn’t even jack like it’s Sean or something
I just saw other Irish man make a beamNG vid wow
I think I know why Jack doesn’t drive 😂
Coke Zero with vanilla.

The same great taste, now with zero cola. Just vanilla and sugar
There's actually a mod that if you go to slow you explode, you should try it.
Idk if you care but when the rear drive axle broke it really is the main but the front CV still worked turning it into a front wheel drive essentially.
Yay you're getting more views again😃
I want Jack to be my Uber driver
Jack: looks like this is gonna end badly

2 seconds later
He's wearing Oliver Tree's hoodie
84!??! 84 years jesus christ also jack ur hair what happened to ur fine good hair ;-;
Wait, WHAT? How does a car drive with a broken driveshaft?
I’m shook jacks got the teddy jumper I want
Me: watches ad
Ad: shows lady with same tattoo as Jack
Me: wow!
Jackcepticeye  should do more BeamNG Drive videos
Sean: I'm the best driver In the world
Title of the video: Am I a joke to you?
YAY ITS BACK




I LOVE YOU JACK
Jack why can't u curse anymore?
I remember when I would watch the playlist for this game a while ago, and I'm glad you played this again 😀
I could still picture your face without a beard
ahaha the start just scard the crap out of my cat
Please play more of this game. I love it so much.
Youve been watching too much penguinz0.
What Jack says: with a hint of added vanilla 
What my captions say:with a paint divided vanilla 
Lol😆😂
Edit I am sorry I wrote Jake
these videos were my favourite(memories..)
Loved the vid thanks for bringing back the beamng series
Jack, I love you 3000!
You should go to skate 3 again!!!!
Can we all just take the time to observe how much Jack’s looks have changed through the years. This is the same guy who once had Green Hair with a slight stubble on his chin, Now he looks like a Nord Badass from a recent God of War game. Crazy shit man.
AYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY.
Driver Jack is back, with the voice box that never cracks.
Jack play rocket league again
You should play Forza
Jack: I'm the best Coca-Cola driver ever! 
Video description: " Allow me to introduce myself "
I'm happy you went back to this more piz
Ok, hands up if you got a coke ad too!
CRASH LEGEND IS BACK
It was just a dam jump
I was like no way, no way. Then I saw the date and it was confirmed. Jack is back
NO WAY........ ITS BACK!!!!!!
Yay I missed you crashing cars and laughing at the destruction like micheal bay
Wait...it's not 2014! Did I time travel ?
is it just me or is Sean, like, aggressively Irish in this video? lol
Jack: Drives TastiCola truck

Also Jack: Wait, thats illegal.
As a dominos delivery driver, I say you did a very good job.
Is liom gaeilge! (Don't hate me if this Gaelic isn't right hate Google translate😅)
Jack nice Viking beard<3
Do you wear Gucci?
your irish is really showing in this video lad. love your content jack <3
Oh, I thought you were playing Euro Truck Simulator 2 :D
i tought this vid was from 5 years ago
My first video I saw of Jacksepticeye was his 3rd video of Turbo Dismount. Crazy how far he’s gotten since then
Come on coke just give him the sponsor
You haven’t played this game in years, I’m glad you are back
This dude needs some decaf coffee
The dam jump part i thought you edited the car making a sound like a sound saying aaaahhhhhhhhh but it was the super charger xd
omg i remember this game when you used to upload this all the time !!!!
Finally one of my favorite series is back
Jacksepticeye I know this might be a little sudden but I have been your biggest fan for a very long time your videos are hilarious this is my first time talking 2 a YouTuber you AR number 1😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
I used to love these videos, been here before them ✌️ ❤️
Weirdly started watching you because of your 2nd or 3rd on this back in the day, always laughed my ass off the way you said wheels
i came back to watching him after about 3 years. the beard and the hair scared me
Was it just me or did anyone else get a Coca-Cola zero sugar peach ad play?
I missed this series

And I love it





You can guess why
Hey Jack, if you're back in BeamNG, download Herbie the Love Bug! He looks like a lot of fun and I think you'd enjoy him.
this is a video from jack why coke should sponsor him
How did he really miss the opportunity for “jacksepticPie” for his pizza business are you kidding me
Please do more of this!
Only people who watched BeamNG before can like this.
JACK WE NEED mayhem!
I love this game please play it more jack
Is it me or is Seán sounding a little extra Irish this episode?
Sean is an honorary CarBoy
Not every day that you get a coke delivery from a gealic gladiator
am i high or did he not swear at all this vid
Dude you gotta quit drinking the artificial sweetener crap if you don't want brain tumors & trust me you don't.
The same great tasty but zero cola
12:20 Unless you're a driver for Swift.
Hey jack I remember one thing SPEED IS KEY!!!!! 🤩
JSE play Euro Truck Simulator?
omg its been 4 years
YES YES YEEEEEEEEES
Finally~~~~XDDDD
Jack: I’m the best driver in the world 


Me: Kowalski Analysis report but looking good man shit everywhere
Yaaaaaaaaasssssssssss jack i love youuuuuuuu
Wait, YOU'RE the one who played this?! It was so long ago I COMPLETELY forgot! This is so nostalgic.
Oh.
My.
GOD.
OMG its back!
Sees thumbnail
Me: HOLY SHOOT JACK JUST MESSED UP

watches

Me: oh
Enersha is a property of matter...
WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW HE CUT HIS HAIR? SINCE WHEN HAS THEN HAPPENED!!!😂
Hell yeah back with beam my drive
We we we wait back then he's 60+ Irish now by the way he talks he's full on Irish YES! after all this years
WAIT, THIS GAME IN THIS YEAR AND IN THIS CHANNEL?

slap me, im hallucinating

Holy hell, a heart from a 20M subs channel?

Slap me again


Wait where did the heart go
Jack! Try out the rocket-boosted bus! I think you'd quite like it.
Can't believe ur playing this again 😂
that was 5 days after  me brith day
Jack: begs for sponsorship and even does free advertising
Coke: makes post about sponsorship with pewds
Jack: Am I a joke to you?
play snakey bus
Jack I remember your very first BEAMNG drive video when I saw this I couldn't believe that you made another video for this game Jack you are the best.
The Speed reference makes me happy
My main man Mega Mind Jack
Jack..
GIVE US MORE
like so jack sees
don't forget the vanilla
sean: IT’S THE SAME GREAT COKE FLAVOR NOW WITH NO ADDED SUGAR AND A HINT OF VANILLA, coke please sponser him




COKE: pewds you wana get sponsered?


EVERY BODY LIKE THIS SO JACK CAN GET SPONSERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a blast from the past 
When Beam NG was still in alpha and all that
Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese do more ,I missed it so much.  I think we all did
Jack: I’m the best driver in the world!
Me: Wait a minute....
Love the hair Jack!
MY HOPES AND DREAMS 6:23
FINALLY, YES!
BTW the way at the time this comment is made there are 420 dislikes🌿
Who else likes Jack's videos before you watch them because you know it's going to be a great video? :)
Yea im good
please play more. such a good game
Jack septi pie (as in pizza)
FINALLY AFTER ALL THESE YEARS
Can you play yandere simulator it has changed a lot than how it was when you played it theres more too it and theres clubs!!
Can you do a police chase scenario next?
the last time i was here, a green bean was here and a few years later i come back to a viking driving a truck
Jack you look like Joseph Seed from far cry 5
Jack!!  What happened to your hair
Dude ive been waiting for you to play this again!
You should be a pepsi driver
PLAY THIS MORE OFTEN
Lol a CEO of coke lives next door to me
10:27 well then whats in the can
As a friend of an instructor. They said you drove better than some of his students and you get a C- passing
Keep the series on
Please MORE MORE MORE I NEED MORE!!!!
I wish jack would go back and play Stranded Deep, I h*ckin loved that series
What was the spoiler?
“Even my brain is filling with water at this point.”

*10+ year olds thinking: you never had a brain in the first place...*
Live Action Turbo Dismount
has anyone noticed his accent os more Irish?
Why jack slowly looking like Joeseph Seed?
YES I MISSED THIS SOOOOO MUCH YYYYEEEESSS
Hey jack you know what ELSE we're waiting for....




Where did satisfactory go jack........
We're all waiting..........
Where did it go JACK
I thought that he was bald for couple minites
Jack sounded more Irish in this video than his other videos
you can change the units in the menu under user interface
This was so unbelievably Irish.
Sleep is the loading screen! (Containers and palm trees)

Morning is when the the world loads (1 asset left)

 ERROR ERROR ERROR
Play more of this game
2:14 That's not even a spoiler. It's a wing. Spoilers are used to increase the vehicle's acceleration, where as Wings are used to slow the car down when turning a sharp corner. Quit being a damn normie and do research about the subject before playing a game about it.
Nothing like watching jackaboyman playing BeamNG Drive, and getting a Kia Motors America ad.
Jack really would love american/european truck simulator
Do you remember a couple of years ago when a couple of kids asked you in pennies if you were real. That was me
My 6 year old son asked for a coke zero and I was like why a coke zero and not a regular one and then I thought about it and asked if it was because of Jacksepticeye and he was like yeah. COME ON COKE! ITS WORKING! GIVE HIM THE SPONSORSHIP!!!
Do more LAUGH videos
THE MAN IS BACK!
Limber loose rubber goose
YES! JACK FINNALY USED THE HIGHFIVE INTRO! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH JACK!
YESSSS BEAMNG DRIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you should also look into some more mad max everyone loves it.
Pizza ads be like 7:32
15:20 insert mincraft_potion_mp3
They have Orange vanilla coca cola with zero sugar :3
the same great taste, but with zero sugar and touch of cherry vanilla
I cant wait until you mess with the flying cars and all of the gravity settings again
Next happy wheels 100 parts
If u think it was a while before you played this, get back to KSP
JACK PLS PLAY MORDHAU WITH ROBIN!!
I drank a Pepsi while watching this
I like coke cola especially the new vanilla flavor but the Coke Zero is nasty 😷
ITS BEEN SO LONG
Jack I like your vids, but I gotta be honest, I watch Beam ng to see shit crash. I mean you driving around is cool and all, but a little more crashing would be satisfying.
I thought you were always on coke Jack? Sure seems like it!
Jack I'm sorry I have some awful news, the coke truck you delivering the great coke with zero sugar in sadly was didn't have a hint of vanilla, I'm so sorry
Like a bossss!!!!!
Oh dont worry jack there will be fizz after that drive
i thought jack never hearth a comment
Sean; Show em that Jack’s pizza is the best in the business!
Me; Hun, sweetheart, doll. You’re driving down stairs.
I'm rich (roblox)
I miss Jack playing games like this. 😂😂
Do a anther vid on bmg
HE IS BACK!!!!
Jack, if I want to order pizza, I'll make sure to NOT call for your delivery services...But your speed does keep the pizza warm.


Jack: Delivering coke, sees small child, asks child if they want a tasti-cola with the same great coke flavor now with no added sugar and a hint of vanilla. Child says no, hits child with tasti-cola truck. Job well done.
Omg its been SOOOOOOOO LONGGGGGGG
The loading times are crap but it's usually worth it.
Jackie boy ya gotta do more of this and a lot of crashy smashy :)
Jack: we did a dam jump me: I don’t give a dam!
3rd comment oh n hi jackstepticeye ur my favourite youtuber love u
OMG FINNALYY!!!  Been a fan since 20k and the videos you made with this game helped me a lot with my life when I'm feeling down watching this makes me feel the nostalgia
I got a car add while watching this, GOOGLE IS WATCHING ME
Pepsi's better
For a minute I thought u shave all of ur hair off
I thought U WERE BALD
I JUST GOT A PEPSI ADD. What are you up to Jack
SO MANY MEMORIES
Al drive my mom is piece of s*** van through the like button
holy god nastagia
With that tasti cola truck you'd be the worst NASCAR driver
5:18 are you garguys MAD? 😂
There is actually a speed scenario in this game, you're in a bus and tasked with getting to a certain place without going under a certain speed, can't remember the name though
No One:
Jack: It's the same great cola taste but now with zero sugar
Did you shave your head you beautiful man
I'm glad you came back to this game
Bcuz of zero experience
He forgot the most important key in life SPEED IS MUTHERFUCKIN KEY
You are my fav youtuber awsome vids
[CLAIR DE LUNE PLAYS]
Jack trying to be Kratos
Try living in Utah XD 12:45
Hi jack they updated turbo dismount
Jack: “what do you even need a rear drive shaft for?”

Me a student in automotive technology: I don’t know!? MAYBE TO DRIVE!
wow nice joke
1:30 Teaching AI..... lol lol lol lol
Jack please do more
Jack is speaking more Irish every new video
13:38
Sean: FORWARD MOMENTUM
Also Sean: shoving backwards into his chair
Bruh the nostalgia. I forgot completely forgot about this game
do canyon jump plz
Im getting you your coke sponsorship
Rear driveshaft broken means that you only have front weel driv and not all weel drive
jack is working on his kratos beard
Please,please stop screaming
your hair looked funny in this video!
More of beam and g drive please
11:50 Officer what's the reason of the crash. Jack have some Cola zero with a hint of vanilla flavor.
Same great taste, zero cola
I don't understand why you have "Coke with the same great Coca-Cola taste with zero sugar and added vanilla" as a running gag in your videos.
Jacksepticeye reminds me of my dad because he has the EXACT same beard as him lol
Did that remind anyone else of the old game Crazy Taxi
Finally its back!
Please do satisfactory
Yaaaaaaaaaasssssssssssss you bring it backkkkkkkkk
You totally misses your opportunity for Jacksepticpie for you pizza business
Who else missed this?
His hoodie reminds me of Oliver Tree
Jack you made the tern right wide then go into it good boy
Your welcome! What kind of pizza did ya get?? Nevermind I don't care!
They same great taste but zero cola nice just taste like cola but there is no cola at all 10:25
Jack was in Japan because of the new Pokemon movie
FINALLY BOI THX
Not gonna lie. For a second, I thought you were bald
I've got about 5 ads throughout the video and not a single one of them involves Coke
2:34 but that’s an American muscle car...
When coca cola gets fizzy it turns Into nuka cola am I right😀
you know what ? it's cuz im worth it XD
Jack you are my favorite youtuber and keep being awesome and have fun 😀
*diesel
Please keep playing BeamnNG!
Sea if thieves pls also  loved the video
JACK , play dont escape please the 2d pixel game on steam
IK you’re sitting on some Life is strange 2 content
UPLOAD IT ALREADY
I got a coke ad at the start
this brings back SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MANY MEMORIES
Hey Jack try and play strictest
How did you miss "JackSepticPie" for a pizza store???
JACK YOU'RE THE BEST AND ALWAYS WILL BE SO THANK YOU AND MANY MORE THANKS I TRIED THE COKE ZERO IT'S PRETTY GOOD I REALLY LIKED IT 🤗🙂👍👌
Teddy fresh merch noice
Keep going lads yeah baby
i am speed
Soo glad to see this game back on the channel this game reminds me of Forza horizon and Garry’s mod
I think you mean best coke zero delivery driver
Drummer what happened haven’t been here since happy wheels ended damn you changed Sean
You can switch modes mid-scenario and goof around in that scenario with gravity and vehicle changes
Please go back to gta 5 😭
I think jack has a different editor in this video
Okay Séan we get it. You want a coke sponsorship



(Sarcastic of course I love that this has become a meme of the channel)
Apperentley its 2014-2015 according to this
you make me lafgh so much
You have officially lost your drivers license
All I got was Pepsi adds
Miss when he used to play this
Please play gta 5 again PLEASE!
YEEESSSS FINALLY
I got a Pepsi ad on this
Jacksepticeye is by far the best person at his job
Please do more of this!
Jack... hair.... ummm
For the love of Mike, don’t ever drive a truck.
11:33 What is “ban jacks lads”?😂
YAY please make more Beam Ng drive Episodes
do more crashing in this also play old games like gta5 and.....HAPPY WEELS
Yasss more
jacks love of coke is just like arins love of wendys, i wonder if jack will get invited to a coke factory if he carries on enough
Can you show your fridge once we all wanna see the coke!
Finna look like a viking
Jacksepticeye in 2019

Jack: "i'm the greatest cola deliverer the world has ever seen!"

Me: And still doesn't have a sponsorship for it.
Memories...
Wow he’s doing it again it’s been like four years
Please more of this its so awsome
JACK HEART THISSSS PLEAASSEEE ILOVEYOUUU!!!! And top of the morning also to you to





@PhiliphinesHere
It's a amazing game
Finally beamNG.drvie again it’s bean 5 years
Sean got waves?
they should just make a diet Coke zero smh
All The Way - Keep Going! AAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!
the tasti cola level was created on my birthday! i sure love me some tasty coke lads!! snort it up YUM
tries to go up a hill in 6th gear
Why did jack sound so Irish in this video 😂
Jack- I’m the greatest driver 
Jack-kills everyone in car “accident”
Best game
And now imagine there are people in real life doing this shit. Some truck drivers deserve my respect for controlling the truck like a god.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW LONG IVE WAITED FOR THIS GAME TO COME BACK, IVE REWATCHED ALL OF THE OTHER BEAM NG VIDEOS MORE THAN YOUD EXPECT
Please do more !!!!
And that's how trucks stopped delivering coke zeroes
YES ITS BACK
Will you play more jack?
10:25 😂😂
plz do more
Satisfactory? Uno with the guys? Dead by daylight?
I have waited so long for this. This is why i started watching jack way back in 2014.
Wtaf did you do to your hair
I don’t think jack knows what a birds eye view is 12:12
I LOVED HIS OLD SERIES!! I WILL JOIN NOW
Jack: literally admits to not having a driver's license 


Also Jack: Coke! Hire me to drive your trucks
ITS BACK
Wow, what a flash from the past.
Yay beamng is back I'm so happy
play more pleasee
When captain sparkles and jack both upload the same game in less than a day: *ASCENDED*
5:29 DO A BARREL ROLL!!!
When the fudge did u get a beard jack
Reminds me of the good old GTA V
Sean does know that the Zero sodas are far worse for you to consume... one can only hope.
24 hours later...
THIS GAME IS STILL RELEVENT| Happy Wheels!
Jack looks like a vaper he's about to wipe out an njoy
That's some good speed
Play osu!
Jack = buzz cut?
Jack:push it

Me:push it real good (back round music plays)
All the sugar one of the cola XD
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO YOU'RE HAIR
Poor Philip 😥
The rear drive shaft makes the rear wheels spin
Omg tank yoou JESUS PLS KEEP PLAYING AHHHHHHH
Hey your not a bad driver now 0:00 LAUGH
What do we want everyone:the coke sponsorship when do we want it everyone:when Sean gets it
Just came back to see what he's been up too.. He now looks like Athelstan from vikings
I missed this game
Jack:Don't look to the back of this car its a massive spoiler.
Me:"searches for words"
Me:ohh the "Spoiler" hehe he got me.
Thank you the reason I subbed to you was this I’m so glad it’s back.
JACK YOU CAME BACK
Jack a boy why don’t you do some mods?
It’s you either get it to the people, or you don’t 😂 truer words never spoken.
More random funny games

👇 one like one video
Nice driving jack
Any other Car Boys fans here?
Please make this a series
Hey Jack, when will you go back to Star Wars Battlefront?
Why am I here 2 min after upload? Not because of YouTube notifications that's for sure. 😂
Guys, he did the intro AND the outro! Who are you and what have you done with jack
Does jack know that birds eye view is from the top 12:09
yeah you used to use mph. when you were English
Jack: looks at supercharger "Look at that fine Italian craftsmanship"

Me: breathes in BBBBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOIIIIIIIIII
0:51 and a hint of added sponsorship oh wait
WAMPIPTI??
Get automation for it and you can build your own cars
ENG GAME SPOILER:
If they brought back all the people,why did all of peter parker's friends still be in high school?
Who would like Jack to dye his hair green again?
Jelly
Make more pls
it is my birthday on may 28 2019
the one true car boy,,,,,,
Going back to classics? I want to see Skate 3 and Betty!!!!!
O my god jack is back to crashing a fiat play more of this and get a wheel for it
Is it just me. Or does he have like "more" of his irish accent in this vid?
David de Gea is that You?
4:19 Philips gone
its been 84 years, that's ''driving'' me mad. -edit never got 4 likes :) thank you.
PLEASE DO MORE
I KEEP GETTING COKE ADS
6:23 I want that to be a gif
Had to take a double take of when this was posted
Yes jack i used to love your bmg drive Videos i cant belive you brung it back this is such an amazing day thank you jack.
4:14 you broke your driving shaft
OMG!!!
It's been bloody ages since the last time i was the video the nostalgia
Fun fact 101: The coca cola ad with the santa was made by a man from the Åland islands inbetween Finland and Sweden. His relatives was from the island of Föglö and the ad was made in the 1930s when he was working in USA!

Come back tomorrow for some more fun facts 101! Have a great day!!
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!,!,!!,!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yo Teddy FRESH
Jacky boi im back
anyone else get a pepsi ad on this video lamo
Another beamng drive video? EVERYONE, THIS IS A HISTORICAL MOMENT CAPTURE THIS IF YOU CAN!
OH MY GOD!

I have been waiting for this video since Sean stopped playing BeamNG Drive! 
I even came up with a question for him if I ever saw him, which was “Are you ever going to play BeamNG Drive again?” 
But I guess that wasn’t needed!

THANKYOU SEAN!
Play gta v again please
Please play this more.
who else thinks jack looks like the father from farcry 5
Omg I thought his said 6 years ago xp
jack looks like ragnar from Vikings with his hair like that
Jack said feck
Finally!!
Beware of Busto's curse.
He really changed didn't he?
He's crushing those cars like cans of coke
....just called my Chrysler an Italian.....
Omg more please
"I absolutely have a driver license in real life".... that.... sounds like something someone who doesn't have a driver license in real life would say
this brings back so many memories. m=some of my fav jse videos are they old ones when he was in his cabin, skate 3, beam ng, turbo dismount, when he didnt have a beard etc. thankyou for doing this <3
I missed watching this game so much.
WHAT HE'S BACK AT IT AGAIN
To funking victory town literally
At least Jack finally found his dream job. To be surrounded by Tasty Cola with the same tasty coke taste with a hint of added vanilla
Yes hes back
SPEED IS KEY! Classic.
Wow jack is 30 and I'm 13 and I know what a dry shaft if come on like 😩
What

 da
Wait... why does Jack not have a driver's license?  Am I missing something here?
when are you gonna play Gorn again it's so funny when you make a show out of it!!!
A Lads theres always fecking construction going on 12:49
it looks like jack is a homeless guy now
Jack: super enthusiastic to show us how to do the levels.
but after seeing hard difficulty:enthusiasm gone QUOTE; "oh, that's not good"
anyone else internally cringe when he said petrol while driving a DIESEL
Oh, the nostalgia...
2:34 
Jack: Look at that fine piece of Italian craftsmanship
Car: IM AMERICAN
American audience:  FACE PALM
Thank you for calling Jackabois Pizzas would you like to try the BIG BOSS combo
I was gone for like less then a year where tf his hair go
i really love when youtube plays 10 sec of audio with a frozen video, then plays 144p
Who remembers his old videos of this?
Jack ye look like Ruin from bo3
Do lots more
u look like ruin from BO3. not an insult btw its a compliment
I heard ur country is known for good pizza
wait this came out 2 days ago?  YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Coke Zero: The same great Coke taste but with zero sugar.
Yes it's back
14:00 petrol?
who else misses the green hair
Just like cola jack always stay fresh
Not sure we should let Jack drive... 
loved this video 🖤
the front of the black van looks so much like the front of my car it’s tripping me out
I thought jack shaved his head when I clicked on the video
O my god this is my favorite series he has ever done I hade so manny laughs from the car crashes
MORE!!!
I LOVE THIS OMG OMG I LOVE THE GAME. AND JACK IS PLAYING IT😂😂😂so exited
You guys think jack ran out of ideas no just me oh ok I'm just going to be over here
No way
YESSSSSSSS
How Phoebe be driving in friends 2:38
Ive missed this game from you jack!! So many updates!! I watched your old BeamNg Drive the day they came out!
OMG BEAMNG!
Play some again jack
im like 15 years younger than you  and i know more abut cars
oh the memories
Jack: Drives a truck into walls, barriers, wrong side of the road, etc.








Me: Wait...that's illegal
Yessssssssssssssssss
Can I get a pineapple and Canadian bacon pizza
7:03 When your girl sees what you got.
yes.... YES... YEAAAAAAAS!
I started watching you Bc of this game
Anyone notice that Sean is more Irish than usual lol 🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀
Bald fits you
Pizza Time
Dddaaa mmm missed this game I watched u when I was like 10 and I’m 16 now ddaammmm
It all started 15 December 2013 now its 8 May 2019 what a long time since the first BeamNG Drive video damnit I missed it.
I prefer sprite to be honest
Beamng!!!
Sean I thought u said this was every ones channel but u won't even reply to a txt asking for advice even though it shows u saw it
Please bring this series back
Hell ya jack is playing beam and drive again 1 like for jack
Honestly, this takes me back to when I was 14 watching the original beam ng videos and I'm glad to see a classic series make a return
Next time try to be a cop
Being an automotive technician, and realizing some people don't know what a driveshaft does is absolutely insane to me, until I realize some people just don't give a shit about cars 😂😂
I have not watched you in YEARS
SALLY FACE!!!! PLEASE
SPEED IS KEY!
Hey my names phillip
It's my first time to see your long beard and your hair
today i accidentally bought a coke Zero instead of a normal coke and jack was right
it tasted exactly the same
10/10 advertising
10/10 coke zero sugar
10/10 empty bottle :p
Hey look guys he's kratos
nice video mate
Used to always wait for these videos to get uploaded and every now and then I’d go back n watch it lol glad it’s back
Please more
Jack. Please play Forager 
It's a nice game and you should play it 😁
Is that a teddy fresh hoodie?
Please play this more
HE'S PLAYING IT AGAIN
Dude! You dont know if you bad or not, the only way is to test. SO LISTEN UP COKE, SPONSRING JACK NOOOW!!!
As soon as he delivered the cola i remembered i had a coke in my bag and pulled it out with the same great taste but zero sugar now with a hint of added vanilla
11:51 lmao
There was a Pepsi ad
It’s my birthday
Petition to make jack make a happy wheels video!
like so jack can see it
Gets pepsi commercial
I thought you were a whale biologist
Play stranded deep again it has changed
Jack-Septic-Pies for the pizza delivery service
Is it just me or was any one else binge watching his old videos on this game and then get the notification that he made this one
No it is Kristy crab Pizza is the best pizza
I REQUESTED THIS 5 YEARS AGO.
i still remember that time you got a krabby patty kart back in 2013 or something
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO FOR 3 YEARS!!!!!!! YESSSSSSS
Captain jack we are ready to fire the nostalgia beam.
I missed it
Plz stop try hard accent
I don't know if it is just me, but your Irish accent is coming out more. It is weird to see that when you started you didn't let the accent come out and now it is a strong accent (although it has been for a while). GOOD JOB!
I think the lesson we all can take from this is that gamers shouldn't be trucker's and Trukers shouldn't be gamers
I'm not gonna lie, but this looks like GTA, Skate 3 and Forza put together 🤣
Jack I love your vids keep up the good work and I have watched you for 4 years and you’re videos never get old are boring to me that’s all and have a great day
When is the SLAP CHOP video coming.......?
Holy shit Beam NG.. from... JACKKKKKK
He said it! He said SPEED IS KEY!!!!!
15:48 "deja vu I just been in this place before"😂
Is it coming back permanantly
Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Same great sugar taste, but zero cola
Is......this real
Please keep playing this game! I really love it and so do my friends!
Did you hear about the guy who got fired from the Cola bottling plant? It’s embarrassing, they caught him shelving coke in the break room.
Wait does Sean not have a driving licence???
so oneyplays...
BRING BACK BEAMNG DRIVE
Boy that New York pizza delivery guy has come a long way huh
Jack thanks for helping me through hard times even though you don't know it you have changed my entire life thank you Soo much p.s. could this be put in a comment video pls
tasti cola or coca cola
3:31 that transition though
Just hope that MatPat doesn’t see this
Experienced ets 2 player cringing in distance
Hi
😁
Did anyone notice wheb he went under the bidge on his cola run, it looked just like just cause 3
Just like she said
That pizza delivery was realistic
I thought for a second this video was by graystillplays
I know you say it a lot but is it REALLY same coke taste? If it is I might have to try it
a rear driveshaft is what is making your rear wheels spin.
Why is there like a grainy effect   on the screen
YESSSS
"Do you think the best people in the world are the prettiest? No."
But Jack! /you're/ pretty!
i haven’t been on this channel for over 5 years and oh boy has it changed
My dad is a truck driver
Bringing back the classics
no jack this will only end badly
Omg ! Love your vids! Always notifications 😉👍
Jesus christ jack. Havent seen you in a while and you got a soy boy hair cut
I can imagine Jack driving a Coca-Cola truck and crash and kill everyone
I keep liking and disliking but no drive license yet
For a while I was wondering if Jack was sick cause he sounded really nasaly and slow, then I realized I had playback set to .75 speed from an earlier video...
Well, this was a nostalgia trip drive
B:D
BD
I’ll show myself out...
He went full Irish  I swear
I would love to see Jack try and parallel park a car like a normal person with 0 previous knowledge XD
...Diesel...
Jack: keep pushing. That’s it.
Me: don’t say it
My brain: that’s what she said
Aye mate
Fecking
Okay but wheres HAPPY WHEELS 😂
Moooorrrrreeeeee
Jack: Do you think the best people in the world are the prettiest?
Me: Well yeah, look at you
HAIR!!!! WHAT HAPPENED!!!!!!
Please play more
Beamng Drive
"NOW YOUR SUCKIN' DIESEL"
"HERE COMES FUN"
"I LOVE BALLS!!!"
"BUNJEEEEE"
"HEY MA! MA!!..ITS AWSOME"
"BOSSITRONIO"
"BOSSITRON"
"PLANET BOSS"

jackaboy forever
Also where is sam?
Jack: if people can sit in these and drive all day then so can I!!!

Me: oh sean you sweet boy you are not ready for that life style yet.... AND TAKE WIDER TURNS!!!
MOOOOORE
It's back!!!!!!
So much talk about Cola Zero. Jack. Please stop it. Get some help.
Would anyone mind telling me where he got this hoodie? Just out of curiosity. Is it a specific internet persona’s brand or just something at the store? I’ve seen a couple Youtubers I follow wearing them and I was just wondering lol
Finally, now Kerbal space program 

Edit: btw we in Italy don’t use pepperoni on our pizza. We sometimes, rarely put spice salame.
Is anyone else slightly annoyed that he called the VW beetle an Italian car?
I think his pizza shop should be called "jackseptic-pies"
HIS HAIR
Funny Jack is not a car guy
Hi jack love your vids. .....I highly recommend That you play bitlife,  I've seen a lot of ppl play and I think it would be a fun series for you to so   :)
Its my first time watching your videos in 2 years. Damn jack, you have gotten older. I still like you.
You should remove your beard and die your hair green with your old hair style
Anyone want to see Jack drive an actual truck now, or is it just me? :,D
I thought u shaved ur head!
Thanks for helping me stay happy, my girlfriend broke up with me yesterday and i just havent been happy since, thanks for making videos jack, keep up the great work
It's 2019
Finally it’s back and better than ever
The cars have different engines with different sounds depending on the specific vehicles now. I4's, I6's Boxer engines, V6's, V8's, etc... Please heed my information, Mighty Gaelic Warrior...
Banana
Pray to god that coke cola with a bit of add vanilla sugar well sponsor Jacksepticeye!
Mono
Jack doesnt have a license? Damn lol. Was pretty obvious when he took a turn as the truck wide lmao
Dear Sean you should try the "Drivekhana" scenarios they are challanging and a lot of fun!!! still thankfull for the maker of those scenarios and waiting for more of them.
its about time
What's with his hair, he looks bald
Jack you look different i just don't know what it is
This also really makes me miss Turbo Dismount
Plz shave lol
Jack I have been a fan since 2014
Hey everybody,I've been here in a while soooo..........hi
JackSepticZza
if you are curious what side of the road they drive on check the sighs and intersection paint the placement of the stop signs is prominently on the right as well as the STOP paint on the road therefore it stands to reason that you are correct they do drive on the right side there
Make this blue if u love jacksepticeye
👇I’m gifting to subs🖤❤️💕
You seriously don't have a driver's license? Wow, well it shows in the game.... Games and real life are completely different. Plus I hate kmph I use mph it's the best and easiest way.
Why dont you have a drivers licence?
JACK PLEASE PLAY WRECKFEST OR NEXT CAR GAME
Moreeeee i love ittttttt
9:18 Jack Bond: License to Pizza
Beam ng is back
is it just me or does he sound more irish than normal in this vid?
Speeeeeeeeeeeed is key
ARLERD?? WHO THE FECK IS ARLERD???
Tasty Cola: Sponsorship for Jackaboy!
Coca-Cola: wait. That's illegal
Coca-Cola: ....
Coca-Cola: Sponsorship for Jackaboy!! (°-°;)
Am I the only person who squealed like a girl when I saw this came out
It’s good to see this game again even if it’s for one video it’s been like two or three years maybe even four since you last played this game I hope you play more of it I love the video keep up the good work.
Also you better get your drivers license and after you do you have to run every red light and just flor it!!!
And then you can get a parking ticket or a speeding ticket yes I love this idea!...  
I have problems and I’m not even driving yet dear god what’s wrong with me.
Holy shut yeesssssss
imagine how many of his drivers corpses jack has left behind since ep1 to now😂😂
Is it easy as easy butter though? Also fantastic pizza and coke. SPONSERRRS
Jack:What year is it.
Me:2019
Please keep playing this I've been waiting for sooo long
I went to like this video more than once but I'm sad because I can't 😭
Jack is REALLY trying guys he needs that sponser ship quickly or we will hear it forever (or like intil they actually sponser him)
Ay Jack how do feel about nogla and terrorizer "starting beef" with u about who's the best Irish youtuber?
Is it me or did Jack sound more Irish than usual?
I haven't been watching your show but now you look like Joseph seed from far cry 5
Please do more
like 45,950
“Lovely Pam trees” but one of them is named Lucy...
FINALLY
Jack, didn't you have flashbacks from the second time you died 😂😂😂
Every turn you took with the truck made remember of....

DEJA VU!

😆
MORE LOADING Screens it's like portal 2 all over again
We all have been waiting... And now the end is more far away than it ever was... THE LEGEND WILL GO ON!
2:34 For a " Fine piece of Italian JUNK " the acceleration on that thing is unrealistic.
No you need to do papers please again
MORE
Jack: taking random pictures at beginning of video
Me: in underwear, cup of coffee in hand and a look of complete betrayal
Jacks hair 
1 brown
2 green
3 brown shaved sides
4 ponytailish
Jack: being nice in the intro, making me feel like im loved
Me:  :)
Jack: BOO
Me: 



:(
Jack: Uno, that's a card game, it doesn't actually mean anything
Us, Spanish people: triggered
😂😂😂😂😂
Also: dia in Spanish means day
Jack: are you praying for me


Me: yes (while actually praying)

Edit: omg thanks for 64 like I have never got so much likes
Jack: “It’s so cute!” taking pictures
Me: Literally naked getting out of the shower. “WAIT WAIT WAIT”
"Don't say anything. You might spook it back into it's hole."
If That Is Not Me!!!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This video’s title:
I’ll get to the bottom of this

Jack playing the game:


Me: 
The monster in the second game was the Duolingo owl hunting you down for forgetting your Spanish lesson
Seàn: takes picture of me
Me: I think i blinked
Dead bodies
Jack to adults: They're sleeping
Jack to kids: You're gonna have to learn about death





This destroyed me
drinks out of a sippy cup
Anti? Is that you?
Why I haven't heard that name in years?
Some of the ghosts in the spooky detective game look like Napstablook from undertale.
Jack :scream louder I can’t hear your advice
Me : Screams dont die at the tv at midnight
I love this intro XD

Edit:

Jack:*Two lines intro*

Me: 

Edit 2:
Part A:
Me: We killed this channel with fanfiction

Part B:
Me: We didnt kill this channel  did (Anti I love ya dont worry)
Damn you Jack stop sneaking into my house and taking photos of me
18:31 I thought I saw something very familiar but didn't know what... I later realized that his hat reminded me of Flat Cap Sean... Oh the Nostalgia!!!!!
I poked the screen/Jack's face just as he shouted "BOO"
For god's sake it's Led Zeppelin.. not eagles!! 🤦🏾‍♂️
10:13 ANTI SPETIIIIIIIIC 😃😃❤️ <3
finally jack did what he said he was gonna do in pax east 😂😂😂
5:54  Lady:  "It's pretending to be dead so it can get closer to you"

Jack: well it's doing a terrible job



Dead Man: 
When he takes the picture and the camera I made a funny face did you? HELL YA ANTI.

Me: knew there would be a jump scare
Game: gives a jump scare 
Me: jumps anyway
Jack:*tales pictures and looks at the screen*
Me:*in my underwear and bra with hot coco*
Jack:*takes pic*
Me:uhhhh.....
Jack:*starts playing then someone falls in front of him*
Me:lol  :)
Am I the only one that  
*THOUGHT THE THUMBNAIL WAS A CONDOM
10:08 - 10:25
Anti: *Incoherent words that according to my friend who decoded that either says "Thank you for your contribution to this video" or "Thank you for your contribution to his/this death."

Me: Hey...Anti, eat a Snickers, you're not yourself when you're hungry.  

Anti: 

Me: Better?

Jack: Better.
Jack: wow it's so beautiful! Look at it sitting there....staring....
Me: eating food curled up in a blanket being a fat potato
16:56 I paused right when the monster is right in the doorway.


HELP WHAT DO I DO NOW, I DON'T WANNA BE JUMP SCARED :C
Me: Awww! Im cute?





Jack: It might go back into its hole!





Me: 
jack: You might spook it back into it's hole....
Me: i fEEL PERSONALLY ATTACKED
10:14
Oh. Ok. I see how it is.

Welp. If anyone needs me, I’ll be in my panicking room. Feel free to join.
jack: uno doesnt mean anything
duolingo: *cough*
Jake: BOO!!!
Me: Looking at comments
Also Me: Looks back at Jack hm?






I'm not trying to be rude this is just what happened.
11.44 is it just me that was kinda expecting one of those stupid period jokes? 😂
Jack: “Where is it? I need to look the part.”
Me: Gets excited “Is it your old hat?”
Jack: Pulls our detective hat
Me: “Looks close enough!”
jack: or secret door number three; all around me? 
me: i cAN FEEL YOU ALL AROUND ME
Roses are red
Ketchup is too
I got a like why is it blue
I feel so taken care of and cared for- 

Jack septic eye: BAHHHH-

Me: ......... I trusted you
Jack: uno doesn’t mean anything

Everyone else: guess he didn’t take Spanish
Jack-"I don't need luck I have a magnifying glass"
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Me-" I don't need luck I have my apple juice"
1:37 “UNO, thats a card game. It doesn’t really mean anything...”
Uno is “one” in Spanish at least XD
First game: it's One Shot's finale all over again (the tower)

Second game: stairs to heaven - Spike Spiegel's worst nightmare
Third game: Napstablook!
Jack: IT WAS YOU
me: with my hands up in surrender I'VE BEEN FRAMED
Does anyone think of SCP-2316 when they see the body?
You know the "You do not recognize the bodies in the water" one.

21:33 Speaking of SCPs,that painting is SCP-2521.
Jack: "Don't say anything. You might scare it back to it's hole."
Me: "HoW dID yOU KnOw whERe I LivE???"
1:37
"Uno.. That's a card game that doesnt actually mean anythinf though"

Spanish Language: "Am I a joke to you??"
Jack: Don't say anything,  you might spook it back into it's hole"
Me: thats where I am....at all times😂
Jack: "Wow it's so beautiful! Look at it sitting there....staring...."
Me, Eating a cup o noodles while curled up in a blanket with all my bedroom lights off : nO
You where expecting the game with the detective ghost! BUT IT WAS ME, DIA!!!
Jack: takes picture at beginning 
Me: face full of food, regrets
What if... the background was real, and JACK was FAKE.

Jack was the green screen all along...
me: makes a double shin 
Jack: look at you! you're so cute!
me: makes three double chins and sobs
Thx for giving me serendipity as an ad jack

And a Jimin focus boy in luv
Jack: jumpscares

Me: looking at my blanket

Jack: 

Me:huh sorry what?

Jack:wft

Me: 

Me:  wahh


Jack:oh my lord



Why did I spend like five minutes on this 😂



I bet the people who disliked the video where jump scared by jack 030
Me:*not really paying attention and getting eggs*

Jack: BOO!!

me:*jumps and drops egg* shit me man!...
Sean: “Wow— look at it! It’s so beautifuuulll!” 

Me: pfFFffffFtTtttTtt
the last game with the special magnifying glass reminds me of The Spiderwick Chronicles
Let’s be honest are we really ever prepared for the content jack uploads?
Didn’t you read the sign. NO FLASH PHOTOGRAPHY
Hey can you bring back the old hat for a video. That would be cool
Jack:just look at it sitting there, staring OH ITS SO CUTE!
Me: intense happiness :)

Edit:holy crap thanks for all the likes
who else screamed " YES ANTI IS BACK!" When he did that deep voice?
After you said it’s so cute I started to smile thx for making me smile
0:32 BOO. it took me a few seconds to put that in my little Irish brain of mine 🤣🤣
Jack: BOO!!!
Me: doesn't move a muscle
Jack: If that got you than you are not ready!!!!!!
Me: I am emotionally detached.
The Spanish word Uno in English is "Card Game"
Me: Sees thumbnail
Also me" Blooky?"
hears the jeopardy music in the background
Me: BA DA DA DA DA DA DAAAA!!!!
3:45 jack Gets spooked 😭
I'm covering my feet up now and turning on my light
Sean: WOW look at it. It's so beautiful....just sitting there staring..
Me: awkwardly wrapped in a blanket in the dark stuffing my face with Takis and Coca-Cola. (Zero sugar, same great taste with a hint of vanilla)
Stairway to Heaven by THE EAGLES ?!? 
Excuse me WTF?!
Me watching the intro : * blush* Stop it you flirty boy
Jack: Tries to take a picture

Me: knows it's a video but tries to hide face anyway
jack:I'm so glad Ur here 
me:lol
jack: SCREAMS
me: WTF JACK
Jack: Aww! Look at it sitting there!
Me: oop not me im layin down
Jack: look at it just staring so cute   

Me: awwwwww

Jack:  

Me: aaawwwwgghhaaaggg!! My eyes!!!!
17:02 All I got out of that was "You melt a chicken sandwich."
“Clues” @ 23:56

What’s in the magnifying glass?
Jack: Oh look at how cute that is!
Aww, thanks Jack!
Intro: 
Me: screeches and crawls back into hole with pizza roll bag in teeth
wait what-
does jack like Jay the Kubz Scouts????
"You might spook it back into its hole" IM CACKLING
Sean:*talking*

Me/Alix: triggered about his grey hairs and man ponytail
Sean: It's so beautiful! 
Me: * stuffing face with a muffin *
I don't suppose anyone checked the magnifying glass's reflection at the end there, did you? Around the end of 23:54, perhaps a clue ... Must have been my imagination
Me: reaches forward to adjust screen
Jack: reaches forward for power
We are in tuuuuune
While I was studying Irish I pronounced Dia Dhuit as dee-uh dweet because I used Duolingo Which doesn’t have a lot of pronunciation guidance
Jack: takes picturesand saying the thing is beautiful

Me: Haha Good One turns off light flicking my hair (its badically from david dobriks vlogs with Josh Peck)
"O it's so cute" 
I legit started smiling after that. You made my day ^^
clap FINISH clap WORLD OF clap GOO

It's been two years man..

Attempt #7
I love how that 'jumscare' at the beginning didn't get me-
"I saw one suspicious looking individual in the room downstairs to the right"
Jack: stares at room on the left
Me: sure why not
Jack- taking pictures
Me- quickly pulls finger away from nose thanks for the warning dUDE
HOW DARE YOU SCROLL DOWN!!  JACK IS TALKING....NOW GIVE RESPECT!!!
Is flextape holding his chair together or is it PMA
DOD anyone else scream ANTI! At 10:15 ya I did and now I have a un school detention
Led Zeplin Jackaboy! Stairway to heaven is Led Zeplin!
0:06: Pfft! Just your average tourist Jacksepticeye XD
“that’s a population of uno, that’s a card game but it doesn’t actually mean anything”

Spanish language: loud sigh
Having a really bad day. This intro made me feel so good. So so good. I am happy cry.
Uno, but that doesn't mean anything

Me: JACK! IT MEANS ONEEEEEEE!
Sean: "We're here to play some scary games!"
Me: turns off light, cranks up volume on headphones, full screen, HD. "BRING IT ON BABY!!"
Aww. Anti you're so sweet. You're very welcome. I really enjoyed the video.
"It's so beautiful! Look at it sitting there...Staring"
"It's so cute!"

Me: Scrunching up into a ball in my blanket Oh stawp it, you sweetheart you
Jack's totally planning to make a game 🤣🤣
00:08-00:32 Strangely starting getting ASMR tingles
00:33 Heart attack!
Did anyone else see anti in his magnifying glass at the end of the video when he said "There are always secrets"
dear jack: uno means 1 in spanish 




GET IT RIGHT NEXT TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jack: says anything in a distorted voice or glitches screen

Everyone else: ANTI??!!!?!!?!?!?!
me: leaves my room for once in my life
my family: "don't say anything...! you might scare it back into it's hole!"
Jack: stops taking pictures and looks at the screen
 Me: what's happening?
Jack: OH LOOK ITS SO BEAUTIFUL AND ITS JUST STARING
Me: ahem.. *ugly 😂😂
0:11 
Me:*Casually raising my middle finger while drinking cola*
am i the only one who noticed the duct tape on his chair 
edit: i think it’s for his green screen
The first one just confused me BAH 😂🤣
i gave you my energy spirit bomb style.
18:18 oh no




Did u lose ur flamingo shorts again? CMON SEAN
"Don't say anything. You might spook it back into its hole"


Me: Slowly slides into blanket cocoon.
Sean calling us beautiful then screaming at us is how I’m gonna describe him to people now
That scream at the end wouldve got me when I first discovered jack's channel lmao. But now I'm just expecting a scream every few minutes
The beginning warmed my heart and made me smile for once thanks Jack
I got all flustered when he was taking the pics in the beginning >////<
Jack: 0:17 Its so cute
Me: Im 14
"there are always secrets and clues lying around"
-literally the community searching for Ego hints
Jack: Wow it’s so beautiful! Just sitting there....staring....
Me: Wearing a face mask with many pimples, messy bun and wrapped in a burrito blanket.

Am I a Joke to you?
16:56 scared my life
Jack: Uno... That's a card game... that doesn't actually mean anything. Me: "facepalms"
So beautiful. Look at it just sitting there, staring. Aw, it's so cute.

You literally made me happy and blushy, thank you Sean.

Edit: Geez guys thanks for so many likes! Don't know why me, a lot of people said the same thing but you made my day so again thanks :)
Seriously. The intro started to make me smile and gave me a confidence boost then suddenly I jump and almost drop my food. 




I think this sums up my life pretty well
0:08 I actually felt flattered

0:19 nvm

 I'm not ready
1) uno is spanish for one
2) dia is spanish for day
"Scream louder," he says.
immediately sneezes.
The jumpscare didn't get me but the nice things he said made me smile like a toddler
Damn it, felt pretty then you try to scare me?!? 🥺
Jack: Ahhh, 1270!
Me: ONE TWO SEVEN THREE DOWN THE ROCKERFELLER STREET LIFE IS MARCHING ON DO YOU FEEL THAT?!
Jack- Thank you for coming to the channel and checking out the vid
Boo!!
Me- Wasn't paying attention so just looks back and stares
Literally Nobody:

Jacksepticeye: *Thinks "Stairway to Heaven" is by The Eagles, rather than Led Zeppelin".
Sean:"Just look at it sitting staring , oh so cute"
me: *awkwardly eating toast
Holy ship my  my eyeballs
Jack:you might spook it back into its (whatever he said) hole
also jack: BOO!
Welcome to...
My Michigander ass: THE DETROIT INSTITUTE OF ART

Jack: Deeyuh

Me: No
That's for calling all of us Beautiful & Cute!
Jack: puts on a detective outfit

Sherlock Holmes: "am I a joke to you?"
Two for life two for death...




TWO FOR THE PRICE ONE!!!
GET YOURS TODAYYYYYY
Jack: WOOOWWWW its so beautiful!

Me: Sean, I'm getting dressed go away for 2 seconds
takes picture
Me: YOU BETTER DELETE THAT
Jack: BOO! if that got you then you’re not ready for this video!

Me: well I’m not ready..
Aww the compliments made me happy.
10:29 Excuse me.. Water? Don’t you mean Coca Cola Zero Sugar same coke taste now with added vanilla
0:00 - 0:30
Jack seeing Americans for the first time
It's gonna crawl back into its hole
ALL INTROVERTS CONFIRM THIS
I loved the intro
jack: AHH I HATE BIRDS




dark shadow and tokuyama: T^T you mean
Woah he was taking pictures of me without my consent. CAN WE COPY STRIKE HIM!!!
21:33 the framed picture is the pic used for SCP-2521
My worst enemy 


Stairs
Jack: taking random pictures for no reason at all in the beginning of the video

Me: Why do I smell Crys of Fear?
Anti sounds like venom lmao 😂
0:07
Hes so amazed "its beautiful"
Me: stuffing my face with ham sandwich and drinking a barrel kids juice. 
Yep beautiful lol
10:30 
Jack-Oh Yes water!!
Me-(Looks at bottle) Waait a minute... Thats milk...
Jack: Shhh... Don't say anything. You might spook it back into it's hole. Hi!
Me: goes further into blanket cocoon
I just pressed enter when suddenly... 
Jack: BAM!!!
Beginning of video: LoOk At IT ItS SO cUtE
8:50 seconds in video: OH gAwD WaT iS iTtT
Jack: *puts on detective hat*
Jack’s old flat hat: am I a joke to you?
Me: guys we can make a new ego with this
Did anyone else think that the effect the second game had was sorta like the Instagram filter?
Jack: "BOO!" "If I scared you you're not ready."


Me: falls off chair.
Jack- oh it's so cute!
Me- licking taki dust off my fingers, and looking ugly af Aww thanks Jack
I WAS NOT PREPARED

Darn it, jack!
Lol, you missed the opportunity to call yourself Jack Magnifeye.
“It’s not after me it’s before me” 🤦‍♀️😂😂😂
Stairway to heaven is by Led Zeppelin Jack
Ghost: "You'll never take me alive!"
Me:
Me:
Me: [squints]
at the start
jack: HI! WOW! LOOOK THERES ONE AW ITS JUST SITTING THERE STARING
me: mentally disturbed 100
3:50
"Dont touch the body"
literally 20 seconds earlier
3:30 touches the body
Jack: wow look at that wall!
Me: looks sees gross wall no colour.me:REALY JACK
15:21 THE EAGLES DIDNT SING STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN LED ZEPPLIN DID
I'm starting to think Two Lines was meant to confuse you and never have I seen such beautiful confusion. XD
Whenever Jack says "THEY KNOW MY NAME" It reminds me of eviebot
Jack: "there are two lines, my line and your line"
me: but.... whose line is it.... anyway?
If that scared you, you haven't been subscribed long enough
jack: making me feel comfort, taking pictures "Theres one! Wow look at it, its so beautiful!" 
me: dying from a fever, sneezing and crying oMG im beautiful? UWu
Jack: Wow it's so beautiful. Look at it sitting there...staring 
Me: "Taking a massive dump" I am quite beautiful aren't I 😂
"I can't hear them, scream louder." Good one, Jack. 👍😂
Jack calling us cute at the start made my day. Thank you jackaboi

Edit:holy I've never had a comment this big before XD
Two Tender Lines....
Me: that sounds a little like "Two Tender Loins".....maybe im just hungry...
Jack: it’s so cute!

Me: making the weirdest faces I possibly can
"You might spook em' back into it's hole" Valid.
This intro is my favorite one by far
I’m so used to Jack yelling all the time that when he yells “boo” or something close it doesn’t do anything to me😂😂
Jack:BOOOOO! If that got you then your not ready
Me:boi I’ve watch you so much that I knew you were up to something😂
0:31 Dude I was here since 9M,
My ears readjust automatically now
Monster: “Hey Jack.”
Jack: “AAHH HE LOOKS LIKE A BIRD!”
Me: “Fly you fool!”
me: :(
jack, facing the camera: hey look! its beautiful uwu
me: :)
0:18 SNAP yep this gonna go on my cringe compilation
Also, when Jack put the hat... Good ol Times
jack:BOO! If that got you tour not ready.

me:Jack are you ok? Do you need help.....
Jack: 0:32 screams  BOO


Me: Jack you scream everyday this is nothing
Jack: look at it, just sitting there!
Me: I'm in this picture and i don't like it



also dia means day in spanish
Me:*almost falling asleep* 
Jack:Look at it staring!
Me: oop what?
Jack: it’s so cute! 
Me: whaaaaaaa- me?
Welcome to jack plays # games 1 video where jack starts reaching for transitions
Jack: just lay down there and think about what you're gonna do
Also jack: population of 2, me and my lover girl
Jack!! Dont forget about Life is strange part 3 😁🤗
The begging makes my heart warm up-
Ah-
Jack: Oooh it's so cute picture taken

Me:How'd you get in my house
I paused the vid while ur camera flashed, and I saw my sleep demon
Your hat says Detective Pikachu and I am quaking
You were expecting Dia.......
BUT IT WAS ME! DIO!
You must play the game buried it’s so fascinating and I think you’ll love it
When the screen goes black:
Me: ANTI, JUST LET SEAN FINISH HIS SENTENCE ONCE.


Me: CHASE YOU CAN STAY. ANTI F1!K OFF-
With in the first 20 seconds my day is already better. Thank you.
3:51: But Jack, you swear all the time. XD
23:32 XD ive got the mgs "!" sound as my text tone and almost picked up my phone when i heard it XDXDXDXD
2:22
Jack: "Oh, now there's a population of 2..."

God: "Yeah...  no"
Sean: It's beautiful...
Me: *sweating, messily eating sloppy joe cornbread and rice*...uhhh...hi. 😐
0:21
My mom when I finally come out of my room after 10 days of watching Netflix
What Jack said: "Why you keep falling over?"
What I heard: "Whatchya fell over for?"
jack good eye blookey      ME NAPSTABLOOK!!!!!!!!!   theme plays
Jack: B O O

Me: stares at the screen 

Also me:  im dead inside
Who else didn't get scared because he always suddenly starts screaming ? XD
Jack: Look at it, just sitting there......staring.....
Me: Watching awkwardly, Multicolored hair up in a messy clip eating a PBJ in a Tuatha Dea T-shirt
Jack: Don't say anything...... you'll scare it back into its hole.....
"you might scare back into its hole"
HOW DOES HE KNOW?!
" BOO
If that got you then you're not ready. You're not prepared, and you're not gonna survive this content."
-Sean, warning newcomers that his entire channel is based on screaming
18:50 ,  Am I the only one thinking he got that from BTS Jungkookie?
Am I the only army here..? :(
Me: Licks the bowl clean

Everyone in the restroom: ಠ_ಠ
Jack: you might spook it back into its hole
Me: im going back to my hole anyway so...
I legit smiled so wide and started tearing up when Sean called "me" cute 😂 Thanks Sean
10:38 
Me: but whose line is it anyway?



I crack myself up
jack saying: "i wonder if they know dia means god"
My spanish ass: （´＿｀）    dio?
Jack: what are you doing up there? That’s where lights are supposed to be, idiot
(screen buzzes, guy ends up on ground)
Jack: well at least he listened to me and came down
Jack: I need to eat donuts once more!
Me: slowly swallows my mini donut
I was feeling so loved and appreciated...
Then he yelled "boo".
Subscribing within the first  minute. THAT’S how you charm a new fan!
Dia means day in Spanish owo rawr......
Sean: B O O !
Me: [no movement at all] What, what was that?
i felt so odd when jack was talking to the camera at the beginning and i grinned and he said, “it’s so cute” 😳🥺
Wait...am I now noticing that Jack put tape over the green in his chair?...whelp I guess I was wither too scared, curious or laughing too much to notice!

(Im probably the only one right?)
YOu FrEAkInG WiLGgiNg WoRmMmmM
Jack - "look at it it's so beautiful" 
Me- sits there 
5 year old brother to me  - "He ain't talking to you, your ugly"
Before
Population:0
After jacksepticeyes video...
Population:Over 36M
dude
jack boi i didnt jump when you said boo i swear
Lmao Jack took a pic of my cola bottle
in the beginnig when he says look at it its so beautiful I WAS LITERALLY STUFFING MY FACE WITH MCDONALDS
Nice try Sean. I thankyou for calling me beautiful. Also burn things? Yes please
"You're just gonna sit there,  staring"

Stop exposing my lifestyle jack jeez.
I'm wearing headphones while watching..
😂😂😂😂😂 This opening is too accurate for the real world
Do you know that there are 13 YouTube play buttons
15:16
Sean: Heaven here I come! 
Me, an ACDC fan: Well Sean, not exactly. This could be a Highway to Hell! 
👍
That intro actually made me a little happy (▰˘◡˘▰)
Thank you jack for making my day GREAT I had my school needles today and I don't feel good I came home early and seen a new video by you and that made me happy so thank you keep up the AWESOME work.
You made my eyes blurry for a sec
Jack: WHOAH. WHAT IS THAT!!!? WHAT IS THAT!?!?!? 
Me: OMG CRAB RAVE 2.0!?!?!?
Awwwww, the beginning just made my day 😊😁
0:07 i see a great meme opportunity here guys and girls
Didn't even flinche, also, thank you for calling me beautiful 😂
Stairway to heaven......Led Zeppelin
ANYBODY KNOW THAT DUDE?!

he literally played these games!!

Like if you do
10:14 Don’t deny you thought Anti was gonna show up here
this is the kind of intro I'm here for, thanks Sean you made my day xD
17:21: "Hwat happeed and Hwy?" Oh my God, Jack! XD
19:14 NABSTABLOOK there you are after you got released from the undertale world!
Jack: shh don't say anything, you might spook it back into it's hole

My thoughts: yup don't talk to me, I hate people that's why I live in a hole 😂😂
Someone normal: Boo!


Me: I’m fine.




Jacksepticeye: B O O.



Me: 
Thanks for not swearing any more Shawn I was not allowed to watch you before
Two Lines had Silent Hill street names

And music too.
Those dislikes were the people who were psychopaths who were in the purge.
Jack: taking pictures
Me: sitting in the couch shoving doritos in my mouth and drinking big red with the volume all the way up on my head phones
3 things that happened today:
(1) My neighbours said they didn't like Jack's voice
(2) My neighbours got hit by a bus
(3) I lost my bus license
"Look at it, just sittin' there...staring...oh, it's so cute!"
Me: Yes you are.
Thanks jack your really nice
jack starts talking to the camera normally
I feel like he’s tricking me
Man! Two Lines is A-MAZE-Ing! X,D
At the beginning when Sean pointed at the camera and said “look it’s so beautiful” I was wiping the tea off my face lmaoo 😂🤦🏻‍♀️💀
Omg that intro thank for noting for damit edit:jk srry I said as  I'm insulting myself
Dia in my country means day :v
"there are always secrets and clues lying around" 

ah... interesting
This opening is basically how anybody treats me when I come out of my room

The boo made me jump and IDK why but I started crying
20:55

Jack: what's up Jim. 
Me: has flashback

Flashback: 
I felt really special and loved until Jack tried his hand at that lame excuse for a jumpscare.
10:29 water, really jack?
Why not the same great coke taste with zero added sugar and a hint of vanilla?
Dia duit ! Haha
(All i really learned from duolingo. That and Ithean an cat an damhàn alla)
Not gonna lie, that intro kinda made me feel nice, thanks Sean :)
When the screen went black my brain was like " Antisepticeye!?Antisepticeye!?Antisepticeye!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪
the intro made me feel very uncomfortable and i dont want to think now
I'm eating pizza as I watch this 😂
"Dia" in my native language actually mean "His" or "Her".
Jack plz play a SCP game
Game:
                Warning

There is nothing scary ahead.
          No sudden noises.       
       No flashing images
    No one will follow you.   



Me: I DON’T TRUST THIS!!!
i was to busy blushing from the intro to be jumpscared
I felt so happy because of the intro it made me really happy I don’t know why
Game: "Don't come closer to the body, it's not what you think it is!  It's...a dead man..."
Me: "B*tch, that's exactly what i thought it was."
Jack tells you that you're cute when you're in toilet.
Really?
xD Is it only me or..
Jack: Is a professional YouTuber 

Also Jack: Has Duck Tape on his chair
When he said subway, I looked at my broccoli and cheese soup from subway and I thought to myself, what a coincidence...😂
legit felt so special at the start, wow i have no friends
pretty kid friendly 
until he starts cussing lol
is that a new ego I spy








no, it's not but I just thought of detective septic
Jack:
*Taking photos*There! It’s beautiful! Aww it’s so cute!
Me: lying in bed with an extreme case of bed hair LOL NOPE🤪😆
OMG THE BEGINNING I WAS SMILING SO MUCH BECAUSE I NEED TO HEAR THAT I AM SO LONELY THANK YOU JACK YOURE SO AMAZING
I thought the thumbnail is napstablook
What’s with the short poney tail jack
Edit:
Jack: takes pictures 
Me:in in burrito blanket with soda and chips
0:07 
Me: I NEeD A aDuLT
when jack was talking about how beautiful we are, i was stuffing my face with french fries.....
That was literally the best intro ever also you didnt get me. Always prepared for the Sean spoops
Goodness gracious, I’ve known this guy since he was at 90k subs😭👌
Person: sneezes on unvaccinated child 

Unvaccinated child: 4:13
Jack: plays horror game that’s meant to make him scared

Jack: DISEASES! DISEASES EVERYWHERE!
0:18 thanks man, I needed to hear that

0:33 well ain’t you just a bag of salami fingers
Plz play Infra, it's a great game in my opinion
Jack-tective: blames us for killing the platform
Me: I'M INNOCENT! YOU GOTTA BELIEVE ME!! I'VE WITNESSED THE HORRORS OF YOUTUBE!! I'VE SEEN THE PEOPLE HERE SUFFER!! PLEASE!! I'M INNOCENT!! starts crying
How did he know I live in a hole?? 😂😂
That first jump ... I haven't jumped like that in a longgg time oof
Detective Jack: "The non-Detective Pikachu spinoff
I haven’t been able to watch YouTube for a while and I come back to this intro thinking Jack knows I’ve been gone 😅
Wow it's been so long since I seen jacksepticeye I now remember I love his lovable personality an awesome voice
The opening was adorable
jack screams BOO
me- ~doesn't even flinch and continues with video~
jack- if that got you then you aren't ready!
me- that was supposed to scare me? im probably just to used to jack screaming.....
Screen goes black and voice 
everyone: ANtIii~Senpai GAssPPP


Please don’t come for me
"Okay, can I get in the trash where I belong?" 
No Jack, you cannot. You are too amazing to be trash. But I am.
Jack is like a role play Asmr.
Jack: I wonder if they knew that Dia means God

Me: I thought it meant day O.O
Jack: Can I go in the trash where I belong? 
No Jack, no. Don't steal my home.
First 5 seconds of Jack:Tourist
Rest of it:Population 1forever

Edit:Or human monster noodle doing the Flop.And I just realized there’s more.
Oops!
No Jack, I don't wanna leave my hole. The world is SCARY!
Do I spy a Welcome to Night Vale reference?
Jack:look at it just sitting there stareing
Me:looking to the right at the tv while watching on tablet
The intro seriously made me so happy I was so touched 







Then I was scared and I felt betrayed and I actually was scared by it
Edit: I WAS WEARING HEADPHONES TOO
I feel so loved even though the beginning of the video was supposed to be a jumpscare☺
All the jump scare that Jack tried to pull just made me laugh but it took about 5 seconds for me to laugh
Hey look!

It's wild content, better not scare it off
Jack, you are my spirit animal! I love you sooo much.
Who else clicked faster than sonic😂?

(Im gifting subscribers) fr
That opening made me feel so good about myself. 😊😊😊😊😊 I even made my roommate watch it. Lol darn tootin Im cute!
Jack: dia means God in Irish 
Me: dia means day in spanish
DIA means "she/he" in Indonesian
person: we can get out of this together


Jack: 7:37
Hey Jack thanks so much for playing my game Spooktective! Super awesome to have something made during a game jam played by heaps of people :D
did jack...did jack just say stairway to heaven was by tHE eaGLES?!?!?
Anyone else acting along the beginning?
im telling my mom, you spooked me
The beginning made my day for some reason it was so sweet and endearing 🥺❤️
"Its so cute!"

Me: *smiling*

Picture flash 

Me: NoOoOoOoo
Sean making me feel good only a few seconds into the video. ^^
What happened to his intro?? Missing the old one :'(
that opening though! my favorite one yet!
Jack thank you for being alive when ever you play a game and upload you always put a smile on my face
Me when it's break fast time in ramadan: 10:29
Edit:there are more Muslim jacksepticeye fans than I expected
Also keep your peepers on because there might be clues to help us with the anti and jack case
When jack was playing the second i saw my reflection  and that scared me
Who else started violently blushing on the intro
Honestly jack had me tearing up at the beginning of the video 😂
Jack Spookly: Paranormal Detective.......I feel another ego coming on!
In Indonesian Dia is a Subject for third person
Dia means : She, He, it
He screamed boo and I laughed 😂😂😂😂
0:09
bro it was so awkward saying all that’s stuff, i’m in the bathroom HAHAHAHA
I was actually having a bad day until the intro. Thanks Jack  😂
When Jack doesn't start off the video with top of the morning to ya.
Me :(
'No One Will Follow You'

paranoia increased
Headphones dark room jacksepticeye not a good idea lol
Ah,another persona! JACK SPOOKLY
0:20 I'm calling my lawyer. I did not consent
"It's so cute"
*Happy cake eating intensifies *
The screen turned dark and i though my phone turned off then i heard voice and i was like okay
JACK WHAT THE HELL
WHEN YOU SCREAMED BOO I DROPPED MY PHONE ON MY FACE

DO YOU KNOW HOW PAINFUL THAT IS?
jack: aww its so cute


me: in shark onesie eating sushi i am not cute
ME on a spiritual level
Jack: Uno Wich doesn't mean anything



Me: It mEaNs OnE

Ps Uno means one in Spanish idk if it means something in other languages
The intro helped my day a lot😭☺️
THE BEEEARD!!



YES
10:15 GOD DAMN IT NOT AGAIN
Dia is also "day" in Spanish :P
Me: zoning off into space
Jack: distorted BoOoOoO!! If you jumped your not ready for this game.
Me:... what happened? skips back and watches all over again
“Don’t say anything. You might spook it back into its hole.” 
Great, now even Jacksepticeye is criticising my life choices
UwU I didn't realise it was uploaded 2 days ago... I was too busy to be in school and not finish this video
Jack: The murderer was... YOU!
Me: gasp How did you know?!? ...please don't tell the co-
Jack: You killed the channel!
Me: Oh... Ha... Ha ha ha.... Nervous laughter you... Uh... You meant that...uh... I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING I SWEAR!
this has nothing to do with horror games but, does anyone want jack to play Butterfly Soup as much as i do?
Game: Welcome to DIA
Me: Denver International Airport?
Jack: The mighty Vikings haircut

Hipsters: Omg I’m going try that cool hair doo

Me: No stop it hipsters! That haircut is only for warriors!
Can we all take a moment to realise Sean said The Eagles instead of Led Zeppelin in regard to “stairway to heaven” 😂
The seventh of May was my birthday can I get a happy birthday
Wiggle worm 😂
>be me
>be sitting in a cold room snug on chair
>is enjoying Sean's compliments at beginning of video
>receives spook
>jumps out of chair and curses video
I love how jack is is so interactive with his audience
23:50 he says there are clues hidden around...
I’m guessing that means there are actual hints to a secret video
Jack:horror games

Me:oh shit here we go again
Sean: "This really is a stairway to heaven-the eagles were right!"
Me: "Wrong band, but you got the spirit! :D"
Hi Jack!
Dammit Jack. Congrats on being the first youtuber to make me blush. And in the first minute too!
'DIA' is 'Day' In Portuguese XD
Anti! my boy! its been a while!
7:58
"Im making it all the way thats a bad sign"
You dont believe in STEVE?!?!?!?!
idk y but the flash got me while the ear rape boo of jack didnt
18:14 I DROPPED MY HOT-POCKET
6:43 - he is literally standing on what he is not suppose to stand on. Like boi. I paused at 6:43 and I am not excited at why he isn’t moving forward
0:07 Am I going into your cringe compilation Jack?
Anti: ......
Me: ......
Anti: ..... Boo
Me: .... screames
Anti: ..... I just said-
Me: 
Anti: HOW ARE YOU SCREAMING LIKE THAT?!?
I am glad I am irish
The first one was a bit black mirror-esque, really enjoyed it.
"The eagles were right"
Facepalm
Jack: Aw loot at it!
Me: an awkward potato
Oh Jack... my boy... please tell me you didn't say that Stairway to Heaven was by the Eagles...
Jack what happened to your chair did you break it getting scared haha
Dia means day in Portuguese 😂
im loving these bit intros so much
Why is jacks chair like taped together?? 😂😂😂😂
What the hell was that outro!?
Jack: If only it was still super sunny outside I could go burn things.
You feeling ok dude!?
I was never more prepared for a jumpscare than in the beggining of this video
Okay, so the intro made me feel real great and then all of a sudden I jumped cuz of his cheap jumpscare ->-
Me: im so damn tuckered....
Jacksepticeye: ...Like those embarassing things those girls did to me when i was younger....
Me: second wind Whos ass am i kickin??
Dia means day you silly boy
Me: first time watching jack in a coulple of months

Jack: come on in, it's nice to see you again!

Me:  you precious irish cinnabun why you gotta do me dirty like that?
Dia duit a Séan. Conas atá tu? Ta mé go maith mar tá mé ag faichaint tú! Slán go foil!
Intro made me happy😊
he was flashing us at the beginning of the vid
Awww thanks Jack ❤
Who else didn’t know this was a gaming video when they first clicked 





As a youtuber I don’t consider it misleading tho, I’m just dumb😂
Jack I can't fit through my phone
oh that Metal Gear Solid sound effect!! You're just trolling us now :P
That fucking intro made my heart flutter. Thanks jackaboy
8-bit Ryan??
When ever the screen turn black I was questioning, "Anti?!?"
jack are you stressed you are getting a lot if greyish hair my dude
10:13 I haven't even read the comments yet but I'm 99% sure that most of them will be about anti when I'm also like 80% sure that Robin and Sean weren't even thinking about that XD
Edit: turns out most of them were about Jack taking a picture of us XD NEVERMIND
Jack: UNO is a card game; it doesn't mean anything.
Everyone:  Uh..."uno" means "one," which is why you yell "UNO" when you have one card in your hand during the game....
We love you, ya weirdo.  :P
Welcome to


Diarrhea
Mood: "can I just go into the trash where I belong?"
Antiseptic is BACK
Jack: uno doesn't actually mean anything
Spanish speackers: am I a joke to you?
I watched the intro on the toilet. And I feel violated
19:13 Napstablook from Undertale but happy
I'm loving the new interactive intros, keep up the great work Sean/JackSepticEye. ^_^
As he saying that it’s starting as I am staring
Just what I needed someone to say I’m beautiful and cute while I shamelessly shove Taco Bell in my face 😂
The beginning 😍
Just 2 let you know, I actually had to live underground for 2 years
Me: sips lemonade
Jack: “BOO!”
Me: not fazed at all.
Dia also means Day in portuguese
Hmmmm nice video ҉٩(*´︶`*)۶҉҉
Jack: Mr. Marble?
Me: ARLO???
Good news i liked the video 
Bad news i pooped my pants
JSE fans: this is normal

New people watching: ......what freash hell have i walked into?
i have a feelin' that anti is behind this
You have more subscribers that the population of my town
2.30 
WHAT YA FALL OVER FOR?!
I'm in love with your tiny man tail.
13:21
Seán: "I'm gone like an easy, breezy..." 
Me: "Beautiful covergirl?"
Seán: "....fart!"
Me: "Oh...."
Tappada mornin to ya ladies ma name is jackspedicey and my pp real spicy
That second game pretty much depicts the most common type of nightmare I have
You nearly blew my ears out Jack! Dammit Sean!
Jack: I hate birds! 
Me, remembering Jack: "I love nature! Hello birds!!! "
Seriously jack.
The beginning was so cute and now it’s horror 👌🏼
1:10 ; Population: 22M
I missed the jumpscare lol
I love that intro 😁😁😁
Lol, he is in the darkness void for fourteen years and first thing he does when he escapes is play a scary game.
When Sean misses the idea of two lines...
....Oh no...
BOO!

Did I get you?
I'm eating subway rn lol 5:29
Finally the flat cap is back!!!
Well, not really a flat cap
10:21 Anti-septiceye crossed the line...

TWO LINES
remember when Jack would always wear a hat like that, I miss that
And thank you for calling my prriiiiiiiity
13th on gaming! (probably higher earlier lol.)
1:17 Me thinking "Día" was referencing the word "Day" in Spanish, Oh Silly Me...
Jack:Look! So beautiful! Takes pictures 
Was changing clothes: No no no, wait god damn it!
The beginning made me warm and fuzzy until he yelled boo
Tf is this intro
BOO!
oh ok than
Nice try 😊 not easily scared...
hay jack im likeing my you stile of the vid your making and having it more interactable its feels kinda cool and new. keep up the good work cant wait to watch this vid again with my gf!
Jack:it's beautiful staring at me.
Me: violently eating tuna pasta  thx
Jacks voice is always making me flinch
Jack: What are you doing? Ghost pooping....in the bath?
Me: facepalms noo jack hes obviosly ghost bathing!
why when he was taking the picture on the camera and pointed at us i was smiling REAL hard lol ? .
in italian "Dio" means God and "Dea" means Goddess (I'm Norwegian not Italian btw)
23:38
You mean James Charles' career??
18:27: Jacksepticeye, ACE DETECTIVE!
Replace a with e. Scary(in Dia)
You know Jack that hat brings back old memories of you when you were younger

I'm not saying your old but you've grown
Why is the thumbnail Nabstablook with a mustache
0:07
I had a mouthful of pizza.
2:20
Jack woke that man up. He then to complain to Jack when he fell over and decided it wasn’t worth it and fell back to sleep where he landed.
That opening warmed my heart so much
this intro was uncomfortable
"if its written in blood its serious." jacksepticeye 2019. 10:50
In hindsight, watching this at 1 am with my husband sleeping next to me and all the lights of WASN’T the best idea...
Jack really reminds me of Mark's old videos for the last game. 😂
That intro made me feel loved and adorable
Awww I loved the intro
come on dude.... do some anti stuff already
yall shouldve seen my face when i heard anit
hopefully thats not natural gray hair man
ummmmmmmmmmmmm at the begining  when jack was staring at the camera saying its so beutiful look at it just stare i was acually not blinking staring at the screen holy frick
Jack: It's so beautiful!
Me: Awwww.
Dad: I hope you kn- Why are you blushing?
Me: N-NO REASON!
HE CALLED ME BEAUTIFUL!
snap that’s going in my cringe compilation
that intro made me smile tho
Dia dhuit cén chaoi a bhfuil tú
The first 25 seconds of this video made my heart happy❤️
Jacki boi has a ponytail. YES
you should play just shapes and beats think of it as a mix between geometry dash and Undertale but a bullet hell with no words
“Look at it just sitting there”
ExCuSE Me?! im lYiNg DoWN !!
I miss his intro. 😥
When the bird boi was chasing jack and you see him far away- it reminded me of...

FLINT LOCKWOOD
Jack why do you have a ponytail
jack: takeing ramdom picture 


me: hisssssssssss
Antisepticeye 10:20 😂😂
“Feck”

Callmekevin?
I’m probably like the 2000th person to say this but Día also means day. Like Día de los Muertos: Day of the dead
I just noticed that the magnifying glass in the spooktective game is like the mirror from Bendy Chapter 5
Not gonna lie, when Jack looked at the camera, called me cute and took my picture...my heart skipped a beat
Dia in Indonesian means him / her .
Why does that thumbnail ghost remind me of Napstablook from Undertale?
Why does my mom say that same intro every time I come out of my room
3:57 Died man walking ( died girl walking)
Play trap adventures 2🤣
ODD1sOUT will make a great sandwich for u
10:16
I couldn't have possibly been the only one to expecting Anti to show up at that part
....or maybe I'm just deprate...
This was a fun video to watch nevertheless!
Jack always makes me laugh.

18:26
Does that hat say detective Pikachu on it?
0:00 CRINGE COMPILATON TIME (pewds meme)
play The Long Dark please
9:47 that was kind of what they did with alien isolation. Using that radars system.
Jack: No it has a population of Uno, but that's a card game, that doesn't even mean anything.

Me: tHaT MeANs oNe in SPanIsH
Long time Jacksepticeye fans remember his old grey hat
the intro made me cry-
The intro made me feel special
So uhhh that one transition reminded me...has Chase been impersonating Jack who is in a coma for like a year now?
Please play "don't close your eyes" it's a survival horror game!
If jack ever does anti at a meet up would someone pleeeeease had him a snickers.... Its for the research...
jokes on you. im already in my hole.
That intro made me grin like a fool, and blush...
you've aged well after adding 14 years
Jacksepticeye is the world's greatest detective

Sherlock Holmes who?
Dia means : he/she in Malay, just saying :)
DIA! JOTARO!
“My God... this really is a stairway to heaven... The Eagles were right!” - Jacksepticeye talking about a song by Led Zeppelin 2019
When he took a pic in the beginning of the vid I flipped off my phone
B O O !

Me: stares.


Jack: you’re not gonna survive thi-



Me: W R O N G !
First of all, too late
LOL
It makes me a lil sad that jack doesn’t “toppina mornin tO ya ladies” anymore
Imagine Jack as Detective Pikachu.. I need a video of pikachu with Sean's voice
That intro was really clever lol
when he started to say nice things I started to laugh and get it seriously XD but then...








I JUST POOPED!
Idk what the voice said when jack ended the second game, but I heard "ur not the chickens surface" and I found it hilarious
0:32 gives a new meaning to jumpscare warning
DIA: but it was me DIO all along!
Dude I watch this shiz every day sir!
That beginning had me blushing. 
Don't do this to me.
I am so ugly, man.
I live on finewood street
Maybe it's Duolingo coming for you
jack you did not scare me with that "boo" at the begining of the vid
the first 30 seconds scared me more than the entire rest of the video
Oh please let Anti be in the next scary games video.
I died at the beginning xD
Me : how Mny steps did you take to day 
Jack: 405087272922737392284809135063  
Me : ;-;  uhhhhh ok .....
The last game was so adorable 👻
The beginning was so cute
Almost everyone:"Why does Jack always take photos of me?"

Me: weird flex, but okay
as well as crossout
16:56 this is where both me and my heart jumped! 😰
"Dia" means "Day" In Spanish.
You are SO right about the food xD
hey, is it weird if I make fanart of Jack’s broken lamp?
Why are you drinking water instead of your Coke Zero Sponsorship same great coke taste zero sugar with a hint of vanilla
is it just me that I got flusterd??😅😅😅
Not sure if I approve of your man bun there jack? 😂
0:32 when jack done the jump scare it didn't scare me because I thought he was just screaming like normal XD
Jack react to seagulls by bad lip reading
Where's the "top of the morning to you laddies"?
The cap is back! (At least for one part of a video)
17:00 that actually got me 😶
Hey Jack I just want to suggest a game called Desire,Its like Fran Bow but all about anxiety and loneliness I know you played the sequal yesterday but I was too late to ask this game is really old btw I think.
0:32 is the best part 10/10
Damn, Seans acting gives me goosebumps.
That opening was so wholesome, I feel pretty for the first time in forever...
0:10-0:31 my friends and family when i finally come out of my room 😂
He said, “I need to eat donuts once more!” At the exact same time as I put a donut in my mouth. I think he’s watching. 😂
Is the ghost with headphones Napstablook?
Jack calling me cute made my day lol
Me? Staring
Volume? Down
Hotel? Trivago
Did he really say that Uno does not mean anything
Thanks jack! For the little (maybe not) anti, I miss him hahaahah 10:10
it was so weird when he said uno the Uno ad showed.
Is Youtube watching us?
Jack there's new stuff in slime rancher!!!
every single fangirl at the beginning of the video : OMG HE CALLED ME PRETTY SKSKSKSKSKSKSKSK
5:47 was so funny ohmygod they just go boof and face plant lmao
I miss the old introduction and green hair
And we have a new ego! Detective Jacque!
Thanks Sean for always making me laugh or smile
Omg  the intro I am... UGH IT MADE ME FEEL SPECIAL 😂
Did anyone watch the beginning and glare at the video as if he was actually talking to you? And then didnt jump, and go HA when he was saying stuff about not being ready?
 Am i just that weird? Yeah makes sense xD
Sean listen that didn't scare me I'm used to you screaming lol
Honestly I wasn’t even ready I didn’t get spooked at all lol 😂😂😂
are you high 😂👌🏻
Hey Jack just wanted to tell you that your content has just jumped to another level after Robin took over. (No offense to your earlier editing of course) but yeah that's it. Love you ❤️
no lie, sean should help make a game or like- not design it but write the story.
And now Jack will try to get a Subway Ad.
2 lines-the guy slit his wrists and is stuck in purgatory
Such a charming detective!😊
You missed out on the perfect opportunity to title the video "I'll get to the Boo-ttom of this"
10:15 

Anti? Is that you?
Ya'll ain't talkin bout 10:15?
1:37 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ it means one in spanish
His not sleeping his dead all of them are dead
Stairway to heaven was NOT written by the Eagles. Led Zeppelin my friend
I feel violated after that intro
You must be careful for the night is dark and full of terrors!
I havent watched your videos in awhile. You look like a Viking now LOL!! I like it!! 👍👍
I droped my phone right before you said boo so i got scared twice
Who else heard "Thank you for your contribution to his death" ?
Okay but the intro made me melt
didn't get me at all
lol
The intro to this video both made me laugh and freaked me out! I loved it!
Jack makes all of the horror games not scary😄
Ok jack, you deserve the like because of the intro. Thanks for calling us cute bud.
My goldfish is sleeping





End me
all the way!!!!!
Please do more prop hunt jacky boy
That intro is everything! I love that he knew I was starting at his soul, looking through the screen, hearing his thought... Watching his every move... Even after the camera is off... I. Am. Always. Watching. I HOPE YOU ALL HAVE A GOOD DAY. DON'T WORRY. I CAN PROTECT YOU... A L W A Y S. . . . .
*We have to repopulate the city?
Im down with that*
Lol
0:31 voice break xD
The intro killed me
I'm starting to notice more and more subtle anti things.
lol the begining made me happy
JACK THERE'S NEW SLIMES IN SLIME RANCHER PLEASE RECORD SOME OF THEM!!! 😁😁
Maybe this is why  Subway delivers now👌👌👌
Jack saying stuff like “welcome~” and the camera stuff made me laugh but his boo made me choke on air as I was laughing >.<
in Indonesia "Dia" mean "she/he"
Dia means day in Spanish
Well in Indonesia DIA means she/he
Coincidence!.i think not
In moment when Jack changing games, I even think that Anti is back :c
That intro made me feel great!
I thought the thumbnail was a strange Diglett from Pokémon
you took the first 2 games from the kubz scouts
At 10:28 I heard the voice and I thought anti was back so I was like "anti yes I missed you"
cough Led Zeppelin cough
You made me laugh
"you might spook it, it might go back into its hole"
me: I'm already in my hole, dammit
Well, I was naked while watching this (don't ask) and now I'm paranoid about Sean stalking me enough that I dreamt about him perving around
ANTI’S BACK!
but how an there be two for life and two for death because that would make it four lines dude
Jack: look at it its so beautiful...its so cute

Me: * chokes on chips *
Me: I smell anti ( :’))
Jack: Look at it, it’s so cute. *Snap*( Take a picture)
0:22 
I AM READY
I AM PREPARED
I AM READILY PREPARED
I AM GOING TO SURVIVE
Two Lines was the portrayal of purgatory after suicide, that was deep and amazing
When he said I’m beautiful I did the 
Middle finger 🖕🏿 sorry jack
What kind headphones does Jack wear? Anybody?
The magnifying glass on the third game
Made the ghosts
DETECTIVE
That intro was the best
OMG I HAVEN'T WATCHED JACK IN SO LONG BUUUT THAT LITTLE PONYTAIL IS SO CUUUTTTEEE
'Día' means 'day' in Spanish, so that might be where it comes from.
Awwww, jack called me cute~
0:14 I felt weird because I was actually sitting 
On a chair
Staring
At Jack
That was weird okay...
4:51 I thought he was going to say 0 sugar with added vanilla...
(/^-^(^ ^*)/(つ✧ω✧)つ
The 2nd game (Two Lines) is about suicide. Your character slit their wrists in the bath (each wrist is a line), died, and 'woke up' in a purgatory/hell, where they're just being chased in a barren city by a monster. I think the monster represents the realization of what you did, because it shows up when you find your body again. The cycle then repeats, probably for eternity.
The last game was just delightful
10:12 ...Anti? I might just be imagining things but I feel like I heard some backwards audio in this part.. and then Jack talked about the darkness he had been in for 14 years which could be related to the "coma" he's in or something? Idk, but we need an investigator on this case
I WANT ANTI BACK FK SAKE
Dia is day in portuguese
Taibhse is ghost in Irish.👌🇮🇪
Jack you are the sweetest 💚
"You might spook it back into its hole"
Me: hiss 
hides under blankets
Getting Anti vibes from this
That was a good intro.
Getting an antisepticeye felling from this video
No Jack ur getting greys
Anyone else went to see if dia actually meant god?

Well i googled it and it does
What was in the magnifine glass at the end of the video
I.. what a cute intro
0:13 Jokes on you Jack, I was doing homework
Creator of the second game came a long way from being a game developer
0:07 Jack: "it's so beautiful" 
Me: stuffing my face with a grilled cheese sandwich XD
Dia in portuguese means Day, so it's weird for me too lol Bom Dia means Good Morning and Dia alone means Day, so knowing it means God in Irish is also pretty weird
the intro made me happy ^v^
Jack I'm going to Ireland for the first time. You got any recommendations?
can he bring the flatcap back?
"I was in da darkness for fourteen years! "
Me: Did you find anti?
Can you do Another Astronear 
series
I have an oc that is called Dia (my pfp is the oc / dia)
tabs with the garlic warrior
Am I the only one absolutely loving these edits ?
Jack: just staring
me, getting mad anti vibes: *blinks* ur wrong
Edit: holy crap I didn't think I'd get this many likes. Thanks fam
I'd love more intros like this <3  0:33
Jack can you play MortalKombat 11?
And that's a dedetcive pikachu hat
How could you hate birds??? They're so cute!!
“Can i just go into the trash where i belong?” 




Me too
lets get 47k likes for the intro
i mean the loud noise at the start got me to look at the screen
0:33 the fastest Spook in the west
Jack Clone Drone In The Danger Zone has updated tons - like so jack can see
Jack:Look At It Just Sitting There

Me:Wrong Im Laying On A Bed
Dia is also malay/indonesian for him or her.
@ 0:39 when he yelled boo, I didn't flinch I just kept eating my eggs
Thanks for the ads
0:08 this made my day! Thanks jack!
Your mom will never die❤️






Łïké äñd šûbščrïbë tø äčtívâté
ANTI!!!! NOT TODAY YOU GREMLIN
In my country,Dia means him/her
21:33 SCP-2521!!!
Jack: “Dia dhuit”
Anti: “Yes I glitch are you blind?”
What did the ground say when he started the detective game
All these games were pretty good. That last one was adorable and I liked the concept behind it.
Wait you have a ponytail
0:10 it went over my shoulder and caught my dad...
"Can i just go into the trash where i belong?" 

SAMMMMEEEEE THOUGH XD
Dude did he just say that uno doesn’t mean anything? 😂
you say you haven't seen the purge but you have seen rick and morty so you should know what a purge looks like
Dia in malay is he/her
I miss your green hair 😭
Jack wearing the detective hat reminds me of the good old days!!😀
Dang it after the first game and the lights switched of I really wanted Anti to apeer and say a Monologe about death and shit
Dia? Sounds like healing.
I think I just got clickbated.. where is that cute little ghost from the thumbnail... little mustache and all..
jack said boo! im****
Today's fact: We cut down around 27,000 trees every day to make toilet paper!
Dia means morning or day in Portuguese
0:30 
Jack: BOO 

Me : AGHHHHH REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
It’s the fact I was drinking water when he said “oh water”
Jack: BOO!
Me: *No reaction
Jack: If that got you- BOO!
Me: *No reaction
Jack: *Makes DIA puns
Me: LoUd ScReAmInG
Jack: HE LOOKS LIKE A BIRD! I HATE BIIIRDDDSS!!!!!!! 

Me: But... birds are life br-

Jack:  

Me: ;-;
...sean... please don't tell me you got most of this games from kubz scout's video. most of these games where in his video to.
Jack y spooktective My brother has bragging rights now
Actually Jack, Uno is Spanish for one
is it just me or am i the only one that flip him off throw the hole intro
Me: yayy another vid lets watch this.... doesnt pay attention to vid
Jack: screams
Me: jesus christ
why no more hi five intro
Am i the only one who misses jacks "TOP OF THE MORNIN TO YA!" intro?  why did he stop doing it?
Dia or Dio Brando




Kono Dio da
Play kindergarten 2 demo
Aww he called us cute and bootyfull 😂😂😂❤👍 and Sean you didn't scare me
21:32 SCP!!!
I got spooked by the jumpscares but your funny comments brought me back to life <3
HEY GET YER BUTS UP HERE AND GO FULL SCREEN REEE
I almost chocked on my burrito in the beginning jfc Jack
Me: wearing period sweats, a baggy shirt, and the abomination nest sitting on my head  
Jack: Awww ur so cute
4:02: WAIT!? ZOMBIES!?
16:56 that scared the crap out of me 😂😂😂 I ended up kicking the frame of my bed lol
Jesus fkin christ!!!
You should try star conflict and dreadnought.
Nobody


Japanese tourists: 0:00 - 0:19
10:22 Anti!! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Two lines is literally just London
jacks verson of a scary game is one with complete silence it freaks him completely out
That got me lol did not see the boo coming
Sean: “Wow— look at it! It’s so beautifuuulll!” 



Me: Feels loved but weird at the same time!?
I’ve been commenting whoosh on people getting triggered about the uno thing
Im dyeing from laughter
Jack: BOO Me straight face: wait what?
I'm gonna be honest, Jack's voice is really soothing when he's not yelling
Yo Sean! I got a game suggestion for you! It’s great, idk if you heard of it or not. 

Danganronpa.

I feel like you would like it UwU
i tought we were gonna talk about the fact that diglet was everywhere
As you can see jack has caught a wild viewer they are not becoming extinct anytime soon
The beginning was so wholesome
The only think I've killed are bugs. And that was in self defense.
It's so hard to take Jack seriously with a Detective Pikachu hat on... XD
Not that it wasn't already a Challenge.
Led Zeppelin got it right they made Stairway To Heaven. The Eagles made Hotel California.
dia means him/her in malay
0:33 - RIP headphone users.
Detective pickachu hat 😂
Me-crawls out of hole
Jack- BOOOO!!!
Me-strikes screams and runs back into hole
4:26 honestly, same sometimes 😪
Dia means day in spanish
Is that Napstablook?
This is the best and most wholesome start of a video, Thank you UwU
Big bird is coming after you
you missed text under the hold text when you where playing spooktective
Jack opens door:”Squeeeeaaak “
I just got a epileptic fit thanks jack
1:05: Hmm, DIA.  Dead in Action?
.....BOO!!!!!!!! I knew it
OK jack you got me I am the killer sorry did not mean to...

PS look down


👇 



I did mean to hahahahahhahahahaahhahahahahaahhaha😈
19:45 hey look it's napstablook's dad
Anti's back(?)

Anti: Thank you for your contribution to his D̶̶e̶̶a̶̶t̶̶h̶ video
Dia in Indonesian means he/she
''Can I just go in the trash where I belong''  
                        - Jacksepticeye 2019
I thought I was ready. Clearly I was not
Jack 30 is not old
Jack is the only one keeping me sane at the moment. He is hilarious and energetic and awesome, i love his content like this if you love jack
Anybody else actually get spookedfied at the end
lol that made me smile in the beginning of the video.
Is it just me or is Jake starting to look like the Father from far cry?
I don’t know why but that Uno joke really got to me. Ridiculous. Love you Sean!
The beginning made me so happy lol, I'm so starved of affection 😭😭😭😭😂😂😂 AND THEN YOU RUINED IT YA BASTARD 😂😂😂😂
*sleeping*
U need a new chair how about one at 399
10:09 I thought it was Anti!
Is he talking about me or my fluffy dog
Um i gusse i have not watched jack in a longgg time now he has a beard and a pony tail mhhm
Septiplier is back guys
The trash can is my home, no trespassing
Jack: "Dia" means "God"
Me: MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA
I wonder what's going on in his mind when he does those intros.
When jack does not start with, top of the morning to you lady’s
8:50 looks like something from. Resident Evil
I'm not scared when he yells in used to it but it's the best youtube channel ever
DIA ni pandai buat lawaklah!!
i like your videos Jacksepticeye please play outlast remaster
Population 1 - just like the mind of a sociopath!!
he has a pony tail 0:22
I kept thinking anti was goin to show up
1:30 thats what she said😊
ITS ANTI!!
Chill Anti you don’t need to take over Jack/Sean you just need to take over the video
wouldn't it be 4 lines then??? two for life and two for death.
We're all gonna POP OFF
You will not take me alive
Change your computer name to sean
Jack I have on no pants! You can't take pictures!
Did he say stairway to heaven was by the Eagles
Jacks gone grey
Are you trying to a beard contest something
Dia in Spanish means day if you wanted to know jacksepticeye.
I'm flattered
Dia is god in Irish.
Dio is god in Italian
both language names start with same letter and those two words start with same 2 letters. 
Dio is jojo's bizzare adventure villain. 

jojo reference confirmed
Kenzie Katch has entered DIA
DIA sangat takut. If you know Malay you'll understand.
Jack: WOW look at it ... It's so beautiful 
Me: ...😮😶😳... really? 
Also me: starts balling 😭😭❤❤
0:11: Hey! I'm not an exhibit! XD
Lol when he was taking the pic of the viewer i put it on my sandwich
0:33 
Me: huh? What happen. Eh
22:42 omg sean sounds like stewie Griffin
Jack:just look at it sitting there, staring OH ITS SO CUTE!
ME: Takes off my mask and looks at it You think so? I was going for edgy.
Why does jack look like Joseph seed from farcry
0:33 Sean you think that scared us?
you've been screaming at us for years,
there's no way that would scare any of your fans
This is probably dumb, but Jack pointing to the camera and saying “it’s beautiful” in such a genuine way made me absurdly happy. Like, I know he wasn’t talking about me specifically - he’s never even seen me irl, so he can’t actually be complimenting me....but it made me happy anyway :D
I’m ready coz I didn’t get scared 😂 by “BOO!!!!!”
I saw the thumbnail and was like, is that napsterblook?
I am actually deff and I can hear my self
first not first
UNO is 1in Indonesian
What headphones do you use jackaboy? :/ I really want to know hahaha.
uummm jack... Uno is Spanish for the number 1
Dia in Spanish means Day
I felt so happy until he spooked the shit outta' me
I didn't get jump scared once, I was prepared because I knew this was a Jacksepticeye video.
Uno is Spanish for one. Therefore, it means something.
My father always pronounced it "dee-a dith", but okay.

(Yes, I do know that it is not spelt by any sane and sober person like that - that being said,when using the Latin alphabet Gaelic doesn't look at all like it was conjured up by a sane or sober person  - but that is how he pronounced it, not spelt.)
Easy Breezy, Cover Girl
In Malaysia Dia means him/her/it
I'm eating ofood while I watch this to help me with the scarriness of the video but it's probably a bad idea
Two lines i feel is about death and your soul, you were rinning from the grimm reaper, from a parralle    world(purgatory) to the real world  where u died. When  you were caught.  Its got a really deep meaning
I'm starting to think that jse got rid of green hiar just so we couldn't tell the green screen
When he said that uno means nothing I was like uno means one in Spanish
That Intro Just Made my day after finally getting Out of the Hospital 😌😊🥺❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
You thought it was dia but it was me DIO
it three random horror games
Am I the only one who posed when he took a pic of the camera C,:
The camera flash spooked me back into my hole
Dia means him/her in Indonesia
I was waiting for Anti to show up
the boo in the start didnt even spook me cuz i was sniffing my arm lol
For educational use only
Where u in albiquarky
5:31 I was eating jack why
I'm gonna pretend I didn't need that validation sksk
Why do I feel like we're just gonna get trolled with Anti until he actually shows up for about 5 minuets then leaves for a few more months again
That intro made me feel more special than creeped out.
Thanks Jack👍
jack has the oiliest eyelids I've ever seen
OMG. That was new lol
HEy man I saw the system of a down cover    AWESOME.  The first heavy alternative metal song I really enjoyed was stinkfist by tool WOuld really enjoy if you tried it :)
I laughed when you said boo
Jack, you should put the pulse monitor thing in every scary game video. 
Like so he can see
I just realized your youtube channel cam out 2 days after I was born!!!    ^o^
Im playing Minecraft whilst watching this
"I didn't want to bust out the bad language"
That card game the name meens one in Spanish
JACK: ssshhhh don't spook it back into its hole.
ME: innocent jack I'm already in my hole
14:47 im not watching this from a tv..


its a ps4
21:33 s c p time
Dia in Spanish is is day
He was so happy as the detective and then later its like "...did i just get killed...awwww... worst detective"
You should play some more sims4 plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Dia means day in Spanish and Uno it's one
When  he get rid of the ponytail and beard 😔
0:32
 have fun
10:09
just when I thought anti was coming back
JACK dont trick us like that

(gr8 vid btw :D)
Why was there a SCP?
21:33
Dia in indonesia means = him/her
0:32 Jesus Christ
Dia also means "day" in spanish...
"We're also here to make our voices crack...GODDAMMIT!😂😂
Jack play an SCP game because when you know what you should do you will have a lot of fun
14:10 Dee?
How did Jack not come up with “For I am Jack Specter-eye” instead of Jack Spookly lol
0:00-0:30
Oh Jack, how do you always manage to make me happy, even when I'm filled with emotional and physical pain?
dia means him or her or it in malay~
in the second game that’s you dead in the bathtub and you’ve been running away from the grim reaper lmao
0:46 Horror games, as narrated by Beatrice.
SO MANY STAIRS
Jack: “ look at it sitting there starring “
Me: *eating cheese doodles ear buds in  * uhhh ok 


😂😂😂😂
I thought it was an anti thing at the end
Dia also means day in Spanish
The intro 😹
YEASH I AM CUTE
Play antichamber
16:54 this literally gave me a heart attack
18:26 Jack are you really wearing a Pikachu Hat?????
Uno mean "one" in italian
I was picking my nose when I heard
"thats beautiful" Thanks...u to jack
0:18 !!EPILEPSY WARNING!!
9:34 That reminds me of Sword art online for some reason.
I was just called an it
12:24 the best reaction
You were gone for 14 years?
Man do you age well
Jack needs Jesus...
in latin dia is day, also in spanish.
6:10 dia smuire dhuit, tá mé go maith
It was me! Dia!
Damn Jack, stop taking pictures of me! You're better looking!
We can still see some green from the logo on the chair
7:08: Umm, what? J-Jack, Is there, heh, Is there something you're not telling us there, buddy?
Did jack tape his chair or something?
I sneezed at the beginning of the video when he pointed at the camera saying "beautiful one". People usually run away when I sneeze thinking something exploded. Thanks Sean, no one appreciates sneezing like you do.
“This really is a stairway to heaven.  The Eagles were right!”  Oh Jack...  🤦‍♂️
0:00 at first I was like is he playing fatal frame??
Two Lines is about a man caught in a never ending loop after killing himself (and possibly some other people.)
I now want to see jack playing cluedo in his new snazzy Sherlock Holms outfit !!!!!!!!
0:33 if that got you, you must be new to the channel
My day was so sh**y that intro made my day 100 times better. Thank you Sèan
I swear to God I've seen Dia years ago or that monster in the same scenario. I don't know know but I swear to God I've seen this before a long time ago.
where's Anti?
Sean trying to get that subway mun
10:47 Wait if there are 2 lines and were tethered to together that means there's one line..? u messed that yo hardcore jack
"you're just sitting there, staring"

Damn, ok sorry Sean you didn't have to do me like that.
21:32 anyone know who that is
Jack your like sam from life is sarng
when he said is this the purge my town has their test Syrians on right now
The detective pikachu hat tho
Strong anti vibes but also I love the way Jack talks to his audience more. X
Am I the only one who got excited at 10:15 because I thought it was going to be Anti
DIA: It's a Doctor Who monster. It's only trying to say hi... By ripping your face off & making you eat it.
JACCUSE
u drank water and i am fasting
Jack ilysm thanks for making wholesome content 💕💕
surprisingly his earrape boo didn't get me
0:31 I was getting a water bottle and now my carpet is very watery
Well I get scared not that easily
11:23 I know what happens so u better run boi cuz I saw jay play these two games so far
Jacks intro made me smile so much that I didn't even realise he tried to scare me until a 7 second delayed reaction lmao.
BOO!!
Uno means 1 in spanish
my f*ckin' eyes
Anyone from Detroit think Detroit Institute of Arts? (DIA) I certainly did.
Anyone else notice that Jack is saying feck a lot more recently?
wow great intro
If anyone was wondering, the music in the Spooktective game is called The Alchemist's Tower by Derek & Brandon Fiechter. It's labeled as Spooky music but it's great for imagining an alchemist for a story.
where will he pop out of now? Door number one, Door number two, or all around you?
Jack: Oh look how cute that is!
You're cuter.
Ur in love
at 18:30 the moment he said go and HBO go ad just popped up made me laugh so hard
At 10:10did anyone notice that it was anti talking
Look up dbh on red ice
Wait, so how old is Antisepticeye?
makes the absolute stupidest face when he says beautiful
TOMMOROW LIFE IS STRANGE S3 E3 COMES OUT PLS PLAY IT
23:57 there is antisepticeye (and if you look in the magnifying glass you're also gonna see....nothing)
10:42
Jack: We have to solve this once and for all!
Me: Or.....you could just press quit.
My last meal I want to be chpoiltlay
I’m looking through the comments to avoid the horror 😂
I'M GOING FULL SCREEN
WHO'S WITH ME???!?!?


if you are please help
I'm scared it's too spoopy
oun means one
When he looked at us I was expecting him to say "This one's going in my cringe compilation"
Dia means he or she in malay
In Spanish día means day
real background
14:12 I take offense ya know.
0:31 
Ok but I am kinda used to these sudden jumpscares... After all a Jacksepticeye video is never complete without 'em. 
(*I AM ALWAYS READY*)
did he just say that uno ( that means 1 in italian) means nothing
10:06 that also mean Aunty in spanish
I'd populate with you Jack wink wink
No one : ...
Hulk : I hate stairs
0:12 jack:look at that one is so beautiful me:why thank you
Dia in malay actually mean him
For a swearing, horror gaming, Irish man, hes so wholesome.
this did not scare me
Anyone that didn't pose for Jack at 0:19, you're doing life wrong.
Stop taking pictures of me I’m not a giraffe
i thought the intro was lovely and it made me happy until he fucking jump scared me and made my heart stop, i don’t know what i was expecting to be fair i knew the real jack was coming soon
Looks like blooky to me
Just saying, the intro is creepy if you are sitting on a toilet
I’ve been gone for like a month it feels like it was meant to be
*Sees hat and spyglass *
Wait... Could this have any new egos?
*clicks violently *
There's nothing scarier (funnier) than being scared (pleasantly surprised) by a dead corpse (floppy silly ragdoll) around every corner.

This game's story reads out like a parody of horror... Was this supposed to be satire? idk. I can't even tell anymore these days.
Jack do you know Gaelic???  Ya know old time Irish
Sean: boo
Me: ok so was you trying to scare me or... cuz it’s normal that u are yelling
Where's that fabulous "Top o' the morning to ya laddies! My name is JackSepticeye and welcome to (insert game title here)," Jackaboy!
not gonna lie the intro made me feel super nice, thank you jack for looking after my self-esteem <3
It GoT mE. . . but don't tell anyone
I was expecting the boo only because its jack who doesn't expect a loud scream from jack
21:33 that’s a picture of SCP 2521 (••|•••••|••|•)
tender loins
It did not get me
scared sounds in introvert
I feel like Sean would be a very good actor if he was given the chance.
He is just sleep twitching
Jack: The game gods are listening to me
Me: A million people are listening to you and your funniness! 🤣👍🤣
My battery is on 69
Hey jack hope your having a great day but if you can that would be cool to record or Livestream some counter-strike global offensive dangerzone which is now a battle royal and I think you might like it
Dia means day in Spanish
I found a rpg-maker style horror game you might like called Close Your Eyes, not to be confused with the vr title of the same name
Person: Why did you come here 

Sean: I don't know I just wanted FEKING SANDWICH
Hey Mia is my name and dia rhymed
At 12:28 I thought he said my name, then I realized he said matheson not Madison
For anyone wondering: Yes, this game actually takes place in the Fran Bow universe.
Misfortune:This is the rock daddy threw to me.
Everyone: surprised Pikachu face
OMG I just realized that "Eternal Happiness" and an "Eternal Reward" are used to describe death.
MISFORTUNE NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NARRATOR WHY.
When misfortune was on the the road, the only thing going through my head was:
GET OFF THE ROAD!
dude i saw the stone and thought it was adorable. 

it looked like from the floor, she drew brown hair on him. 

im crying now
Black cat: Exists
Me: mR. mIdNiGhT
Jack: doesn't take the chance of that joke
"I sHoWeD iT tHe FiNgEr AnD iT nEvEr CaMe BaCk-" -words of a wisdom
I don’t trust Mr. Voice.... 


Comment if u agree!

Also, love u jack! (No hetero)
Please do a full play though when it comes out please
Is she allowed to have feelings for animals? Well beastiality is illegal because animals can't give/understand consent, but that fox doesn't seem to be like other foxes. Technically the fox is a pedophile...


Well THAT'S a twist!
Misfortune: I wanna be a juice drinker

Me: yikes forever
"A fox a criminal? That's silly..."

Swiper: e.e
Misfortune: Hello diary! Is it ok to have feelings for a fox?

BEASTIALITY: 100
Misfortune: makes a choice

Narrator: there will be CONSEQUENCES—
1:02 The heads hanging by their hair from fran bow!
And they turn into those butterfly things!
MEMORIES
Newcomers : what's Fran bow

Old timers : Let me tell you a dark horrific story....
Me:YAY PICK THE STONE
Misfortune:daddy threw the stone at me
Me:bro how about the unicorn instead...
"I might need the coloring book to fight monsters and Kim Kardashin" 

Lol left me in tears
how did you manage to drag this 10 minute demo into a 30 minute long video
"That's a PMA attitude right there."
POSITIVE! 
MENTAL!
ATTITUDE!!!!!
She's so sweet.. but I'm terrified something awful is gonna happen to her, hhhhhhhhhh.
I feel like the Eternal Happiness is death.
I was thinking he sounded familiar and later I was like “Yooo he sounds like that dude from Teddy’s Operation!” 😂
Sean: i need that soft soothing buttery sultry voice.
me: NOOOO YOURE GOOD!!! YOU KEEP THAT IRISH ACCENT!!!!
You still remember Fran Bow...






I've never been so happy in my LIFE UwU
Narrator :
Lol you on the other side of the scree- 

Jack: OH BENJAMIN'

narrator are you listening to me ;-;
Fran Bow - talking animals
Little Misfortune - Misfortune has feelings for a FOX




The developers are secretly furries q-q
I wonder if Fran Bow and Misfortune will meet in this game. An easter egg is fine with me if the devs add it indicating its connected to Fran Bow.
Apparently this takes place in the same universe as Fran Bow 
There’s a few Easter eggs like the hanging heads and the pine cone dude
Why does Misfortune souded like Groot from Despicable me????
Mr. Voice sounds like he would be the cat in Fran Bow. O.O
Jack:*picks rock*
Misfortune: this was the rock daddy threw at me once
Jack 's face: •○•
What if the mother is Fran Bow? That could be the reason why Misfortune could see things? :O
Jack: hey you, on the other side of the screen-OH LOOK THERES BENJAMIN!!!!!!!!!!!
man id be pumped to see jack play this upon full-release
You can trust me even though I lied to you about dying today...
"Is it ok to have feelings for a fox?"
furry
...can we just call her "Ms. Fortune"? Cause to think her parents couldn't even come up with a better name than the one she has...
GODDAMMIT JACK YOU BROKE THE RULE YOU MENTIONED FIGHT CLUB damn now I broke it
jack: those look like the hanging heads from fran bow
me:THEY ARE
Modern-day indie games have taught us all a valuable lesson...

Never trust cute things

Also:
 "This is like My Little Pony fanfiction"
Corrected that statement for you Jack. You're welcome.
"A fox criminal, that's silly..!"

Swiper The Fox has left the chat
Misfortune: walks on the road and background changed 
Me: YIKES FOREVER
Misfortune: This is the rock daddy threw at me. 

Me: Yikes forever.
At first I thought the fox was Swiper but hHHhHHh 

i was wrong :')
I think Santa is a parallel to God in this world. Misfortune mentioned about not believing in him bc if he could give gifts to everyone, why not the poor people? It's the same with how people feel about God. If God is real, why make all those people suffer? 

Nice parallel
Game: Her name is Misfortune.
Me: HAH! THAT'S THE NAME OF AN UNWANTED CHILD RIGHT THERE!!
Game: She is an unwanted child.
Me:
1:36 witches that are stuck in a tree and tiny pinecones people Easter egg from Fran bow
The way she's talking reminds me of Laura Bailey's character in Crit Role campaign 2 <3
she cute 
she wonderful 
but most importantly

she throw glitter to evewythin'
Little Misfortunes voice reminds me of vendetta from making  Fiends
A fox criminal, that’s silly

Swiper: Am I a joke to you?
Bro I'm actually obsessed now!!! I NEED THIS GAME!! I'm so excited!!!
my gut could not handle the “five days” and her tripping 😭😭😂
1:02 I JUST REALIZED! This is (probably) a reference to the heads that get stuck in trees in Fran Bow!
21:30 is that a Dora the explorer reference in this game? 😂
The Narrator sounds a lot like Professor Layton, tho
1:56 The hanging skulls in Fran Bow, you needed to brush their hair to get them out of the tree
4 minutes in, I'm already crying. 10/10
23:40
Everyone:OH ITS GETTING SCARY
Me:GET OFF THE DAMM ROAD
Jack: I hate glitter!
*Gains glitter throwing ability
Jack: *Glitters everything
"She's wonderful, I LOVE her!" Jack have achived "Lolicon" Jk XD
Little Misfortune: Starts talking

Me: Are you female Gru??
Me 2019: I wonder what happens when I touch a grave in the middle of the forest!


1:36
2018 : Wakanda Forever
2019 : YIKES FOREVER
Jack,we can’t do it

SHE’S TOO PURE,WE CAN’T
Me: leGIt DiD noBoDY seE ALl tHOsE FraN BoW EaSteR eGGs-
Jack: speaks about the girls that needed their comb in Fran Bow stuck in the tree
Me: FINALLY SOMEONE NOTICED
Misfortune must have some weird fox fetish lol
Jack: hold shift to run?
Immediately trips and falls
Misfortune: a fox criminal? That's silly.

Swiper: am I a joke to you?
If only she named Steven "Ron." Get it? Kim and Ron, fighting evil? No? No one gets it? Aight. You poor souls.
Fran Bow first happened on October
This game happened in October
Misfortune: This is the rock daddy threw at me.

Literally everything existing: And I oo-
Jack : i Hate you Monster


me : buT- UnDERTALE . GOAT MOMA . DON'T YOU REMEMBER ??
Misfortune about Santa: why can't he give poor people water and food? 

That really was a big oomph and dug a deep hole into reality, I felt that :").. that's so true tho... :/
I love foxes XD that's why I love this game, lol ( there's other reasons, too )
Oh my goodness are we guiding a dead child through purgatory to the afterlife in this game??
Why do I have a feeling that Benjamin is gonna kill her?

Edit: I just notice that he said that already XD Oof
Lol jack was singing 99 Red Balloons from Bob's Burgers



Man,I love that show.😊
Misfortune: foxes can’t be criminals!
Me: you clearly have never ever seen a single episode of Dora the Explorer
"Is it ok to have feelings for a fox?"
Me: pictures Robin Hood and Nick Wilde
Me: yes..?
I am already loving this game.
My son is in it! Grim! Grim, you're in a KillMondaysGame Game!

Grim: I don't care, Dad! But good for you.
This game is cute and scary plz play it when it release
11:51 so much more respect for Sean now

“Like the devil or Kim kardashian”
Cat: * exists*
Me: mR. mIdNiGhT!
I say tomato, you say tomato 
Jack says ... TAMATUS
well my names erica
guess i just killed my parents
This game looks amazing <3
My aesthetic is just throwing glitter around while everything blows up and gets destroyed
Jack: "I feel like you can throw it [stone] and could do some damage"
Misfortune: "This is the stone my dad threw at me."
Oof.
Video starts.
 *HEY I LOVE THIS SONG!*

Oh yeah, I loved Fran bow. Please play it when it comes out!
I almost cried. I know this is the start to a great game. It's.... so.. deep. " Daddy hit me with a rock ", " Daddy was just mad, it was an accident. " " We had a great meal yesterday, daddy actually said hi to me and mommy wasn't too drunk. "
She's just a child, a very smart one infact, and this world she lives in rubs off on her. Honey, that's not juice. That's alcohol. " Yeah, daddy regularly sleeps in the car. Daddy? " Daddy's not in there, Misfortune. It's just.. so hard. She doesn't understand and that's so hard for me. She just wants everything to he happy. " Eternal happiness? I can give that to mommy. Deal! "
Though, I feel like I will really enjoy this game.
Sha - daan, and happiness for all.
The date on the calendar is my birthday! 😁😁😁
I feel horrible for her

She’s so precious
21:35  "What?! A fox a criminal? That's silly"




Well someone hasn't seen Dora the Explora-
im my recommended it said are you a sociopath!😨
Jack: aaaand flower.
Youtube: hello, amd welcome to headspace
demons like the devil or Kim Kardashian (prob misspelled though)
Narrator: "All Foxe's are criminals." 
Me: "Hang on, if Zootopia has taught me anything..."
Little Misfortune sounds like WolfyChu!
I have never clicked a video so fast. Don't know what the game is but I LOVED Fran Bow.
This game has so much potential! Cant wait for the full game!
Jacksepticeye: glitter i hate glliter 

Me covered in glitter:Uhh
PLOT TWIST: HER MOM IS FRAN BOW
teacher: time for a math test
me: yikes forever!
The hanging skulls are the tree people from the time when Fran bow fell in the rabbit hole
im so excited for this game. i love fran bow, so this should be great too. glad you played it, jack!
At 1:32 I just realized that tree is the same one from fran bow where she has to find to comb aand everything
Easter eggs from Fran bow: hanging heads,the pinecone,the drawing of the demon, the green and yellow headless dolls referring to Fran’s parents,the blue car which was Fran’s therapist’s car,And the whole bang bang and the parents dieing is referring to Fran
“Fran Bow”

HAPPY SCREECHING
OMMGGG Jack please make this a series 😂😭 I was in love and laughing my ass off it was fantastic
Misfortune sounds like VenusAngelic 😶
omg theory. the narrator is itward
"A fox criminal? That's crazy"
Me:Trust me kid, you have to watch Dora
she's clementine reborn.. <3
Jackk The legend of brofist was amazing
I'm so excited for this game wow
Narrator: " WHEN WILL YOU LEARN
WHEN WILL YOU LEARN
THAT YOUR ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES"
I thought my parents were fighting LMAO 11:35
theres screeching
Eternal happiness and Eternal Reward means death. Poor kid
Monster: * is exiting * 
Misfortune: 🖕
I dont know why but I got scared from the intro 😂😭
(First time watching his vids tho , I'm gonna keep watching anyway)
I was taken aback by how much the main character swore, seeing as she seems to be like six years old. Then it dawned on me that it was another subtle indication of how her parents were....
Misfortune: I wanna be a juice drinker!

Me: Big mood™️
I love this , you should play the whole game  when it  comes out 🔥❤️ keep up the good work , jack my boii 😂
How dare you, Foxes are the best creater in this world
Mr.Voice: fox are criminals 
Me: ... dora?
Girl: Stony
Me: that reference, man
When a fictional character is STILL better at drawing than you
🙀
Mr voice sounds like the guy who gave a surgery on a teddy bear
(comes back to visit favorite youtubers that they haven't watched in a while) Me: WORD My boy developing a beard XD
Misfortune can fix vases....
I am super hyped about all this stuff. 
I also agree the new spino looks more like a hypo version.
Game: I love my glliter 

Ad: hEy GooGle
Fran Bow x Life is Strange 
Idk why I just had that feeling
This game hits too close to home for me😂🤷🏼‍♀️ and foxes are precious! hmph!🥺🦊
The Narrator sounds like he belongs to an episode of Courage the Cowardly Dog
In the intro with the fox and that gray cloak guy you see the heads with tangled hair in the tree from Fran bow
OH GOSH I HAVENT SEEN YOUR VIDEOS IN AGES AHHHHHHH
"like the devil, or Kim Kardashian" I'm dead! (If you get my dead! Reference I love you)
MS.FORTUNE FROM SKULLGIRLS
A wonderful child from a not so wonderful family

So basically she's Matilda?
20:48
October 11
That’s one of my friends borthday 😳
i want a t-shirt that says "yikes forever"
watches a portal open after touching a random grave
fox: shrugs mkay
22:03 oh my God the cat looks like just the one from Coraline.... some shit is gonna happen
Narrator: You're going to die today!

Little Misfortune: Yikes Forever!
I would actually really like to see the full game!
20:36  The day she's gonna die and leave the house is the day of my birthday 
 
 
 


 
 
 
Thanks for the gift
"Eternal Happiness"? Well that sure doesnt sound suspicious..

....Mr.Voice seems like a nice person....but is he really?
Hey Jack, when you play the real game, whenever you toss glitter over stuff, can you just shout 'BRIGHTEN UP BIACH'
Crazy bad shit happening in the end

Me: .....
Also me: her name is literally “misfortune “ why are you so surprised?
Like the devil.... Or Kim kardashion..





(Idk how to spell..)
hanging skulls? JACK YOU DOOFUS THEY'DE THE CURIOUS DRAGON FLIES
little miss fortune? more like the child that brings death
Misfortune's voice reminds me of Dexter from Dexter's laboratory, only cuter. (◍•ᴗ•◍)
Mr. Voice: Don't worry, you can trust me.
Also Mr. Voice: You know that thing about her dying today, let's keep this our little secret shall we?
Good to see swiper finally found a career after dora
I think the voice might be Benjamin's nemesis or something. He seems to not be fond of foxes
Happiness to everything is now my favorite quote..
Jack: 99 and a half won't do nananannana. 
Me: GASP HE KNOWS CHRISTIAN MUSIC
Jack: who doesn’t like sushi?
Me: I’m allergic to sushi and seafood and shellfish 😭
pls do more misunfortunite because i think everyone would like more
"the prize of eternal happiness is yours"
me:... omg    eternal happiness.... is death
omg... Fran Bow was one of the first playthroughs of Jack's that I watched, and I loved that game
Misfortune : I love Fox
Mister Voice : Foxes are criminals
Misfortune : Mama I’m in love with a criminal
WHEN YOU SAID GAME YOU SOUNDED EXACTLY LIKE HIM.
NO 
FREAKIN
LIE
Jack:The heads hanging from the trees or from Fran bow.
Me:*notices them first and types*dang it!
Sean: Likes Sushi and hates glitter.
Me: Am I a joke to you?
Im so exited for the full game!!
Misfortune: this is my dairy, nobody is allowed to read

Also Misfortune: wANnA rEaD
Milo Murphy: R rated edition?
His reaction was almost exactly the same as when i first played ddlc lol
Criminal fox? That's silly.



Swiper: why you motherfrasker
No, it's not just glitter,
its
.
.
.
 
Sean talking about the foxes living in his yard is the most precious thing.
Emotional supporty😂😂😂
5:39
UMM.
HOW DO THEY KNOW MY LAST NAME.
WHOA im rewatching the Stanley Parable, where you called the narrator Mr. Voice
proceeds to throw glitter at everything
The fact that she has a voice makes everything even better 🖤 How adorable
The narrator's voice reminds me a bit of David tennant🤔 maybe it's only me
people like stones more than unicorns !?!? ... 

wow first time i knew that
THE TREE FROM FRAN BOW IS THERE THE ONE WI5 THE TANGLED HEADS
Narrator: stony the stone!

My head: FLOWEY THE FLOWER
There are so many Fran Bow references in this demo
.
.
.
I love it.
ok so the portal jump hanging heads and pine cone alllll relate to franbow this game takes place in that universe
That intro was the best thing ever
This feels like a weird mix between Fran Bow and Sally Face because of that soubdtrack of the end
When Jack doesn't realize her name is Misfortune not Miss Fortune ....
21:29 ZOOTOPIA CONFIRMED
1:01
Head dude makes a cameo
Hold up I've been away for a little while when did Jack get so cute-

Also, this whole game looks amazing.
This feels alot like oxenfree!
Her name is MISFORTUNE
Everything around her




is BAD LUCK
Cat: 
Jack:
Misfortune:
Me: Mr midNIGHT
If you think well, she's called 'Misfortune' because she wasn't planned and she was a 'misfortune' to her parents
big OOOOOOOOOOOF I can not fucking wait for this game its like a mix of fran bow and sally face two of my fav of all time this is only the demo but already love this game just as much as those games I will def be keeping up with this.

(ps) did anyone else here the fran bow sound track  or is it just me
Stuff: exists
Jack:let’s put glitter on it 😂
authors: introduces a character
also authors: today, they will die
Jack should name the foxes under his house
Demo theories: I am 100% sure this is in the same universe as Fran Bow. While I am unsure if the stories will connect, I do feel feel they will throw Easter eggs. (Like the heads and the Pinecone)


As for Mr. Voice...I feel it could be either a Grim Reaper like character...
or, and hear me out...
I feel it could be Itward. 
Something just...he seems so kind to Misfortune. He reminds me of Itward...
Y I K E S. F O R E V E R.
play it when it comes out
Girl:i love glitter
Jack:I HATE GLITTER IT'S AN ABOMINATION
''Stoney the Stone''
''Flowey the Flower''
Whats next, ''Misfortune the Misfortunate child''?
I Love it You HAVE to Play it
no but rlly i love her
Voice: i can give you eternal happiness

Me: you mean drugs?
Misfortune: "I'll choose the stone    daddy threw at me."
Jack: enters surprise pikachu face
1:01 OH HAYYY I MISSED YA GUYS! DO YA NEED YOUR COMB?! And I'm watching you, pinecone (this is just my initial reaction)
Misfortune: I choose the stone that daddy threw at me once
Sean: GASP
"gregg from night in the woods sure let himself go"
me:  I KNOW, I WAS ABOUT TO FUKING SAY THAT OML!
Jack needs a bit of a shave, but he still looks fabulous UwU✨
Jack: Imma pick the stone!
Misfortune: This is the rock daddy threw at me once
Everyone disliked that

Edit: wowzerz guys thanks for 300 likes!
Edit 2: geepers 900?!?
Milo Murphy but parents are neglectful
OMG I was just watching some other vids and then I go watch jacksepticeye WITH HEADPHONES ON and now my ears are bleeding lol
Misfortune: Glitter. I love glitter.
Jack: I hate glitter
Misfortune: :(
The coloring book might come in handy when we face the demons of this world like the devil or Kim Kardashian
SHE. IS. ADORABLE. 
And this is already so sad. I love it.
Misfortune: My daddy threw it (stoney) at me
Me: Y I K E S   F O R E V E R - -
My heart is actually hurting for this kid
Incredible amount of references lmaoo
Why Misfortune draw so good though?????
Literally no one:

Not even Mr.Voice:

Not a single soul:

Not even the Grim Reaper:

Misfortune: Benjamin steals my uwus guys
the soundtrack at the end reminds me of sally face oh god
0:05
EVERYTHING that looks nice and My-Little-Pony-ish is NEVER good....
DID I HEAR 99 LUFT BALLONS BY NENA??
OMGGG!!!! I was waiting for this
"This is like my little pony but... sad..."

Jacksepticeye 2019
9 9     R E D     B A L L O O N S     ?
Misfortune : a fox criminal? That’s silly
Swiper : b r u h
MatPat needs to make a theory about the connections between these two games it would be awesome
does anyone play League of Legends? no more needed to say
"You shouldn't trust a fox, they're all criminals."
Come on, Mr. Voice, it's 2019.
Are megan mccarthy is the voice of her? it sound like her lol
22:43
Narrator: Da rules
Misfortune: Ok ok, consequences
F U R R Y







nothing wrong with it but u know
I LOVE THE LITTLE GIRL’S VOICE ITS ADORABLE AS HECK
misfortune: this is the rock daddy threw at me
me: yikes forever
STONY 

S H IP
YES I have been waiting for this!!!!
For a second there I kept hearing Jester Lavore’s accent coming from Misfortune xD Critical Role is messing with my mind
Wait, foxes.... Did you say foxes? Foxes? FOXEEEEEEEES!!! FOXEEEEEEEEES!!!!!!! (The CHOCOLAAAAAAAAATE Meme from spongebob)
Misfortune throws glitter


no one:


Me: noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
This is so cute! I can't wait for the full game!!
sniffs the air hmmmm, I smell another multi-part series in your future Sean! 😂👍
Jack:  remember your gonna die today
Me:  Naw. I got my kettle corn. I live forever.
Jack: I'm not gonna read in that voice forever...
The Game: Yikes, forever.

Me: ..... That was fricken creepy.
12:23 flashback to when Jungkook had confetti in his pocket and threw it on Jin while the rest of BTS was cracking up
honestly guys,,,,,, the glitter is a placebo
change my mind
the misfortion of the name misfortion
Teacher: "Next Thursday we will have a test"
Rest of class: groan
Me: "Yikes forever"
Actually Jack, Little Misfortune already copyrighted " Yikes Forever! " soooooo, do you wanna get copyright from a LITTLE GIRL?






this is a joke.
Misfortune has a strange voice
"Just in case we face the evil in the world like the devil,or Kim Kardashian "😂
Hey the creepy ass tree heads are back!! 😁 Man, I loved those dudes!
The "hanging skulls" are Luciferns and yes they are also in fran bow
The hanging skulls  wear the skulls type faces that had hair and got stuck in the tree and you had to brush em out
shes a the cutest but the most relatable lil bean forever 🤧💞
Jack: colouring book might be handy when we face the demons of the world...




also Jack: like the devil or kim kardashian
I think eternal happiness ment heaven cause shes gonna die and stuff
That was supposed to be nicer than it sounded
Stony, Stony
Me: Tony?
Me 5 seconds later: cries loudly
Misfortune is adorable!
anyone else want a Fran Bow chapter 2 right nooooow?
when you gonna upload a new fran bow video??
Jack: i hate glitter me:me to jack
"Like the devil, or Kim Kardashian."




Dead😂😂😂😂😂😂
is it just me or does she sound like a polish person speaking english
black cat

Me: mR. midnight!!!!!
I love this demo 10/10
Her name is Misfortune.
HAHAHAHHA! THATS AN UNWANTED CHILD RIGHT THERE!
She is an unwanted child.
...
11:47
Jacksepticeye: You're adorable 

Me: A shame she's gonna die, huh.
I completly forgot about Fran Bow, it used to be one of my favourite games years ago. Nice to see the devs making a new game
GLITTER IS A DEARH TRAP!!
The reason things were dying and blowing up is cause she’s misfortunate
But seriously misfortune in like “IN LOVE” with this fox
I don't like this, I really don't like this~


Bad feelings are coming~
Imagine her father THROWING a rock at her face then she says,

"YIKES FOREVER"
What the hell did I tell all yall this is so much like fran bow I new I was right 
Ps srry got a little to excited
Ah- is this a Kikuo song?
S W I P E R  N O  S W I P I N G
"i saw a monster once.... i gave it the finger and it never came back " 

me:wish I could do that (*^*)
When Misfortune presses F, everything becomes sparkly
she sounds like wolfy chu  with the voice X3 like if u agree
Those things that where hanging in the tree at the start are also in Fran bow!the same with the pinecone!!!😯🤗🙂
Oh wow, I'm looking forward to the full game now
Is it just be me who thinks she sounds like a Gru from despicable me but with a slight cold
I’m a few minutes in but I have a conspiracy theory. I’m assuming the voice doesn’t like the fox because the fox protects her. Like in the cat in coraline, except the fox tries messing the voices plan up.
she sounds like Gru's daughter...
That little song in the beginning 

(Laughs)
Wow, I cant wait for the full game. This is wonderful. I could listen to these voices all day
Jack: I think i saw hanging skulls somewhere is Fran Bow

Me: oH ReALlY
Anyone else just have that feeling that the narrator is Benjamin?
cause at the end of the demo it shows Benjamin looking at the TV 
and at the start, we see he is following a task of some sort..
1:00 1:05
he accepts the task or favor of this grim reaper figure.
and grim reapers are normally associated with death, meaning theres a chance "Mr. Voice" is Benjamin, as they seem to have the same task, kill Misfortune.
1:22 look, it's the Luciferns and a Pinezeelous tribe-person
I was so dissapointed I didn't find this earlier! I always loved Fran Bow, so I bet the full game will be just as amazing!
Little Misfortunes voice sounds a little like Venus Angelics voice
"I hate glitter its the worst abomination humanity has ever made"
-Sean W. Macloughlin 2019
"i choose the stone daddy threw at me once"
Jack: *oh shit* *mildly concerned*
"i choose the stone daddy threw at me once"
Jack: *oh shit* *mildly concerned*
Oh my god I clicked so fast when I saw this😂
your name is officially, Fantastic Fox Father Of A Family Of Fine Foxes. Fox Father for short.
Narrator: You can trust me

Mum enters

Narrator: SHE DID IT!!!!
I see m8te your growin an OIRISH beard
Awesome it’s about me!
Misfortune reminds me of a young Betty boop
This is actually the most beautiful, adorable and precious thing I have ever seen in my whole life 😭💕
I don't want something bad to happen to heeer!
Jack and his family of foxes is my new favourite thing
THIS LOOKS SO COOL. Please play when it's out <3
"The coloring book might come in handy when we have to face the demons of the world, like the devil or Kim Kardashian."

I m s c r e a m i n g
Damn this game pulls ALL the heart strings.
In his first episode of the Stanley Parable he called the voice Mr. Voice
Santa can't give homeless people water and food bc they don't have chimneys...
Duh
Like the devil or “Kim Kardashian” wow
#1:02 that girl stuck the tree is that from franbow?
Jack: is that her little butt 
Me: how old is she ?
Me: looking it up
Me: JACK NOOOOOO
This is so cool! I can't wait for this! 

(Jack, those skull things are the luciferns from Fran Bow, so you have seen them before)
I haven't watched you in a long time you grow a beard I'm proud
game: nice inviting screen 
Jack: DOUBT
If you like a good narration voice, see David Attenborough.. I NEED HIM TO READ ME A BED TIME STORY... HIS VOICE
I CAN ALREADY HEAR THE WAVES OF FUTURE FANART COMING OUR WAY
sees cute art style it kind of looks like Fran bow
sees death and skulls THERES fran bow
Her accent is Norwegian! D'awww
"The colouring book might come in handy when we dace the demons in the world... like... like the devil... or Kim Kardashian."

PFt- Oh, okay XD
Why does Mr. Voice sound like Fürher Bradley from Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood (dub version)?
I was so excited to see this took place in the same universe
Misfortune: I broke a glass on accident because I was running.

Game: shift to run

Jack: runs and breaks glass 

Me: when will you ever learn that your actions have consequences?!!
the calendar has my birthday 🤪
Misfortune is gonna dieeeee!!!! Maybe not I don't know 👼👼👼👼👼👼
Misfortune drew herself with eyebrows James Charles could not compete
I'm excited for this, the developers of one of my favourite games!
Can't wait for this game, I'm way too attached to misfortune and I miss Fran bow
Misfortune sounds Russian (I've had a Russian friend) idk why.
I left for literally a few months and came back to his channel to see him with a beard and a mustache...
I don't know what or how to feel...
>gets offered eternal happiness
>decides it would be a good gift for mother and not herself
S A I N T
This demo was fantastic!! I’m looking forward to more of the game. I enjoyed Fran Bow so i think i’m gonna enjoy this too.
1. Jack: Well need it for when we have to face the demons of he world. Like the devil, or Kim Kardashian
Me: chokes on boba tea wait no why is that funny?

2. She should change it's name to Stony Tark.
Narrator: This is Misfortune


Me: how about we just make that Miss Fortune
Jack is just looking so sexy
I'm guessing misfortune is french, because of the beret on her head and her accent
please do not be offended. I BEG
omg Sean looks so different from when i last saw him XD ^-^
Omg... I just realized. Her name is Misfortune because she is literally a "misfortune" in her mommy's life. Damn...
I feel like the fox is going to kill her
Hanging skulls?

Weren't those the silk-fly creatures that get stuck on trees together and use combs to untie themselves
8:26 
I don't remember what the anime is called but... 

Whispers "I see dead people"
this game looks sooo good!!
So if a kid wrote everythin in that diary......
That kid has better handwriting than me :| :v
The tree in the beginning was from Fran Bow Sean! I'm SOOOOO glad you noticed!!!!!
Misfortune : I chose the stone daddy threw at me once 
Sean : ohfuckokwtfwhy
this is miss fortune 
 uwu
/OO\
   ||
Narrator: You will be given Choices on your journey- 

Misfortune:  okay choices 

Narrator: .....am I a Joke to you?
•w• jack ish rocking dat beard!
This was so good! I can't wait for the full game to come out!!!
okay can we just appreciate how amazing/ intense the vibes are when you have to choose?? like everything slows down and you have to come up with a decision that may drastically change the flow of the game 👀
Really weird.


What I gather from the cutscene at the end, is that the gameplay revolves around puzzles that require one to redirect misfortune.


Misfortune finds little Miss Fortune, and little Miss Fortune only finds misfortune.  There is the suggestion there is a demonic force at work.  The gameplay revolves around figuring out how to redirect the misfortune with the glitter mechanic, even though they didn't seem to have that demonstrable in the demo aside from being able to glitter the soup.


I do suspect, if septiceye had opened the fridge again, and tried gliterring the bunnies, it would have actually worked, and created a scene with the fox outside.  Glittering the raven didn't work, because she believed it was just sleeping.


A clearly dead bird.  This is actually pretty sinister, when not 30 seconds earlier, she explained her Dad 'sleeps' in the car.  So is her Dad actually drunk and asleep in the car...or is he 'asleep' like the Raven?  I suspect the later, as the two uses of 'sleep' are used so closely to each other, that they must have an intended retroactive ironic context to understand what Miss Fortune believes 'sleeping' is.
No one ever:

Everyone starting May 6 2019: YIKES FOREVER
omg i loveeee heeeerr :,3
Sèan do you know what Redrum is???
I really want him to play YIIK and see his reactions.
Misfortune has the same voice as my grandma my grandma travels alot I love her voice
Uh oh. Ten minutes in and I'm waaaaay too attached to Misfortune. 15/10 too cute.




Edit: Holy likes Batman! Thanks all :)
“Let’s keep it our little secr-HEY BENJAMIN OUTSIDE THE WINDOW!!!!”




Jacksepticeye-2019
I have a semi theory that Misfortune is actually called Misfortune because she brings bad luck everywhere, she even brings bad luck to herself

for example, in the ending scene, she walked in the forest and all the birds died in her sight, a little cloud appeared over her head and rained onto to her, then that same cloud went to that one barn and burned it down, then that (i suppose?) satelite fell next to her, alnost hitting her, and since it was broken she sparkled glitter on it to fix it, but instead made it even worse and it got set on fire

maybe thats why she was named Misfortune? she brings bad luck to everything and everyone (could be why her mother wanted an abortion but idk about that)

maybe, because she brings bad luck to everyone and everything around her, thats why the narrator and possibly other people want her dead...?
little misfortune: what? a fox a criminal?

me: sWipEr nO sWipiNg
7:03 me and my friends were literally spamming those in the group chat because someone was feeling lonely.
this is so random but i was shook when jack started singing 99 luftballons at the start of the video sjjsksk
MisFortune's voice makes me think of how venus angelic used to talk before
Misfortune: Imma bring the stone daddy threw at me
Jack:
Jack: (oh my god no, my poor baby)
MORE...ok-ok il be nice like her PLEAAAAAASE
Omg, it's like Fran Bow meets Stanley Parable. I love it!
Her glitter causes misfortune and that heads and pinecone from the beginning are from Fran Bow
Da beard made me confused all the time OwO
Stoney gave me kidney stones...
I want to make a game like Fran Bow. And this. :3 and I don't like sushi 3:
I want to be a child again, travel faraway through my imagination when im sad and live there forever🍁🍂🍁🍂
Does anyone know the voice behind Little Misfortune?
Fran Bow is my favorite! 😍😍 I am happy, that they made a new game. And its in the Fran Bow Univerum! I hope I see a little bit of Itward. He is the best character 😍
me at the beginning: are those luciferns i see?
Jack: It looks cute and sparkly and my little pony like...

Me: You trust it?

Jack: I don't trust it.
Misfortune sounds like baby Sombra lol
Did anyone notice the same heads from fran bow?
13:43 "i choose the stone that daddy threw at me once"
Jack : *SHOCKED
Who else watches this just for her voice and emotional trauma... just me? Oookay...
Play  Roblox I'm in it but they stole my computer
Misfortune is adorable and I wanna adopt her. SHE DESERVES BETTER!!!!
I'VE NEVER CLICKED THIS FAST
I remember watching jack play fran bow and how much i loved it
She's a sweetheart. I want her to live.
Yes someone also thought this is a the Fran bow university
SHE SOUNDS LIKE A FEMALE DEXTER
An ad popped up riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight here 25:11
that narrator has a great voice but I don't trust him one bit lol
Super excited for this game tho!!
The first thing that came to mind when Misfortune said she had feeling for a fox was" Oh god, she's a furry."
What!!!!  You have foxes?  How???,  can you pls give me one
She has the same accent as gru
2 fox related videos in one day
so far...
Misfortune: this is my diary, nobody allowed to read it

Also Misfortune: want to see ?
Pls protecc Misfortune!
AhHhHhH all of the Fran bow references are e p i c
The opening and music reminded me of Sally-Face for some reason.
The beginning reminds me of sword art online

If you survive i'll let u go

If you finish the game ill give u happiness


    just me?
I clicked on this so fast Fran bow is one of my favorite let's plays on the channel!
maybe death is her happiness?
could be farfetchedbutidfk
donthurtme
Misfortune's voice reminds me of little inferno
"I dont trust it."
that's a nice beard ya got there
it'd be a shame if..
i don't know..
Did AnyOnE nOtIce The tRee wAs fRoM frAN boW!?
JACK IS JUST SO PRECIOUS
Jack: is almost done fixing it
Me; looks intensely at the screen

Sudden ad;  BREAK THROUGH YOUR ALLERGIES

Me; ahh- 
People; ??????
Me; 

This is what happened in my school.. Only now thought to say this..
Fran bow is one of my favourite games. The heads were the fireflies. You have to brush their hair to get untangled from the trees. :) I can't wait to see the full game!!
jack can you play the game when it really comes out
Fran bow was so good I clicked so fast when I've seen the title
Did somebody realize the "Hanging Skulls" were the flying curious witches.
THIS ACTION WILL HAVE CONSEQUENCES 🦋
1:31 
sees hanging skulls me thinks these look familiar
This little girl legit looks like esther from the movie orphan
Jack: "Like the devil, or Kim Kardashian"
Me: "Is there a differance?"
woah you actually did your INTRO
i reacently binge watched your fran bow
The Easter egg in the beginning 👌🏻👌🏻
That was probably the biggest rollercoaster of a demo i've ever seen... I both felt uncomfortable and in love with it ;p
I don't trust the narrator ok, if this is a game of choices I feel like he's going to try to lead us in the wrong way
Please play more of this
FROM THE FIRST SECOND I KNEW THIS WAS IN THE SAME UNIVERSE AS FRAN BOW, LIKE< THERE WAS A PINE CONE PERSON AND THE HAIR MOTHS AND OMG IM HYPED AFTER NOT EVEN A FEW MINUTES
She brings misfortune wherever she goes!
She legit sounds like dexter. 😂
Her name could be Misfortune....




Or it could be Miss Fortune.
The calender date in the game is my actual birthday, Yay!!
10:33 Anyone reminded of Junkrat from Overwatch?
Misfortune is a precious bean who needs to be protected at all times
Jack, your voice is amazing; never change it
Sees Misfortune:
Awwwww such a sweet innocent girl.........
Misfortune: "I showed it the finger and it never came back"
Me: ........Ok, maybe not completely innocent
wait, is the voice of misfortune VenusAngelic ?????
The art style sorta reminds me of super meat boy
My heart-
The tree from the beginning is from fran bow
She has great handwriting



Literally it's better than mine.
I want more of this game it’s so cute and interesting
The heads are called luciferns!they are dangerous when in the 5th deminsion, then there on fire.
Jack: is my glitter going to save things 
2 seconds later 
Misfortune : puts glitter on stuff
Stuff:burns
Me yeah Jack it's evil
Sentient Pinecones, Luciferns, creepy children’s drawings, portals to hell. Ladies and gents, Fran bow 2
She looks like the girl from Orphan. She sounds like the girl from Orphan. She said “I made myself pretty but he (dad) doesn’t care” like in Orphan.

What’s going on here???
The beginning with "99 Luftballons" killed me as a german xD
the narrator sounds like the guy that chats with cats on the streets
I want to see more, please!
“It’s a very Fran bow style but the style is really weird “
Jack-2019
October the 11th: My birthday
I left for a month and he has a beard! Dang... It looks nice though
The pine cone is also from franbow
Why does Misfortune sound so much like Chibitalia
lil misfortune: I wanna be  juice drinker
me: No you don't
Fran Bow + Night in the Woods + Stanley Parable = this
Please make more vids of this game jacksepticeye
Please play this when it's out! I adore it!
1:03 
Are we going to ignore the fran bow reference
Is it just me but she sounds with a tinge bit of marzia
Fran Bow is literally the game where I first met Jacksepticeye, are there no one else?
1:37 I spotted 2 references to FranBow! Those weird string hair heads on the tree and the little walking pine cone dude!
My teacher is allergic to sushi :((
Omg i miss fran bow its like scary,sad,its just amaizing
Vsauce: I have decided that I want to die.


Narrator: Die? No! No one said anything about dying!!
Hearing "Fran Bow" and seeing the references made me tear up.
Like the devil.

Or Kim kardashian
i get sally face vibes on the credits scene
Like the devil or Kim Kardashian
7:42 As a kid from a pretty aweful household I can say that when I was still a child, I thought it was normal for kids to get hit by their parents and was pretty confused about what in the world that 'love' they always talked about actually was, because my parents didn't shom me and my brother any and neither did they show it to each other.
The most confusing experience in my entire life was when I got invited to eat lunch at a friends house and her dad was home. I couln't even begin to grasp why they all were so nice to each other... I grew up with my dad only being home to eat with us at weekends and we never talked at the table... looking back, there was always that aura of discomfort when my dad was around.
I just never noticed it as a kid. 

I was 9 when I was told that your dad isn't supposed to hit you hard enough to knock your theeth out... or hit you at all for that matter. I stopped having any contact with him only about 5-6 months ago from when this is written.


And if you're wondering why I share my experiences, I just want people in similar situations to know that there are others and that they don't need to be scared of sharing it.
The hardest part of getting out of stuff like this is being abled to tell someone.
I already feel like I'm going to love this game.
Jesus christ
she 
is
too
omg so excited
WHY NOT THE UNICORN, YOU FOOL!
Misfortune: i like foxes and glitter :P
Mr Voice: i hat foxes
Jack: i hate glitter
me: this is the first time i ever hated the both of u for two seconds. 

(i still love jack dont worry and i have a theory mr voice is itward, so i instantly started to like him as a character)
It's coming out this year
I love Killmonday Games!
99 Luftballons auf ihren Weg zum Horizont... 😂
I came to visit after the pole dancing video...

When did he become homeless?

Each like is money toward a new house
👇
Misfortune sounds like she just inhaled an entire tank of helium. lol
Dora really did change a lot
There are so many fran bow references, I love it!
That's just hilarious, haha
Glitter... The source of CRAFTERPES
I totally i get now but its just a theory
Misfortune causes misfortune and the game wants her dead
I haven't watched Jack in like a year and I come to him with a pretty full beard!
i feel like i accomplished something just by playing the game before
“OH NO, PENTAGRAMS, DEMONS!”
This game is quirky AF. XD
Jack: ....not as silly as throwing glitter on everything..
Me IRL: puts a sticker on my nose and throws glitter all over my room ...what?..


Edit: OMG HOW DID I GET 200 LIKES?!!!!
Another Edit like 2 days later: WTF! HOW DID I GET 300 LIKES?
Edit..again : wait people like my comment??!
i love this game already
i like how jack was singing 99 luft ballons at the beginning dghjak
plot twist: Mr voice is the monster...i think
Have you given names to the foxes in your yard?
I read fran bow in the title and came as quick as I could
Holy- I haven't been on his channel for only a couple months and it took me by surprise by how much he's changed DaNg
I was so happy when i saw this notification
Best intro ever
My name is Erica.

Oh shoot
I love 2D horror games. I really liked Fran Bow series and i'm looking forward to watch the full gameplay because this game seems really interesting
Sean's narrator voice could make me come (home) hheeheheh
Like if you agree
What if the tombstone that created the portal was actually the grave of Fran Bow? Because she was able to to see and go into the other realities, so her energy could be preserved in some other relic like thing. So instead of needing to take the “happy pills”, you can just use her tomb as a type of reality portals?🤔
I missed watching Jack! Glad to be watching again.
I haven't been watching Jack for a while and at the start of the vid i literally thought he had a buzzz cut but grown out a bit
damn I should watch more of his vids
I absolutely LOVED Fran Bow! I'm so excited for this!
I love foxes so much I want to have one as a pet but wildlife animals are illegal to have as pets where I'm from so my friend told me i should go to Arizona. I have literally no problem with that cause I'll get both a pet fox and to see my friend.
THIS GAME LOOKS SO COOL IM SO PUMPED!!!!!
screaming NEUNUNDNEUNZIG LUFTBALLONS
Game: “Stoney the stone”
Me: le gasp FLOWEY?!?
I thought this was a sequel to Fran bow and that she's what Fran reincarnated to. Maybe they are long lost sisters or connected with each other spiritually or that they could he the same person but somehow ended up being 'split into two'. Those are just my predictions.
99 RED BALLOONS GO BYYYYYYYYYY
I like the game so far, the art and how it give me the fran bow vibes; however i can't stand the voice of misfortune it's comes out as an adult how try to be owo, uwu .. where i can't help but to feel cringe worthy
Awwwwww if I was in her world I would be first one to adopt her
Did...
Did...
Did jack just hit us with a 99 luftballon reference
AHHH WHY DID I NOT FUGGIN KNOW ABOUT THIS?! FRAN BOW IS MY FAVORITE POINT AND CLICK GAME OMGG
Jack complaining about french accents 👌
Since when has Jack become Ragnar?
She’s to good for this world
A Series of Unfortunate Events

Little Misfortune
I am so excited for this!
I WANT JACK TO USE THAT NARRATOR VOICE IN A GAME!
Is it bad that I just figured out a ship
Misfortune has schizophrenia.  Im sure of it.
She is adorable! Also it almost sounds like she has a polish accent.

Also I love glitter too misfortune
Choose the rock or the unicorn

Me : You want to compare a rock with a unicorn???



Me : Good boi.

Misfortune : This was the rock daddy threw at me wonce. 

Jack : :0

Me : °0°
YASS FRAN BOW VIBES 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌🙌🙌🙏🏼
Jake cut your beard plz just be a baby face
OMG this is frantastic...get it? lol
This game is so cute, sad, and terrifying. I look forward to it
🦋Y I K E S  F O R E V E R 🦋
Wait hold ap... his hair? I'm now confused
At 1:02 you can see these creatures from Fran bow
School and dead things
Jack singing 99 Luftballons maybe one of the funniest things i've seen in weeks
plotwist: jack was the narrator
“I hate glitter “ jack said as I’m painting blue glitter nail polish on my nails

Jack can you see me though the screen?
Jack: ' I hate glitter. It's the worst abomination humanity ever made. '
Me: You must have amnesia. There's no other way you would be able to forget that Jake Paul exists.
SWIPER NO SWIPING
Killmonday games confirmed little misfortune and fran bow are in the same universe
....so..Glitter = fire?....Fantastic!
YES FINALLY A JACK DEMO GAME
A normal day in Russia! 😂👌
2:18 "b aware" 
hmmmmmm spoky
This gave me deppression
Wherever she goes, misfortune follows 😂
Read it as Little Misfortune EMO
21:28
Mr. Voice, that's just racist.
SHA-DAAN HAPPINESS FOR EVEYONE IN THE COMMENT SECTION!

Can't wait for the full game!!!
I can't wait until the full game of this!
10:33 that killed me 😂😂
IM SO EXCITED FOR THIS
Is it me or does Misfortune talks like Venus Angelic?
in the middle of the road 
Msfortune: I saw a monster!
Warrior cat fans will understand
I think missfortune his dad is drunk
This somewhat reminds me of Sally Face.
Misfortune sounds like VenusAngelic
1:34 Somebody tell me they remembered this tree. In Fran Bow. Come on, I haven't even played the game, how come I remember it and not you Jack?!
She said she might have feelings for a fox .....
That's a misfurtune
The music in the credits was lit
When will the game come out?
I wonder if Benjamin is actually trying to save her? Maybe not. Feels like Mr. Voice does not like him interfering. Great gameplay. The demo is awesome!
That cat probably is mr.midnight
Kid jack: imprinted all his parents lessons*

Future jack: AJHHHHHH TOP ON THE MORNINGGGGF
Misfortune 
Miss. Fortune
Can't wait to watch you play the full game
please do the real game!
Stony shipping intensifies
Hello diary !
Is it ok
to have feelings
for a fox?

Me, a furry: 
When it comes out fully can you play the full version jack please
Jack those are Luciferns I think
Sounds like Marziaa
Narrator-" the rules are simple"
Me-"...."
Also me - "YOU LAUGH YOU LOSE!!!"
19:43 - The new "AAWWOOOOOO"
can you try the transformice adventures demo?
Oh my god. Little Misfortune is so adorable..then again, I haven’t seen the whole vid yet. I’ll edit it later.


Edit: XDDD me too. This is why I have the middle finger swords when I go into the basement to face demons and get milk from the basement fridge.
Your intros seem to be getting a little less intense Jack....What's goin on?
Narrator: Still get monetized?

Jack: Nah that was so last year.
YES!!!! Finally, somebody who hates glitter. That stuff is the very bane of all humanity.
I was like "where'd your hair go??" Then it zoomed in and then I was like " ohhhh "
your first mission iS tO kiLL mOMMy
I'm very excited for this game, it's going to be amazing
Me: buckles in for a walkthrough 

Jack: This is a demo!

Me: ...
im pretty sure her name is misfortune because everything around her goes wrong but im pretty sure thats obvious
Ok i havent seen jack in a while and 
Woah why does jack look like a lumberjack
I just realized he may be trying to save the kid by telling her to not to trust foxes
Did anyone else notice the heads from Fran Bow?
"Gregg from night in the woods sure let himself go."




I'M WHEEZING--
nice beard jack
20:35 THIS IS HAPPENING IN MY BIRTHDAY :D
U look diffrent from last time i watch you
1:02 OMG LOOK THE WITCHES GOT STUCK INTO THE TREE AGAIN wouldnt suprise me if u need a comb
IM LIKING THIS GAME AND THE MAN BUN
I have to agree with the hate glitter thing




I got glitter bombed last week.....
I still have glitter In my hair even though I dyed my hair.
2:32 I think that is a reference to fran bow, the drawing of the tree looks like the demon thing whose name I cant remember. Something with a R I think.
12:08 
Jenna marbled has entered the chat
As soon as I saw those weird dangling heads on tree branches, I knew this was like Fran Bow
When will the full game be out?
ok is it just me or is tHE NARRATOR JUST SO SWEET TO MISFORTUNE EVEN THOUGH ITS PROB REALLY SINISTER? He's like the father figure she never had...
I'm so excited for this series!
Unsted of telling her dad or mom she does this just flips the bird
6:40 "I wish in school they'd teach us where feelings come from."


School: M I T O C H O N D R I A
i want moreeee
I cant believe Jack didn't notice the hair ghosts and pine cone people from Fran Bow.
This is heckin’ adorable, please play it when it comes out!
This is adorable!
Daddy hits mommy. I smack them in the face and killed them. Yaaay

 Throws sparkles
Those head things on the tree at the beginning were in Fran bow
October 11.... my birthday
awww even the narrator feels bad for her, and talks to her like nothing is wrong, he is trying to protect her (but then again, I'm only at 24:11, everything can still go south)
there are in fran bow they look like heads that got stuck in a tree and u need to find a brush to comb them to free them 


ther actually bug spirts thing
Video: Little Misfortune D E M O
Sean: Imma make this almost 30 minutes
The calendar said October 11th
That’s my birthday!!!
she gon die on my day of birth
my name is erica 0.0
Um, Benjamin sold us out to Death >_>
the Calender at 20:37 said October 11th thats my birthday :D
Really looking forward to the whole game I loved the Fran bow series
Geez, guess Mr. Midnight wasn't in the mood D:
stony the stoner-est of stones. He's reeeaaaally stoned right now
She seems to bring a lot of misfortune...jokes aside
16:00 that's basically what my mother told me about me too (minus being upfront about the abortion part), but my mother was the abusive one, and she wasn't as bad as misfortune's dad.
I think that the whole premise of the game is that she brings...well...misfortune... everywhere she goes and masks it with the glitter.
The glitter is unlucky
1:25 YASS tree dude from Fran Bow and weird hanging heads!
Luciferns in the trees!
Oh my gosh... HE GREW A BEARD!
I knew this artstyle was familiar. I loved Fran Bow!!!
I want more of this game! Oh my gosh Jack, when the full version comes out, please play it for all to see!!
Oh, I am so very exited for this
I couldn't help but admire the way Jack looks at Misfortune and imagine how he'd look at his future daughter the same and just AAGGGG SO CUTE 😭
Misfortune's voice is enough to sell me
YouTube: Crearors can't swear or use any profanity!

YouTube Adds: kids riding in a car they stole HOLY SH*T DUDE!
Lmaoo stony the stone
That was...




AMAZING!!!!
Jack your Irish was showing at the end of the vid when you said “ what the feck was that all about?” 😂
Misfortune: What?! A fox criminal? That's silly.
jacksepticeye: Not as silly as throwing glitter on everything. But then again You are a kid!!
Congrats jack u roast you'r self
I love how it's October 11th and that's national coming out day.

Like and comment if you love LGBT!
Know that there's glitter in the soup somebody will get a BEET poor Misfortune her Dad hates everyone but dead bunnies ;-;
I love her lil French accent
aw this game's gonna be awesome
Me:eats 3 vitamin gummies instead of 2
Mr.voice:today is the day she will die
20:36 Also my date of birthday :3
There are so many fran bow refrences and jack is missing all of them im so mad
Noice beard jackaboi
I'm so excited to see more!
I absolutely loved Fran Bow, and I already love Little Misfortune.
Isn’t Eternal Happiness Code for death?
Stony had her blood on it. My god this child is so happy but all she thinks about is getting her mommy a gift a glitter.
jack singing 99 luftballoons in the beginning has given me life
the lector seems so caring for misfortune
Since I love dark humor I found this whole video very funny.
"BANG BANG" lol
you have to play this game fully
And the pine one thing
Ples ples ples play more as sone as you can love it 😍😍😍😘😘😘😘  love you to😘😘😘😘😘😘
Narrator voice guy sound like the Narrator from little big planet lmao
Thinks about Franbow 
cant remember franbow 
remembers jacks “franbow” voice remebers the game now
“OH”
Natalia is the perfect voice for misfortune!
This game is hype but damn they definitely turned up the real factor after Fran Bow
Sushi isnt as good as i thought
DO A VLOG WITH THE FOXES
Presenting Little Misfortune.

Where you kill Things by being near them
this is gonna be great
Fran Bow was amazing
Jack needs to do voice acting
....she says for reals but she knows the word problematic..... OOF
Fox: goes into round portal
Me: DR STRANGE, WHAT DO YOU THINK YOURE DOING?!
Dr strange:  umm........
Stony is... Bloody?
this game is going to be great
Like the devil
This seems pretty epic not gonna lie
"You can't trust Foxes, they're all criminals."


"SWIPER. NO. SWIPING!!!"
Screams
I really wanna see you play the full version of this game!
I wonder if Critical Roll's Jester had any influence on this character, they're remarkably similar! :)
foxes are criminals bc they stealyour heart when they floof
Don't forget, there was a cat in Fran Bow as well! Really liked the callbacks to that game.
I love her so much already
awww. she's adorable.
I think that the choice of which toy you bring with with you is really important for the ending. Like the rock represents reality, but also  aggressiv behavior and sadness, because of the story behind it, the sad face drawn on it, the contrast with it's dark colors to the cute and lively room and that she didn't decorated it with anything like stickers. You would expect that from Misfortune/ Miss Fortune.
The Rock will probably confront Misfortune/Miss fortune  with the harsh reality and sadness in life. Forcing the child to deal with it and that could result to her harming someone with the rock like her father did. I'm guess Ing that the rock will also represent the story of her father.
The unicorn stands for fantasy and all the things she likes, but that doesn't have to mean that it's the right choice either. Later on it'll probably lead the main character to ignore important problems to instead stay in a fantasy world. It represents the mothers side of the story, because the mother ignores the problems with her husband by drinking alcohol. She stays in the abusive relationship and tries to ignore the bad things.
The rock represents Misfortunes/ Miss fortunes Father and reality and the unicorn her mother and fantasy thats why she can't take both toys.
She has to decide what kind of person she wants to be. You can see that it's an ongoing theme by the Vase that she broke. She could leave it like that and accept that it's broken or "fix" it by just piecing it  together. You could clearly see that it's still broken by all the cracks, but she ignored it and said something like "Look! I fixed it."
Did any one notice Fran bows dress in her wardrobe?
DEATH TO ALL GLITTER!
Kimberly and Steven is my parents names
she kind of sound like lilypichu
*how in the hae is this game way tooo similar to the unfinished story I made back in 5th grade...?
Ahhh this game I am going to look forward to this game!
I'm screaming. Quietly. aaaaaaaaaaaaa
She sounds like Luna from those MLP paradox videos where they lick frogs.
I have this strong feeling that Benjamin is the narrator, even as the narrator says “ugh... that f o x...”
I HAVE A THEORY!

There is a reason why she is called 'Little Misfortune'!


Everywhere she goes, something bad happens!
She was born, her mother started to drink and her family started fighting.
Every time she runs, she breaks something in the house(Because let's be honest, even though that lump in the carpet was there, it was so visible she could've avoided it but it was because she was so clumsy and clumsy often leads to misfortune, am I right?)
When the bird died, she saw something yes, but when the vision came up that was the bird she was closest to so it died along with the vision.
Then at the end demo credits, when she was walking past all of the trees, all of the birds were dying!
Then when the rain cloud came it only went over her and then burnt the house to a crisp.
Not only that, when she walked where the Satellite fell, that means she walked under the Satellite meaning that if it's far up she can still cause something bad to it though it doesn't count in a radius beside her, only up from her. Then the Satellite caught on fire because of her 'happiness glitter'.
oh and um jack those "sculls" are from franbow you brush their hair and the turn into butterflies and that pine cone is from franbow too  just so you know :)
When’s this game out?
Can't wait for the full release!
Remember, it’s not a furry if they’re young but it’s messed up if the animal is an adult. Kinda adds to the story a bit.
James Charles is sitting on your lap right now 


Like to push him off
IM SUCH A LADY
I wounder how its going to end
0:00 i Love that song
The hanging skulls are called Luciferns in Fran bow.
That's why they look similar.

Edit: yes I liked my own comment your point.
"(dark) Our little secret...(happy) Hey! Benjamin's outside the window!"
I AM
SO
HAPPY
The decision choices style is the same as life is strange
She is so cute
This is so heart warming but also dark and sad pls play more and promise to keep yikes forever as your catch phrase
October 11 is my birthday huh lol..
Based on the end of the demo, it seems she causes "Misfortune" all around her kinda like Milo Murphy. This game is going to have a big twist, I'm excited for the full game to come out.
Why isn't is Little Ms.Fortune🙁
OMG I CANT WAIT FOR THIS GAME!
4:44 anyone else all of a sudden really want a family of foxes in their yard?




(edit) thx for the likes i never get any :')
oof this game was too real for me
ABSOLUTELY YES
Misfortune sounds like a little old Russian grandma
this is cool and all but can you do Sally Face part 5 when it comes out? please Jack?
I recently just rewatched the Fran bow series and the hair skull bois are the firefly bois and the pine cone bois are both from Fran bow
WHOA jack you got a bear I mean I knew I was gone for a while but how and why
man, i know how this kid feels.
Jack: I'm not going to read all that

Reads all of it
Omfg  12:44 where she said ‘i showed him the finger and he never came back’ IM IN TEARS 😂
Firstly: why does Misfortune sound like Pewdiepie's impression of Marzia? 

Secondly: Fran Bow is one of my favorite games and let's plays you've done on your channel-I'm excited to see what happens with this project! I definitely think it looks promising, and I love the shared universe with Fran Bow. I hope to see you play the finished game in the future. 🖤🌹
Pan's labyrinth: The game
She sounds like Dexter from Dexter's laboratory lmao
0:07 in and I'm laughing 😂
She sounds like jimmy Fallon when he does “different” voices for characters or imitates someone lol.
Jack: The colouring book might come in handy when we face the demons of the world, like the Devil or Kim Kardashian.

Yes, those two are practically interchangeable.
Can we all acknowledge the fact that the Narrator probably is either death who will take Misfortune's soul, or a demon that will kill her?
Now im sooo intrest in this game ivr never heard abouy it but i cant wait now
broke 4th wall out the bat
The narrator is a demon, im calling it here and now and she just made a deal by stepping on the pentagram. It’s a crossroads demon
"Is it okay to have feelings for a fox?" well you'd be made fun of as a furry but sure

also,is it too early to say I wanna protect her with my life?
Why is everyone acting like Fantastic Mr Fox isn’t a criminal
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLAY THIS GAME
she sounds like gru
I love this game! Please play it till the end
Her accent and personality is very Jester Lavorre 


I'm a fan
I think the Grim riper send Benjamin to kill misfurtune in the beginig you can see him. They where in the 5 dimension that is dangerous if fran bow was right. The heads is from that dimension. Or benjamin is trying to save her i think Numbers 1. 

Only me? 
I mean mr.voice is trying to save her or eternal happynes is you know a dead misfurtune. 

Who knows!
Ok am I the only one who doesn’t trust Benjamin? There is WAY too much foreshadowing that he is a bad guy!
SHES SO CUTE DNSJHDSKSN
we need more like if you want more
I WAS LITERALLY JUST REWATCHING THE FRAN BOW PLAYTHROUGH WHEN THIS GOT UPLOADED!
16:01 So does this take place in Alabama?
Misfortune reveals that she had a furry fetish-
I mean her name is MISFORTUNE...actually that makes it more sad
Maybe her parents called her misfortune because she was a misfortune for the dad and mom
He reminds me of my band director with that hair
Please play the full game please, I've been waiting days for you to play it
Thanks for the likes guys!
I'm so excited for this game
This is the story of Misfortune. She's either gonna die a child or live long enough to become a serial killer...
Misfortune is so kawaii .
Moms don’t sads NO more
Misfortune sounds a bit like Marzia dont argue with me on this
Damn didn't know she lived in Alabama
furries at young ages..
That child looks like Eclipsa from svtfoe lol
20:37 That’s my birthday - October 11th!
Yay! More Jacksepticeye!🙂❤️❤️❤️😁👍🥰
Ok wow I love her
Really cant wait for this gave
That accent us so adorable
Her voice reminds me of Mei XD
Why did the first few mins remind me of Adventure time? lol (man I miss that show 😭😭)
Waiting for Sally face;(
Eternal happiness is death to put her out of her misfortune (no pun intended)
Hakuna tomatas!!! lol I just had to.
Fran Bow was the best experience I've had watching a series a youtube
it said oct 11 on the calendar in the game so that means this all takes place on my birthday oof
You may be right about how your parents in print you, I don't live with  my real parents so I live with my great grandparents and we argue a lot...and that kinda impacts my social skills, so now I have a bad temper and usually argue with people....
Y E S FINALLY
WHAT HAPPEND TO YOUR HAIR!!!! XD
Aww, she's precious, but she gonna diiiieeeee. 


Loved Fran Bow so much, loving this already!!
ITS OUR LITTLE RUSSIAN LADY
I think the narrator it's like the Grim Reaper, leading Misfortune to her death and the fox is going to save her.
The eternal happiness that is promised is actually heaven because she is going to die. That’s my theory, at least.
Oh my god! Yaas, this is a must have playthrough!!
I guess you could could say Little Misfortune was a happy little accident
who else thought the black cat was mr midnight
U should feed the foxes
i bet the mom is going to be fran bow
Mmmmmmmm........ SHES TO PRECIOUS WE MUST PROTECT THIS GIRL
Reads the title, noticing the name " Fran Bow "

Nani?!
For a second, after I saw the title, I thought that this was a demo for a sequel to Fran Bow.
69k likes. Nice
her nme is misfortune not miss fortune
This game is so creepy and cute! I love it so much I can't wait till the game is fully released!
Now I have to rewatch the fran bow series to quench my first for more of that modern take on alice in wonderland.
15:38 am I the only one to notice she said damn it
did i hit good likes
Nah i believe Morgam Freeman's voice is better
I think that since her name is Misfortune that bad things happen because of her because when she was in the forest at the end all the birds died along with that satellite
This game looks awesome. I have no idea what the hell is happening in it. All i know is: Glitter, Demons and Eternal Happiness. Its like My Little Pony for sadists
Bro did anyone notice that the pinecones and the heads, in the beginning, are from Fran Bow!?!?!
u have to play the whole thing when it comes out!!!!!
Yes ETERNAL happiness....... its Doom Eternal if u dont get it
wouldn't it be weird if  Death was actually the narrator.
Greg from night in the woods is a dog... That thing is a fox
I think she's named Misfortune because unfortunate things don't happen TO her... They happen BECAUSE of her!
My name is Benjamin too
Ow  my  spirit  is  a fox
I want to protect Misfortune with all of my heart and soul. she’s so precious and pure
20:35 that voice crack though.
awe you got basically pet foxes
Doesn't Misfortune sound like Dexter from Dexter's Laboratory?????!
She sounds like Gru
your fran bow series is one of my favorite ever and i'm glad the devs are making another game
pleASEE PLAY MORE!
I wanna say miss fortune instead of misfortune 😅
Awesome game! I hope you do a playthrough
Omg, the date in the game is my birthday! ...Wait... “she will die today” ..... 😰
Did you see all the fran bow references? This is super cool!

Jack, great job as always, you should make this a full time thing!
1:32 did anyone else see the heads hanging. The heads are from Fran bow
HAPPINESS FOR YOU DEAD BIRD!
When a small kid draws hands better then you
imagine if misfortune is Franbow's child o0o
When are you free to do one
Little Misfortune? thinks LITTLE INFERNO!!! yells
Does this mean Fran bows adevntures actually had her traversing real planes ot wasn't just in her head?
Is there an option in the game to call on social services on that girl?? Like the game an its art, but boy its messed up beyond another level!!
Checked his Instagram and so sad! I was promised foxes! 😂
Edit: never mind Twitter did not disappoint!
someone give scp 999 to this lil girl NOW!!!
Right now her name is misfortune but later on her name would be Mrs. Fortune😄
I’ve been gone for a while, huh? Jack’s got one heck of a beard now!
Brings attention to abortion laws, gun control laws, domestic abuse, neglect, effects of this on mental health and perspective of children. 10/10
A game made by the Fran Bow devs?
"Ah shit here we go again"
18:37 yikes, forever.
Misfortune sounds like a drunken Russian on helium
Awesome  intro.
When you get glitter on your hands and you cant get it off
Me:this is the end
The black cat next to the road reminds me of Mr Midnight from Fran Bow
Oh hey the tangled up tree heads from Fran Bow are here
I wanna play this so bad! I think it might end up being even better than Fran Bow.
wooooooah wtf who else say the creepy ass floaty old lady heads with the long hair hanging from the tree those were the same ones in Fran bow
This makes me want to see Jack play Broken Age. I think he'd like it and I'd love to see his reaction.
k n e w i t
Where’s the boy Benjamin???
she laughs when she's nervous or anxious...just like me
I like only one type of sushi
Little misfortune: “ok choices”
22:54 then jack 23:24
Me:😂😂🤣🤣
I had a similar childhood but my mom was the one who would hit people
endglitter2019
yeS YES YES YES YES YES
I want Fran and Misfortune to be friends
Your opening is exactly what it looks like when I'm trying to sing the song.
Soooo is the goal of the game to kill her and the obstacle is her constantly escaping death? Is she a harbinger of destruction to where the player must accept she has to be stopped? Or are we stopping her from getting herself killed, since she's crushing on the reaper?
1:35 those things arent "hanging skulls" if im correkt their called pigmi heads
Go outside and into the white van
Missfortune: a fox criminal that's silly


Swiper: hold my beer
Is misfortune like pandora and you know, just cause destruction where she goes?
I haven't been active on your channel for a while and I get suprised with a beard? DAmmmM
i looked at the comments to see if anything scary happens the comments were no help
Misfortune is a hardcore
looking at the picture of Benjamin, Misfortune has amazing hand writing
Am I the only one that saw the heads hanging from the trees and the pinecone from Fran bow????
Do you know roughly when it's going to come out?
Jack= I hate glitter it's the worst abomanation humans have ever made

Me= SAME!!!!!
2 seconds in and I’m greeted by jack flying in by balloon why am I surprised?
oh lordy....
the date on the calendar at 20:32 is my birthday......






DID THIS PRECIOUS THING DIE ON MY BIRTHDAY?!
She sounds like she has Wolfychus voice
At 8:07 jack is trying to explain primary socialisation, everything from our culture which we learn from our parents. We mimic when children until about the age of twelve where we go into secondary socialisation: learning the culture from our peers, school, the mass media etc. Secondary socialisation never ends and we are constantly learning and mimicking. 

(Had to edit the time)
This looks awesome...
21:28 well, f you too narrator
The devs behind fran Bow make some amazing games!! I would love this to become a massive hit in the gaming industry
I need more
Jack they were the tangled heads from Fran bow, Remember you had to comb their hair to set them free
PLEASE JACK PLAY THE REAL GAME PLEASE
There was three crows on the road. Wich means health, but on the title screen there were six, wich means illness...
Record full game when it's out. Your choices are interesting.
When she said "I never get to pet the sweet animals" I swore she said "I never get to pet or shoot animals"
1:33 the hair skull ghost thingys
Stony the Stoner.
Giving me some real Sally face vibe
Maybe the cat was Mr midnight uuh gasp
HE FORGOT REAFY FROM SUBNAUTICA
This game makes me feel useless. She's innocent and doesn't have much social skills
How did jack not recognize the hair people on the tree and the pin one at the beginning
5:53 can’t stop laughing
Currently @ 5:57, literally crying just because of how precious she is. They better not hurt her.
EDIT- I’m at the end of the video. I love her. If anything happens to her, I’m killing everyone, and then myself.
The little girl is from Russia..That's how they talk in Russia..She is adorable!!!
Wow that's saaaad
6:30 ive never read a more relatable sentence than that. I have no clue about some of my emotions for people or my family, everything is confusing. poor sweet thing :( i understand.
In the beginning the first thing I thought was it’s a game to help people come out as a furry
I can't wait for the full game I'm so pumped ^_^
I need more
Quite real. How exiting for the future
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee <3
inserts yikes forever
I literally (and im not kidding) 





Went to Jacks instagram and looked for a picture of the fox family. And couldnt find any. 
1:30 jack didn’t realize the head form Fran bow was there
Jack: "Was that her little butt?"
Stony got stoned
A fox led adventure sanctioned by death himself whit Jack playing none the less. !!!  NEAT!!
Hey Jack, you think you could do a Oneshot playthrough? Came out a few years ago, but it's a super good game!
its the hair tree!!! and can I have your house please?
I'm extremely glad I didn't watch this while I was depressed. little misfortune is like a fricking mirror image of what I was dealing with. No one taught me what to feel
She sounds like VenusAngelic
"I hate glitter"
Me: le gasp I love glitter
as a weapon
It never goes away shutters
That's a pretty cool fox
Hi, when will this game be released
"gregg from night in the woods sure let himself go" I CACKLED
NIGHT IN DA WOOOOOODS!!!!!!!
Ah yes, the adventures of Stony the Stone and his friend, Flowey the Flower. :P
The finger is great  Bigfoot repellent lmao
AAAAA
Jack sally face episode 5 for sally face is rumoured to be out 25th of may
Seeing how perfectly innocent she is for how bad her family is, makes me want to punch her parents...yes punch, I’m not taking that back!
I was thinking that fox reminded me of night in the woods

And then jack was like
“Oh GrEG frOm niGht in the WOods”


You read my mind
Misfortune sounds like a female little Gru
I think I see Fran Bow's outfit in her closet at the begining
yeah the voice is kinda weird.
NEUN UND NEUNZIG LUFTBALLONGS
You underestimate the power of the cheerleaders jack. They increase attack speed so when you put a bunch of them with ranged units, like the hwacha, they fire and reload ridiculously fast, especially with the catapult, ballista and hwacha and you'll see the magic. You can also do this with a mace spinner and it becomes a literal tornado.
Like so Sean can see this.
"The cheerleaders are a dissapointment"

Oh Jack... You just mocked the cheerleader unit. They can turn mace spinners into tornados, they can make balistas rapid fire, they make attacks faster. 

Oh God, it's probably one of the best units in the game
Nobody gonna say anything about how Jack hasn't updated the description since the time when Roger's head shrank?
I voted Ice Giant




IM SO GOOD AT THIS
The evolution of Roger
Episode 1 shield man
Archer
Snake Archer
Firework Archer
You missed 3 secret units, the Artemis, the Mace Spinner, and Executioner! Happy hunting!!!
Can we talk about how Jack's "Gamer Card" is an Alabama driver's license from the US? 😂💜
Props to Robin for a the amazing extra work he's been putting in lately with that green screen.
Try puttin a catapult with a lot of cheerleaders 
Its amazing😂😂
normal troops:WE ARE THE BEST TROOPS!!1111!!!


giant:Я собираюсь положить свою говядину в их тако.
You still forgot Artemis the executioner and mace spinner
Jack: starts singing the AOT theme song

Me: stands up and screeches, dancing furiously
Jacksepticeye:
《Starts deja vu song》


Youtube:
DEMONITIZED
Jack:  Tells a secret to twenty two million people 
Also Jack: SHHHH. DON'T TELL ANYONE!
When I first saw TABS: ugh no I don’t want to watch that

Me, now: CMON SEAN WHEN YOU GONNA UPLOAD ANOTHER TABS VIDEO
JACK THE CHEERLEADERS ARE SIMPLY OP, USE THEM WITH ANY RANGED UNIT AND WATCH THE MAGIC, ALSO WITH THE MACE SPINNER
please like so he can see this!!!!!!
Sean:Exists
Secret things: am I a joke to you
the cheerleaders are good with ranged units as long as you keep them away from enemies.
You missed Artemis,made spinner and the executioner
Jack: TINY LITTLE MEN THAT ARE EASY TO SQUASH!
Halflings: Hold my beer!
Actually Jack, there are 12 secret units XD 


You missed Artemis, Mace Spinner and Executioner!
jack you forgot the exacutioaor its an axe stuck in a tree on the farm level
Yes my first like!!! Wonder why it's blue....
you missed artemis mace spiner and execucioner
5:49 THEIR FEASTING ON YOUR FLESH!!! 

Me: Of course They Are! Becouse Others Call Them Zombies!
Jack: Misses some hidden troops

Fans: We're about to ruin this man's career
I haven’t watched jack in about a year and now I really regret it.
0:05 when an anxiety attack starts coming-when it slowly leaves you 0:16
Jack: “Looking for the elusive...”
Me: “CARMEN SAN DIEGO!”
Jack: “...the strange”
Jack there are secret units in totally accurate battle simulator
Jack try 20 cheerleaders and one mace spinner!
It will create something special.

Edit: 
Mace spinner: Medieval 2 - Inside a tall tower to the right.
Executioner: Medieval 1 - There's an axe in a tree stump.
Artemis: Ancient 1 - At the top of the lighthouse.
Everyone:the best game is tabs
Arthur Morgan:Am i a joke to you?
you didnt find Artemis, executioner and mace spinner. use a bunch of cheerleaders on the mace spinner and it will be a crazy tornado
T posing to assert dominance😂😂😂😂 Sean you crack me up
I vote Tree Giant for the Giant battle! The power of nature compels you!
JACK! You missed the first secret units. These are all the new ones. The cheerleaders speed up attack,and when you find the Mace Spinner,team him up with a bunch of cheerleaders
you missed one where you found the tree giant and there are 2 more after that
jack where is the next vid :( im tired of waiting its been 13 days
Jack i love your vids like so he can see this pls
You should also be looking for Artemis, the Mace Spinner, and the Executioner.
Just put 1 archer and 10 cheerleaders vs 50 halflings and see the magic.
Like so Sean can see this.
If jack danced it would be called the shamrock shake
13:33 Quick, no time to explain! Turn your volume to 100! You've got to trust me!
Sean: My Money Is On The Tree Giant
 Me: I Love You My Beautiful Child, Because Irish Minds Think Alike
i love attack on titans like if you do too
Jack the Cheerleaders are AMAZING. They make units fire faster, catapults, arrows, ballistas, mace spinners. And more. Also, there are even more secret units

Edit: Bro, thanks for the likes, really hope Jack sees this
Speaking of world War z could you please play it?
the thing is, he made an error on the first upload. It was #9 when it was suppose to be #10 xD
he fixed it :/
since coke will not sponsor you jack... you know that pepsi max has a vanilla variant as well right
I think you missed feckin Artemis,mace spinners and executioner
There are three other secret units:
Artemis - Ancient 1
Mace Spinner - Medieval 2
Executioner - Medieval 1
Happy Hunting!
He missed one unit 



Actually he missed 3
Sean: Look at this pillar of men!





Men...pillar.....
You should do a clash of the titans
Firework archers vs a mammoth
the cheerleaders pump up other units 

like this so HE CAN SEEE!!!
dear god, he mixed so many memes today, deja vu AOT E/markiplier meme halo theme wth jack
There is a Artemis special unit in tabs, i don't know what map tho
MORE I WANT MORE VIDEOS
I wonder how many comments bombarded this video saying 'JACK YOU MISSED ARTEMIS' (and the executioner and the human beybla- i mean mace spinner)
1: you're still missing 3 secret units.
2: the cheerleaders increases attack speed. Try putting like ten with a WHACHA or one of the secret units you have yet to find.
3: the shogun is essentially a better teacher as he has the same abilities just better.
Jack the cheerleaders buff your unit speed and strength  look in ancient 1  for mace spinner with cheerleaders makes a tornadoes
Artemis, Executioner, and Mace Spinner
jack you missed 3 secret units macespiner,artimies,executioner
You missed three units. Artemis, Executioner and Mace Spinner. 
Try surrounding the Mace Spinner with cheerleaders, it's amazing
4:38
Short blue guy:*jojo walks*
Samurai giant:We don't do that here.
This is beautiful <3
Where is the Artemis executioner mace spinner you forgot that jack
Oh I see Coke Zero Vs Pepsi Max..
This is a cool and funny game.
Jack theres more!!


In medieval 1 look at the tree stump 
In medieval 2 look in one of the towers
In ancient 1 look at the watch tower
It's 12:00 am and I didn't feel like watching anime but watching him makes me kinda wanna watch anime 
#12:00inspirations
"You have a weapon, he doesn't!"



Jack, he has a weapon.


His fists.
Do you cheerleader with mace  spinner
17:16 i vote ice giant
Jack: misses 3 units
Fans: No this is not allowed
YOU MISSED SOME


AND SPAM CHEERLEADERS ON THE MACESPINNER AND ALL PROJECTILE TROOPS (Increases fire rate by a tone)
Jack do 8 hwatchas vs 800 firework archers
So no ones going to talk abt how he missed 3 ot more units lmao
ice all the way
You missed Artemis on the 1st ancient map, the mace spinner on the 2nd medieval map and  the executioner on the same map as the tree giant
When you're so late to everything you sing the opening in the first season
For Round 4:SENSEI
there is three secret unit in medievel 2 macespinner anicent artermis medievel executioner
Jack you forgot the other op secret units
Does the Gaelic warrior not know about the other 3 secret units:
Artemis
Mace Spinner
Executioner
its been awhile since he played more ofdis
My fellow ninja... took out an ice giant...





With some help
13:57 Accurate representation of Mordhau Frontline.
I am legitimately dying with all of these game of thrones references what even
You still need Artemis, the Executioner and the mace spinner
Hobbits got buffed a lot, they are overpowered now
wow jack you are my leader you are better than my army i would like to join you :) :)
Jack: I need the highest of warriors
misses the best three Artemis executioner and made spinner
Round 4 IG

Edit: yay I get to keep my money this time!!
Jack there is three more secret units but when you find the one named mace spinner put it with 10-20 cheerleaders and watch the magic happen 


Edit:thanks for the likes!
Trying to watch these while in bed next to my sleeping girlfriend, everytime he yells he dabs 🤦🏻‍♂️
Radical GIANT by JACKSEPTICEYE
Ice and Dice,the Ice Giant has my Vote!

Yet again he has my vote!


I vote for the Ninja Bois!

Now the Ice Giant
Love the game of thrones references 😄 
STICK EM WITH THE POINTY END!!!
But are these secret units able to determine if the background is Real Or Fake?
It say on the gamer card that he is female
I feel cringe was your plan for 2019 its up to 11 jack
you forgot mace spinners in the tower on the overgrown kingdom map
Jack: okay, I will find the special units!!
Fans: YOU FORGOT THREE UNITS!!!
JACK. Once you find all the secret units, team them up with cheerleaders. You're gonna LOOOOVE it.
That last bout reminds me of Berserker vs Classic.
You missed the mace spinners, the   executioners, and artemis
Sees an old meme... GASP, He DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBDDDD
Think you forgot artemis mace spinner  and executioner and simulation and dantdm forgot shogun
You’re still missing the old secret units....(Artemis, Mace Spinner, Executioner)
Ice Giant will win!!!                                       YAY IM RIGHT
jack hope you read this do all giants vs all giants
I saw a dude dabbing and I was so sad that Jack didn't yell, "HE DABBED!"
"One of the ice giants are red" 
My brain: would that not make him a fire giant 🤔
Jack. Cheerleaders are Roger's best friend... And you missed 3 secret units
Hey jack if you have alot  of cheerleaders they will make your units stronger and faster
more tabs? please?
Did jack just recreate 3 meme statements in this video?
Jack I am back after 3 years sorry but you know ppl change but I am back 🥰🥰🥰

LOVE YOU AND YOUR VIDEOS ❤️❤️❤️

I AM VERY SORRY JACK 😟😟😟
You still need Artemis, the Executioner and the mace spinner
The next video make a tottally accurate battle simulator try a lot of cheerleader and 1 hwacha
you missed three old secret units (artemis ,Executionor , mace spinner )
5:31
Higher on the street (and i know its no place to call home)
Calling you and the subjects a mystery standing on my feet 
Its so hard when i try to be me woooaaah
9:26 LOOK AT THIS PILLAR OF MEN
Aztec dubstep intensifies
4:44 - 4:53 looks like a badass anime attack hehehe
Plz play more tabs
You guys are gonna knock the seven shades of sh*te out of eachother
-Jacksepticeye

20:18
Jack in the next tabs video
THERE ARE MORE SECRET UNITS!?
Can we see firework archers against a tree giant or giant samurai???
Me when he got the tree giant:  put👏 the👏 giants 👏 against👏each👏 other
19:55 that's literally the final fight between Sasuke and Naruto. It's epic
theres 12 SECRET units in the game.9 form this update and 3 form later update
10:32
Jack: this tree looks odd...
Me: jack why would that be a unit you silly...
Tree: *is a unit*
Me:😐
JACK O' JACK THERE ARE 11 OR 12 SECRET UNITS JACK O'JACK
Jack’s neighbours 😭
JACK:this is you and this is all my love and affection
GIANT:*SMASH!!!!!*
ME: so he hates us
LMAO
Bro... the subtitles , I'm crying.
Jack, There are (I think) 3 more secret units

1. The executioner 

2. The mace spinner 

3. Artemis
Round 1 Ice Giant Round 2 Ice Giant Round 3 ninjas Round 4 Ice Giant Round 5 Greg the ice Giant
you didnt find Artemis, executioner and mace spinner. use a bunch of cheerleaders on the mace spinner and it will be a crazy tornado
"This is you, and this is all my love and affection"
the tree man starts swinging and a blue guy grabs some booty
Jack, are you saying that if we try to escape your love and affection...that it'll come to cop a feel? Can we never escape with our butts untouched..?
Who would like 50 shades of ice giant
jack, try these units with a buttload of cheerleaders, you wont regret it. ;)

1) ballista with 20 cheerleaders
2) hwacha with 20 cheerleaders
3) catapult with 20 cheerleaders
4) mace spinner (secret unit) with 20 cheerleaders


you will be happy.
Hi Jacksepticeye, I was wondering if you would consider doing an LP for Persona 5 or Danganronpa Trigger Happy Havoc?
the tree giant looks like Steve Aoki
its like 300 toddlers trying the rock
2:10 goddammit Robin, you never cease to impress.
There are 12 secret units you forgot artemis, the executioner and the mace spinner
It’s like Winterfell all over again 

~Jackseptieye 2019
Watch as his gamer card picture is literally the same as his drivers license picture....
Everyone: Hey jack did u hear about secret units hey jack do swcret units hey jack secret units JACK SECRET UNITS
Jack: end me now
you missed executioner on same level as tree giant
Jack you missed mace spinner plus 30 cheerleader and one mace spinner is tornado Rrly cauze cheerleader increase attack and speed
Ice man will win
"Or feck it!"
Getting more Irish everyday
jack is a bad critic
im Icelandic so ICE GIGANT
The cheerleaders buff up other units attack speed and when you find the other three units use the cheerleaders on Artemis (may crash computer) and the mace spinner it's awesome 👏 (also try the catapult, HWACHA and Steve Its hilarious 😂)
The last battle= you vs your best friend
Attack on titan who no just tabs on titan at this point
300 cost Teacher vs 800 cost worth of Squires
Teacher loses
Jack: "The Teacher sucks!"

 (yes, I counted)

Jack: "The Ice Giant is the best!"

Prices, Jack. Prices.
people keep saying try surrounding the mace spinner with cheerleaders, well just try surrounding any unit with cheerleaders it has the same effect either way

R.E only a few heave special attacks though ^-^
Jack you missed three units Artemis mace spinner and executioner. Can you do ice giant vs tree giant and samurai giant?
FINALLY HE HEARD US ON THE SECRET UNITS-
2:10
I    a m    d e a d
I really love watching the Sensei flail his arms around while throwing Shurikens XD
Ok apparently ice giant all the way
Why is he progressively looking more and more like a Viking over time?
yOu aRE stİlL MisSİng 3 SeCRet uNİTs
Mammoth vs giant samurai
I was hoping Robin would keep Jack gamercard in the corner of the Face cam (there’s also like 9 more secret units)
7:57 Take him to the emperor!
Red godzilla VS blue godzilla end Red godzilla win WOOOW
Jack: Tiny little men that are easy to squash!

Google: Did you mean: "The Irish"
I think there are secret units
Also, the next video should be called “I still messed up... HOLY CRAP THAT THING IS AMAZING”
Dabbing is being resurrected by Jack! STOP IT JACK NO!
Sean.




Did you know there were secret units in TABS?
Can we all take a moment to appreciate Robin's editing? Fantastic job as always my dude <3
landfallgames: nobody can get through all of TABS' content before we come out with more

Jack: hold my Coca-Cola zero sugar same great coke taste but zero sugar now with a hint of added vanilla for flavor
One ice giant can beat at least 386 squires. Yes, I tried it.
Mario VS Big Bowser...remake of 2019, except Mario has no hat, lives in a farm, and is blue instead of red. Bowser drank a potion and turned into a big, red, tree-carrying man.
13:02
Put a shotgun up against an ice giant

Put a cheerleader with a sensei

Magic will happen
Round 1, 5 Cheerleaders and 1 Hwacha vs 2 Ice Giants. Round 2, 10 Cheerleaders and 1 Mace spinner vs 100 Halflings. Round 3, 15 Cheerleaders and 1 Sensei vs 100 Halflings. (All of the rounds have fun things happen)
Well now my love and effection are gone
JAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!! The cheerleader makes people attack faster, and the effect stacks. Also, try just 2 cheerleaders buffing each other.
20:05 "I like red more than i like blue" Wearing navy BLUE shirt with BLUE lights in background
I have strep throat I just got out the ER this made my day
Jack you missed some units, the executer, the mace spinner,  and artimis, btw the cheerleaders increase the atack speed of units
I heard the HALO theme song ur da best
i vote ice giant
Cheerleaders are a disappointment he says. Ha ha! You underestimate our power.
Jack you forgot the strongest unit Artemis

EDIT:also mace spinner and executioner

EDIT: yay my first 68 likes
I love how we smash his love
Jack secret units
yeah this doesnt help with the headache i have🤦🏽‍♀️
Why GOT spoilers, why...
There are three more secret units! Total of 12.
Also try these combos: 
20 cheer leaders + balista
20 cheer leaders + mace spinner
20 cheer leaders + zues
ice  giant!!!!
What better to do at 5 am when you can’t fall back to sleep than watch Jack. Made me laugh. Love this game, his commentary, and also a solid 10/10 for Robin’s editing
Cheerleaders and 1 of every projectile shooting unti
and theres 12 secret unites
You missed the 3 firsts secrets units xD 😂
The first u should have played the clock work orange theme sond
2:12 jack: we have a secret menu GUYS WE HAVE A SECRET MENU
But I knew he was going to lose
avatar reference
Litle did Jack know, the secret units were really just introverted units
JACK, idea, you want some slap happy fun? Firework arrow the GIANTS, think about it, all tree on one side, then the three are flying like super-... i mean el-speeder-min (spider man). you may die a third time tho (of laughter), so play at your own risk.
actually there's 12 secret units
Jack there's a god secret unit in a map hint its wepon is a bow
Try to play Rambo sicseg pls
Jack!!! Cheerleaders are only buffing units pls try 
1 Hwacha and 10 cheerleaders
 see what happens
Ice giant for the win
Samurai Giant
Jack the cheer leaders make it so you reload faster so it's for ranged units and....... mace spinner.
There a duel welling axe man duel welling bow man and more look at Dan tdm secrit units
I was going to comment on the units, but I'm going to let the other 6.4k comments do that.
To be honest I liked the teacher the best
Attack on titan’s new season is looking lit
Tie? The 5th round?
U missed out on artemis
Jack there are three more “secret” units:
1. Artemis
2. Mace Spinner
3. Executioner
you missed one secret the ARTEMIS
Jack did you try'd the one punch man unit
It's been a long time I've seen Jack with the Viking beard
Love the editing! :D
THERE ARE 12 secret units!!! An earlier patch had 3 other secret units. And one of them is an absolute beast!
Someone edit the part with the giant samurai against all the halflings with the attack on titan op 1
You missed 3 unit x)
Hey, Jack! If you do any more of this series, I'd love to see you use the priests to buff giant units, or even mammoths
there are more 
in greece
Jack you forgot about the mace spinner, Artemis, and the executioner
Jack needs to make a video where him and Robin pick two different sides then they choose their army and fight each other.
Hey jack I see that’s an Alabama drivers license I LIVE IN ALABAMA
Hit the like button I miss tabs!
I think "The Teacher" was a reference to the 80's film Highlander.
If you think the cheerleaders are bad, do this battle:
 20 cheerleaders and 1 ballista vs literally ANYTHING


Also there are 12 secret units
“What does the lord of light tell ya?”


E
you should do a all half-ling army
Yo u gotta chill with them spoilers
Jack put 30 CHEERLEADER with a random unit it has a cool special attack
there are 12 secret units in total!!!




once you find them all do macespinners with cheerleaders!!!!
"spicy fecker ya"
            -Jack, 2019
lots of cheerleaders + mammoth = tornado (literally)
the background is faaaake
One punch man is in the game waaaaaaaaaaa
You didn't find three secret units as their are total 12 , you didn't find mace spinner (which can be a tornado with cheerleaders ),  Artemis (Roger mom) and a big axe guy.
Do you mean garlic blood Jackaboi?
There are three more secret units... their names:artemis(girl),mace spinner and executioner (both boy)
TREE GIANT!!! WOOP WOOP!
rooting for ice giant, coz he looks cooler to me
Again, Robin, fantastic job with the editing and the trolls , keep it up man!

Jack/sean: Great video as always. you evolved greatly in the years, from a insecure little hobbit, to a loud screaming demon leader!
20 cheerleaders and mace spinner or huatcha
TINY LITTLE MEN, THAT ARE EASY TA' SQUASH
yeah what about satisfactory????
somebody needs to make a compilation of every time jack screamed "he DABBED!!1!1!!!11!"
Background is fake today ;)
Go jack I believe in you you can do it (ALL THE WAY)to the top
Try using a catapult on the same team of the cheerleaders
Red Ice Giant
Sean: I’m scared of copy strike from singing

Also Sean: Sings in videos anyway
When jack became Family friendly...
I Love The Quiet Tree Giant's Beard!
15:00 right, bye: time to go watch some of Robin’s stuff
Surround a mace spinner cheerleaders
But are these secret units able to determine if the backgr0und is Real 0r Fake?



lm a Japanese y0utuber and l love jacks!!!
cheerleaders make ranged units faster  (you need a lot of them
I wish the music kept goin
why did u get a hair cut u look so much better when u didn't get a hair cut and keep up the great content
Jack you should do a video of a huge battle with all the secret troops please
Jack if you sround a mace spinner with cheerleaders some funnny will happen
The cheerleader makes ranged weapons reload a lot faster.   Stupet
Jack: ohh ohh there’s one right here
Jack: ohhh the shogun
Me???? Okayyyyy
Jack: yeah Sensei
Me: wow secret units
Cheerleaders speed up the attack, but only in large groups, its worth it, but THINK OF THE GOD STEVEN WILL BE!!!
ZE CHEERLEADERS ARE THE BEST DO THE SECRET UNITS AGAIN OR ELSE I AM GOING TO DISLIKE EVERY VIDEO IF YOU DO NOT MAKE ANOTHER VIDEO (The Ze Was A Spelling Mistake Sorry.)
I have something.. A cheerleaded Roger vs all the giants




90 cheerleaders
1 Roger

vs 

1 Ice Giant
1 tree giant
1 Samurai Giant
Jack, you should make the giants fight the mammoths
On the Ancient map there is a bow, which unlocks the REAL strongest unit in the game!
"Don't forget to go out and punch a child"
                      Jacksepticeye 2019
                          21:08
you missed one "artemis"
Been a while since I watched, he looks like a viking
I'd suggest combining Mace Spinner with a bunch of Cheerleaders (or any ranged unit with Cheerleaders)
So he’s shrek ok jack your shrek
Do 100 hawatchas vs 100 hawatchas pls
TABS the new happy wheels?.....



Like for a 100 episode long play through
2:45

umm Sean? this is the early access im pretty sure u mean closed alpha or something
There's actually 12 because there is others
I bet on Ice Giant so where's my money Jack 🤣
well, technically sensei was in beta but i think he was called ninja master at the time. also, 14:20 how does jack not notice the tiny head?
20:33 guess jack missed that the red ice giant Punch the blue ice giant in the nuts on his last blow :∆
Litter the Battle Field!!!
13:00 "HE DEEEEAAAADDDD" had me in tears xD
Use the cheerleaders with long-range units
Either Sean wants to make this game all about Roger or the description for TABs has been forgotten about
"One big hecken fecker"

-Jacksepticeye 2019
13:40 this is what most students think when their teacher gives out homework on Friday for Monday
Naruto Shadow Clone Jutsu 11:06
Ice Giant!!
Hey jack in your next tabs video put the cheerleaders with a catapult then you'll see how useful they really are
Jack: *sings AOT theme*
Me: *screams through meme window* *blasts through wall*
Jack the cheerleaders make units attack faster
5:19 not there yet jack thanks for the spoilers...
jack there are secret units
i knew the star throwin idiots would win JSE PLZ MAKE MORE HAPY WELLS plz ur my fav ytber
Every tabs video i hear from jack HE DAAAAAAABED XD
my moneys on the ice boi, it took him like ten seconds to rek the haflings
Mace spinner and cheerleaders
Theres 3 more secret units
Ice giant like if correct
YOU MISSED 3 OTHER SECRET UNITS!!!! There're 12 secret units, these 9 units are the newer ones.
GARBO I SAY GARBOO
Jacksepticeye is the best you tuber 😄☺️
Treeeee and Sonic treeeeeeeee
Jack you didnt find all of the Secrets units there more which you can find
Jack use a large many cheerleader and a macespinner vs a 200 hafling
Jack noise and excitement is so toxic and I love it
Sometimes Jack have times where he was underestimating some things that are powerful when used correctly, while other times he just go all out for fun
there are actually three more you didnt get they were before the dynasty update
Ok ok this is great and all but what about 




The chicken man man?
Hey Jack use the cheerleaders with different ranged units it will boost the speed of their reload and how many things they through
Ice Giant because he cost 6000 not 4000
2:51 nice reference 🤣👍
Sean you missed a few more secret units
jack there 3 more secret units. and cheerleaders are great with ranged units or others.
Please like so Jack can see.
btw if you give a sensei 3-5-8-13 cheerleaders he throws about...

math math math math math math math math math math
math math math math math math math math math math


16,703 ninja stars every 2 minutes if theres enough units around
this works best with hay balers and / or squires
More mace spinners please
Looks like WINTER IS COMING to MIDDLE EARTH. 😏
Cheerleaders are op. put like 20 next to 1 Balista against Wayy too many things
Sees Tree Giant send the halflings flying

Flashbacks to Skyrim
3:23 genii vs Reinhardt be like
would i be correct in saying you got copy striked at 16:40 - 16:45 ?
When is the next episode coming?
Nobody:
Sean: Feckin
Try a lot of cheerleaders with all three of the siege weapons, sensei, Artemis, and finally the macespinner
7:01
Yay
Ice Giant vs Mammoth ya know
there are twelve secret units
4:45 JoJo????
you are gonna be upset THE CHEER LEADER  IS THE MOST POWERFULL
CHEER LEADER + SENSIE = GATLING GUN
CHEER LEADER + MACE SPINNER = TORNDO
CHEER LEADER +HWACHA= INFINTE ARROW
You are missing three more
He had the same idea as me
12:23 And the swing was Jack telling you he’s not gay.
This came out 5 days ago and I just got the notification 2 minutes ago...
No one:


Not a soul:


Not one atom in the multiverse:


Jack: feckin
Roger has a god artamis he is in a tower
Blue team has something Red doesn’t. Caboose.
David vs Goliath at 4:07
Ice gaits
Just play a mace spinner with a hundred cheerleaders. Watch him fly
7:05 
CUE THE HALO COPYRIGHTED MUSIC
20:00
When 2 Bears wake up.
Okay but what about the SUPER secrete units
Butthead: Uhh.. my unit?
JACK THERE ARE MORE THAN 9 SECRET UNITS IN THE GAME NOW...    FIND THE REST!
Ice Giant vs Samurai giant              Ice giant will win
11:03 spot the anime protagonist!
I will never get used to jacks bierd
Jack there are 3 more secret unit I think
13:04 "And David jumped up to punch Goliath in the nuts."


(totally accurate bible stories)
firework archers vs ice giant
To many got references
That Ice Giant vs Tree Giant battle was highkey exhilarating tho
Can u do tree v samurai giant
Jack: "There's only 9 units."

Executioner, mace spinner and Artemis: "Are we a joke to you?"
The new season of Attack on Titan looks great!
I think I've been watching too much jacksepticeye. As soon as he got the teacher I knew he was going to say Syrio Forel
I voted Ice Giant
Ice gaint
The voices reminded me of that one time

Y’know...


“JACK! This is Chase! You need to wake up.”
I think ice giant is gonna win
red ice giant
8:10 thanks, Robin.
samiria giant
Find the Mace spinner and put him with a bunch of cheerleaders
5 shamrocks on the ice giant
Tree giant is gonna win
Jack play gta5 

GTA5 GTA5 GTA5 GTA5 
 Jack yells AHHHHHHHHHH
Great job "Jack"
Artemis is literally mega Rogers  find mega Roger aka artemis
7:00



nothing else is needed
jack should fill up the whole arena with halflings like if agree
Make more please
Jack: hating on the blue team and brags about how red is the better color


Also Jack: wearing a blue shirt
Did i just hear a pillar men reference
Cheerleaders make the attacks faster
there are still 3 more secret units Jack!
i think the ice giant will win
Hey Sean you're in Mortal Kombat 11 as a Kano Helmet the name for it is Jack's Epic Eye
Lmao he's turnin grey
The cheerleaders make units fast
8:47
9:04
Blue is gonna win again 2
The cheerleader or a whole cheer squad with
Mace spinner
Teacher
Ballista, Hwacha, Catapult
Artemis
Sensei
Giants
Jack  there r more secret units 😱😱😱😱😨
THAT RED PUNCH WAS BELLOW THE BELT!
Im going samurai giant
Sensei
13:51
Teacher: ok! School ended!
Students: yay
Teacher:wait there’s homework
Student:
icee boi will win
I want to see a unit with nothing but a 12 gauge shotgun 😆
17:10 me: i bet on memes
Ice Giant vs Mammoth plz
Jacka boi! Try cheerleaders with mace spinners. It'll be the funnest thing you've ever done on TABS
13:06 dont do it!!!   




He did it :(
There are three more secret units Jack
Jack =dead?
He does game of thrones references so often in TABS episodes
Robin: edits 10/10 rating
Jack THAT'S BAD
Jack what happened to “slap top in the morning ladies”?
Ice giant for the win
All fine and dandy like stevy candy 🤣
Tree boi
Nicevid do more pls and shout out :>
Ice again!!!
He underestimated the cheerleaders
who could hear the cracking? 13:06
I haved learned from this video that jack just loves to watch bodies fly😂
THERE ARE SECRET UNITS, JACK
I Vote ice giant
I KNEW THE ICE GIANT WOULD MAKE IT
Jack did you know that there are secret units in TABS?
I love you jack and all you have presented in YouTube and I wish best and great future in you
i placed bet on iceman and he WON!!!!
he missed like 3 secret units
There are 3 others jack
"I can hear him,  he calls to me he says, 
Im Gay"
16:03
Jack, I think your hair is greying.
hey jack you should try this indie game called a hat inn time, its an amazing platforming game on steam.
2:50 
i am a weeaboo sleeper cell, my activation criteria have been met and i shall now proceed with my mission. salutes in aot
Jack is not very good at judging units
Ice giant, coz it costs more
3 more units jack
Tree giant for third
The Ice giant
13:00 HE DAAAAAAAABBED!!!!

Edit: when he sent the shuriken ninjas to fight the ice giant they all literally dabbed and he didn't notice.....
He needs to find the bow in the Olympic map! He'll love the Artemis unit! Keep this high on the comments so he'll know there's more
icey boi
14:00 who noticed the small headed one
20:45 

Red ice giant is taking a selfie
Ice Giant vs multiple mammoths, that would be truly epic
The Ice and tree giants, were doing the Oh you're approaching me?
Tree giant vs mammoth
2:49 turn on closed captions haha
The Shogun is really tough, 1 Shogun can beat 5 mammoths
There are more units
ice giant is definitely  going to win


yay i was right
Love the attack on titan reference
Mace spinner + a lot of cheerleaders = tazmanian devils (it’s an actual feature and it makes a tornado)
Make this button blue if you like Jack
👇(i am subbing back :3)
them fuccin memessssss
Ice!!!
ice giant for round 1
ice giant for round 2
ice giant for round 3
ice giant for round 4
the ice giant wins
Jack
There was 12 Units
The 9 you found were the newest that were added
There were 3 more left that were a bit older
Mace Spinner, Arthimus(or somethin like that), and the Executioner
Can you continue clone drone in the danger zo;ne?
What happened to vacation simulator
12 secret units
The cheer leaders boost attack speed and the the teacher deflects enemy's attacks and is only good against 1-5 people but depends what unit they are.
Jack, the cheerleaders actually speed up the attack rate of units, so if you do something like place a giant crowd of cheerleaders near a Ballista, it will fire at a rapid rate.
at 18:03 that was an epic scene
I just started watching game of thrones nice for no spoiler warning 😔😔
Blue is gonna win
is this modded or vanilla?
jack you forgot the other three artemins the executioner and the one and only mace spinner there old ones but try a lot of cheerleaders and a mace spinner and something magical will happen
Samurai giant 100
My bet's on the Ice Giant! Edit: Yay!
yes!!!!!
13:10 the giant loved the tree😏
Jack cheerleaders give faster reload speed to units they basically make people sanic speed
I like the tree giant more, but i think the ice giant will win
19:56 An Ice Giant vs. a nice giant ^_^
Red yeti
Isnt there 12?
I vote for the ice giant for the first 2 rounds
3rd the sensei.
4th ice giant.
5th ice giant.
What about... 1 Ice Giant Vs 50 hwachas? ;3
You should make the ice giant fight a samurai giant and a tree giant
The lord of light has spoken
There are actually 12 secret units.
Hey cheerleaders make the fire rate better . The  teacher can defend any sword attack
4:00 attack on tabs
That's what I told the show kins you found it ok whatever
Ice giant
does anybody hear the halflings starting at 5:05 it sounds like a giant pillsburry doughboii orgy
Jack:reality can be whatever i want it to be


Sounds like a certain someone i know
$600000 on ice giant
SAMURAI!
I saw a video and he is like, it’s meme time I am like where tabs time bruhhhhh
one big heccin feccr
Jack's voice in the background in the beginning, is the demons in my head lmao ♡
17:00 reminded me of the shadow of the colossus days
Ice giant is gonna win
Cheer leader help its team
for round two 1000000 dollars for the ice giant
You missed three other secret units also the cheerleaders are very good when used with ranged units(try six cheerleaders and a balística)
6:58




E
there is 12 secret unit
Tree Giant!!,!🥦🥦🥦
H E C K I N  F E C K E R
How did I go from
“I HATE VIOLENCE “
to 
“I love physical violence “
ice all the way
You hate all the units
Did anyone know that the ice giants loved each other?
More taaabs it has been 6 days
You know he kept pausin g the recording so he could look up where they were😂
 "This tree looks odd"
ice bloody giant
NINJA BOIS
You are a kind man jack and you know that I know you endured all of the pain and regrets that you've done in the past but everyone is here.we,and me will support you in in the future decisions that you will make
If u put any kind of archers or anything that is range with a poop tone of cheerleaders they will be a machine gun
like a boss
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
4:41
Samurai: Oh? You're approaching me? Instead of running away, you're coming right to me?
I GOT A PEPSI AD! THIS IS FORBIDDEN
Do shogun vs ice giant
Can we talk about how Sean couldn't seem to care less about how everything costs less than the Ice Giant?
Doing 3 Sensei vs 1 Ice Giant is 9k vs 6k, and the Sensei won. Doing 1 sensei vs 1 ice giant is 3k vs 6k and the ice giant won. 
SO WHY NOT DO 2v1???
ice giant you missed two sercet units
if you do 30 cheerleaders and a mace spinner the mace spinner will become a tornado.
Samurai giant


Dammit
stop.spoiling.game.of.thrones
Did anyone else notice how little Jack’s WWZ reference made sense 

The zombies in WWZ didn’t eat humans and weren’t dead just spreading the virus and moving on.
2:55 the captions XD
The cheerleaders make units attack faster so if you put a ballista and a couple cheerleaders, the ballista will shoot faster

Ps: there are 3 other secret units you missed
I'm rather cuious how many hwachas it would take to take down the giants
The cheer leaders increase your speed health and attack speed
Actually there are 12 total secret units.
Da cheerleaders increase your strength
Ironically, *this* is the episode w/out Steve and Rodger :P
Nice AOT Opening
I got a Shingeki no Kyojin ad in the video 😂
U forgot 2 secret units
Ice giant
I win
Hey Jack...do 20 cheerleaders and  a balista vs 5 mamoths...and there are 3 more secret units...they are good to see
I see the legend has some white hair
jack please try Ravenfield again
Half wars: the last dab
Jack, theres secret units
Jack you missed the original 3 secret unites
3 more
it's ok Jack, i can't seem to know how to speak either lately
13:01 HE DABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBEEEEDDDD
But wait, there's more
Jack's mind: secrets secrets secrets
Jack: makes new show, perfectly cut screams to scream the insanity out 
JACK THERE ARE SECRET UNITS IN TABS!
I thought the youtuber card said you uber.
The masters are op
ice giant vs the mammoth ? idk i am just curious.
Also, I want to see Samurai Giant and Tree Giant vs. Ice Giant. Or maybe Tree Giant vs. Samurai Giant
LIKE SO JACK CAN DO THIS
ice giant best👍👍👍👍👍
Sean the mace spinner unit who is a secret unit can be made into the tornado unit by placing 20 cheeleader units around it
Icy boi
I say ice giant wins
Jack, jack the secret units jack, jack, the secret units, jack you.. you silly man, the secrets
Missed 3 units.
its supposed to be sasageyo
do some more paint the town red again plz
Isn't the end part attack on titan?
The real secret is...







IS THE BACKGROUND REAL OR FAKE!!
Shingeki no Shogun
there is 11 not 9
ICE GINT WELL WAN
child punching HO!!!!!
jack: I like red more than I like blue.

Yeah we can tell, you broke your blue lamp
Can you make a tree Giants and the samurai giant fight i’d really appreciate it I really love your work
the battle i was waiting for is ice giant vs tree giant and giant ninja
not tree ice cus hes bigger
3 more secret units. There are 9 in the dynasty update and 3 old but cool ones
"Totally Accurate Battle Simulator #9"
Wait, isn't this episode 10?


edit: nevermind, it's fixed now
20:40 ...Blistering Barnacles?
He is still the Great Gladiator!!
get the rest of the secret units
The ice giant vs ice giant is like the all Ireland mayo vs dublin
Ice giant didn't look ahead just logical
So, you need to put the cheerleader on some of the teams with like the mace spinner and so on because it makes them 1000 times more entertaining. Not to mention the fact that a cheerleader fueled hwacha (didn't spell that right) is one of the most powerful things in the game.
there are more secret units left
Why does the man bun bother me? I know it shouldn't, but it does.
Stories untold is coming! Do we all know what that means??

Someone is coming... Do you know who i mean??
At 16:54 

HE DABBEDDDDDDDDDD
12:23 wow that’s satisfactory. Speaking of which, jack... wink wink... nudge nudge...
JACK YOU FORGOT SOME HIDDEN UNITS
tree giant!!
Woah, I didn’t know that Sean was actually the female US veteran Connor Sample of Montgomery, Alabama!
Ice giant, cause he costs more
Use ballista with 10 cheerleaders vs 100 hobbits
Its 12 units jack
Ginats vs every one
teacher:bloks swords
chealeader increse the rate of fire and mskes a mace tornadow if used with mace spinner
HE BACKWARDS DABBED 16:56
Theres three more units
Samaria giant vs tree giant
ice gaint
Try cheerleaders with mace spinner (you’ll get a actual tornado 🌪)  and also cheerleader and sensei (you’ll get a literal mini gun) .

Ps. When you use the cheerleader use like 30 of them
so LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
it would be better if he changed the physics to super smooth in the settings,then they will wiggle when he puts them on the battlefield
god dammit
Cut ur beard u look insane
Take 20 cheerleaders and 1 mace spinner against 100 halflings
There are 3 more units to go.
3:50 feels like 100 duck sized horses fighting one giant horse sized duck
lmao ice giant
what about billy
Lol the title would make no sense to some random parent scrolling through youtube😂 who agrees!




As a youtuber I find them hilarious tho
Sean is great
Jack there are 3 more secret units
Definitely ice giant
Ice giant duh
ice giants gonna win
You should look up secret units
Shit your hairs going grey? Sorry haven't watched you in about a year and this is mind boggling, still lookin good fam
I think the tree giant will win
Unit: "All limbs so broken that they look like a pile of spaghett."
Jack: "hE d🅰️a🅰️a🅰️a🅰️aBeD!!"
Fake Background?
There are more secret units
Does Jack have gray hair or is tha just light😷
Blue ice giant
Jack says feck
Jack is Irish
Callmekevin intensifies
Ice giant!!
Ice giant
I expected an attack on titan reference
Jack, there are secret units!
7:02 praise our E Lord for he will forgive our sins.
Ice giant
Ice is bossssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
plz do happy wheels again
I place 40 on ice giant
Jack! The show gun teleports if there's a 1regular unit it's cool
JACK U MISSED 2 SECRET UNITS U DUMMY DUM DUM
Im guessing ice giant
tree giant
ar u dead? Play som mor
these intros are getting weirder every video
Ice giant wins
17:06 Eren(red) vs Reiner(blue) attack on titan
Ice Giant
You missed Artemis (Ancient 1 on Lighthouse, 2 Bows), Mace Spinner (Medival 2 on the big castle, Maces), and Executioner (Medival 1, Axe on a Tree Stump)
you is dum
Jack is lit
Ice giant again
This is how many people like red
⬇️
Jack, actually there are 12 secret units. You missed three.
Also, the cheerleaders are OVERPOWERED when mixed with some units. They boost the attack rate of the most expensive unit on their team and just two or three of them with a hwacha can make it reload so fast it never stops firing.
Ice  giant
omg use the cheerleader with some of the other units like the scarcrow guys and the giants
The 12 ones
9:26 AYAYAYAYYYYY
Looks like giants arn't extinct after all :D


take that game of thrones! (not a spoiler)
at 20:35 the red ice giant is looking directly at us O_O
am i the only one who wants to see a hundred ice giants fight???
Ice giant will win, mainly because it costs more
Ice giant for dayyys
he missed 3 units...


Executioner
Mace spinner
Artemis
Jack look up the secret units
jack, my mom likes your voice
The tiny men look like the titans.
Jumpscare at 7:57 vrey scary.
Some cheerleaders and 1 mace spinner is OP against half-lings
Missed units:
Artemis
Mace Spinner
Executioner
He didn't do his closing clap
Ninja
I laugh so hard
sean i think you have wacht aot to many times
The knights in this game have cross on thier armor and shields

DEUS VULT
tree giant vs half lings i immediately think of attack on titan
Ice giant betting 10000000 dollars edit you owe me some money
go ice giant!
The ice giant
Jack: IM NOT A REAL GAMER

Me: hello darkness my old friend
Ice giant
Yis
ice giant 4 the win
YES RED NUMBAAAA OOIOIIONNEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!
I think ice giant will win
Sean this is episode 10
Ice giant for sure
The female titan
Ice Giant
Hmmm... Ninja bois
Cheerleaders are awesome at buffing. Put some behind a Hwacha or Mace Spinner and see what happens, it's awesome.
I have a theory. Roger the archer is like Eren from AOT. He noms himself and turns into a red ice giant and beats ass.
7:06 What can I say except you’re welcome?
5:01 DIO
Ice giant round 2
Haters:but Jack you keep doing the same thing over and ov-
Jack:SHUT UP IT WORKS
👇 One like equals 1 less hater
8:39 IM A GNOME
Iceeee
The fackin ice gaint
*jack use alto of cheer leaders with balista!
Surround the hawucha with cheer leaders you will be amazed
Blue giant
Sinsi
Ice gaint
Ice gaint
17:23 Eren Vs The Armored Titan Attack On Titan Episode 51 (colorised)
Ice gaint
i liked the old jack the one that cussed a lot and didn't edit crappy stuff in
I. Team ice
You should check the secret units!
“Pillar of men” 

Aztec Dubstep starts playing
You missed 3
Hahahahahhahah
I thought the secret unit was Trump again
6:00 - First sighting of ancient "zombie" humanoids - Meiji Period - 1912 - Japan
sensei
Ice giant is da victor
It’s obviously big Icey boy
Ice giant
Petition to make Jack do hour long tab videos/Live streams
Ice giant
Ice giant
Red
7:57 jumpscare
Dude you forgot Artemis, who actually is Roger's mentor I believe
Jack there are 12 scret units not 9
Ice giant!
ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE
Wrong it's 12 secret units
Icey boy!
Icey boy!
Icey boy!





Ice giant Vs Ice giant

I bet on the one with ice in its name
Oh nooooo JACK! Use the cheerleaders to buff ranged units up.. Use like 8 cheerleaders on the Hwastic (Lots o arrow shooter cart) gives them a minor speed boost :) U gonna love the Cheerleaders
Jack theres secret units
Teacher v shogun
hah i won the bet with ice giant
jacksepticeye:I dont deserve this.
 
Me:Because its expired
FINALLYYYYY!!!!!
There are  3 more  secret  units
Its just not the same without the (top of the morning). Its a sad place here now.
Red punch the Blue in the balls
"T posing to asort dominance"
Jacksepticeye 2019
JACK THERE IS A SECRET UNIT
Ninja boys
I vote ice giant
the ice giant will for 1000 dollars
Jack:reality is whatever I want to be
Me:you got the reality stone or something?
its a crime to reference aot bc its straight up antisemitic propaganda
so ur cancelled now, binch
1k on ice giant
There are secrets JACK
Jesus Jack stop that amplified scream it doesn't male you any funnier it just blows my phone speakers
Ice giant is going to win
ice giant for sure
3 little ninja bois
It's Treesus Christ
atremis ,one of the units forgotten, can kill a frost giant if placed at a good enough distance
Jack is high 0:10
Nobdy noticed the aot reference.. as a fellow weeb, I am disappointed in you guys
the 9 units u found was the new units there is a total of 12 there is 3 old units that u didn't find im not spoiling
Look into da fire what does the lord of the fire tell ya
Fire:*E*
12 units,  my bad
As many others have said, you still have not found all of the secret units, there's three more that you're missing. One's that have been around for even longer actually.
Ice giants
What happened to the high five
You missed Artemis, the Executioner, and the Mace Spinner.
17:15 ice giant for sure, i mean look at him! no way he's losing to a giant hippie.
Fake background
secret units
Jack the  items you found are the units died on a war and you discover them after they died on the war they died and dropped their weapons
Roses are red
Ketchup is too
I got one like
But why is it blue?
I think the ice giant will win
Ice giant.
It’s the battle of the bastards
You forgot your gamer license..
20:00 That's Real background vs Fake background.. get it?
ice giant
Do you guys know what I miss?...jack doing a podcast about the boners
I wonder what happen if Cheerleader+Sensei=?
By the way Jack you are my favorite youtuber in the whole world so keep up the good work and go all the way
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Notification Squad WHERE YOU AT?!?!?
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ha! He didn't even asked.
So let me do the honor:
Fake background?
real background?

Probably knew already
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
I was so bored, thank you for uploading Jack!
I fell like that anime intro was from naruto ship pixel was I right?
ONE BIG HECKIN FECKER
9:04 sounded to close to Shao khan
Ice giant x3
Jack About the Cheerleader they speed the unit up if more Cheerleader the faster there are and also Mace spin Faster right? but if you put more Cheerleader he SUMMON a TORNADO Crazy right.
Three ninja boys
Ice giant 100
There ia more
I’ve giant 1k
Ballista + cheerleader = Railgun 
Mace spinner + cheerleader = tornado
Hwacha + cheerleader = nothing but absolute destruction

What I’m trying to say is that the cheerleaders are the best units in the game when paired together with someone else.
Ice Giant
Ice Giant
Ice Giant
There are secret units jack
Re create the battle of winterfell.  
Blue: 100 hobbits, 2 ice giants, 1 samurai, 20 swords men 
VS
Red: 50 knights, 10 vikings,  10 masters, 20 archers.
Did he just really sing attack on titan in german XDDDD (2:50)
ICE boy
Ice monster
treee gaint
Jack your missing the mace spinner , Executioner and Artemis
Samurai giant
"mommy is sean dieing""Mom: he sounds and looks like it" "mommy jack is changing and its scaring me" "Mom:he'll be okay its only a phase or is he actualy dieing""
I think ice giant will win
Attack   on titen
sean/jack: theres one last unit to go 


me: sean you missed many other units
five cents on the ice giant .
get one punch man in tabs jack
Who else is annoyed that he STILL missed some
Ice giant
Steve and Roger vs everything!
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Jack: there's 9 units
Fans:😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
3 views, 88 likes, 32 comments

youtube are you ok?
Ice giant
Jack you should do tree giant vs samurai giant. (Like if you want battle)
Ice giant wins XD
There are more secret units in tabs
jack the cheerleader's make unit's atack faster  btw you are missing  old secret unit's
Artemis is also op
13:08 when the halfling jumps up and hits the giant’s private
Where are my fellow notification squadders?
The tree
ICE GIANTD
Ice giant because he is bigger
Deja vu
Broke: Giant unit

Woke: What an absolute unit
Ice giant will reck tree giant
Its sad that he never legitametely used the cheerleaders. If he put 30 around a catapult he would of had the time of his life.
Tree giant
Australian
Jack out there are 3 MORE SECRET UNITS
ARTEMIS,MACE SPINNER and EXECUTIONER
Also please use the cherleaders on the mace spinner it will be amazing (I wonn't spoil)
nice beard
Cheerleaders + sensei =minigun
Notice me
Notice me
The Tree Giant looks like Jesus Christ

He uses a tree as a weapon

Adam and Eve ate apples from a tree and doomed humanity

Tree Giant is destroying the humans

God isn't in the game

Jack IS God controlling the game

The Tree Giant IS Jesus Christ

Which means...

Jesus Christ is getting vengeance for God by destroying the Humans with the greatest sin they've done to God

And also means

Jack will be added to the game as God
Notice me
Notice me
Ice giant will win
Ice gained
Ice giant will win
Ice giant and ice giant hugged each other 20:08
what about mammoet vs ice giant or tree giant vs giant samurai???
Attack on titan
SEAN/JACK A BOI YOU FORGOT THE EXECUTOR,ARTEMIS,AND MASE SPINNER
Icegiant will win
Tree
You don't swear now:l
Hey jack, the cheerleaders are far from useless. They can be used to make a fully automatic steve.
U should do an epic tournament with da secret creatures:
Shogun vs samurai giant
Sensi vs teacher
2 cheerleaders and one tree giant vs ice giant
Wheelbarrow dragon vs fan bearer(fan bearer does a little damage)
Ice gaint
The tree giant kinda looks like jack
Pls play more
I really wanna see teacher vs teacher
Ice Giant and you should check for a weapon under the map with the land bridge
Theeeee colossal ice cream
Try using cheerleaders with every unit
ice giant
i place me horse and me 5 children on the bet
snow boooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Robin: so how many game of thrones references are you going to make in this video?

Jack: YES
Tree giant
Did he just say feck it? Kevin copy strike this man
3 more
treeeee
There’s still some hidden weapons u can get in tabs
ice gaint
Ice giant wins
Told you
Ninjas
Sean/Jack: Gives me an amazing, very interesting and ridiculously funny TABS video to watch. 

Me: …… DAT BEARD!!!!!!!
…..
….
…
..
.
I'll leave now.
meh woo hoo
yes
Ice gient
Ice Giant
Hey jack....






Where did satisfactory go?
Just what happened.... we're all waiting...................
Ice Giant
12 units
Ice giant
Ice giant
JJAAAAAACCKKK!!!! Please can you make another drum cover videooo or just a drumming video in general pls?
Ice giant
Ice giant
Yes!!! 😁😃😃
Find mace spinner and combine it with cheerleader
Then it will be tornado
ICE GIANT FTW
BRO THERES 12 IM DONE WITH YOUTUBERS SAYING THERES 9 IM FED UP
ice giant
10:35
The way how the blade's tip shines off the sunlight at 4:43 just tops off the satisfying simulation. Great details.
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Jack: create deja vu memes

me: OMG I WANT to SEE MORe
ice gaint
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
The Shogun is surprisingly powerful.

It can win a 1v1 against both the Samurai Giant and the Tree Giant.
Ice giant
ICE GIANT
Ice giant
Ice gient
Hey do you know who's Roger's mom because I know it's Artemis
Make more
fuckingkillme
ice giant is bae
Sensei
I just imagine Jack going back to 2017 and just screaming “ HE DABBED! “ at everyone
Icy giants
I think the ice giant will win over tree giant
Ik where one is theres a axe on a tree stump and a bow and a   two mases in a tower in a map those are the old ones
How about you put three giant vs 6 sensei
Theres three more jack!
Artemis, Executioner and  the Mace Spinner
0:00
I think ice giant
20:36 looks like red is doing a selfie
Again ice giant
Tree Jesus
Did anyone else notice the knight with a tiny head?
Ice giaaaaaaaa tytt
HEY JACK THERE ARE HIDDEN UNITS
You didn't get Artemis the executioner or the have spinner
Samurai
Red
Ice giant
Ice giant
Jackkk please do an ice giant vs mammoth that would be entertaining
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Jack. More please. I saw the comments yesterday. I also love when Robin edits your vidoes in a funny way. Like the way u say this is the score and robin just puts 10/10 for everything
13:00
Ice Giant maybe
20:00 the giants will hug
I haven’t watched you for 3month, wtf happened to your hair and beard!
Jack singing attack on titan opening omllll I died xD :3
Is it just me or does the tree giant look like Moses
when jack put the tiny guys againt the one big guy i thought "what if the humans ate the titans so the titans had to hide and the humans had to go find them for food?" then i thought "what if everything was the same but the titans were human sized and the humans were titan sized?"
Ice giant is totally gonna win...
Tree
19:39
Jack, "Look at him, T-posing to assert dominance,"
5 seconds Later
HE DAAAAAAAAAABBBBBEEEEEDDDD!!!!!!
every squeeker in fortnite
ice giant
ice giant
ice giant
There are 3 more secret units!


Tree Giant Btw :)    Nooo!
Samurai Giant Btw :) Nooo!
Sensei Btw :)         Nooo!
Red Ice giant :)     Yesss!
ice giant
Jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack a boy
Money on the ice giant
Icey boy
Maybe ninja bois
Ninjas
Ice giant
Ice giant
You forgot about Artemis, the executioner and the mace spinner
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Artemis is the best unit. And you skipped it.. :(
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
30 cherrleaders and 1 mace spinner=tornado
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Yes Jack did another Video i 
Never was so early
My daily Dose of screaming irishmen
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
This is awesome but what happened to the days? "Speed Is Keyyyyy"???? You remember that? I miss those days😪 like if you miss 'em too
Ice giant
Ice giant
The attack on titan theme song
Ice giant
You missed another 3...
Also, cheerleaders increase the damage per second of a unit. They’re really good with ranged units aka Roger.
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Ice giant
Cheerleaders are for increasing the speed of a unit
Song typo
Guren no yumiya 2:52
Ice gint
Has Jack always used the words "fecking" and "feckers"? I'm used to CallMeKevin using them all the time but not Jack and not even sure if he actually used them or if I was just hearing things since I watched a CallMeKevin video just before this one. XD
The ice giant agian
And all short viewers unsubed
Do the challenges jack!
Ice gient
Jacksepticeye: I’m not a real gamer 

Me: Everything I know is a lie.
Ice giant
Ice giant
Stop it your hurting my ears 2:52
Do 20 cheerleaders and one Sensei against whatever, also samurai can deflect arrows
Wait a min jack actually watches Attack On Titan
Why is jack underestimating the shogun when its like top 10 best units in like meele fights
step right up, step right up, Place your bets who's gonna win?
one human mountain or 3 star throwing bois
NGL, because of this series I bought TABS.
Do not regret.
You miss one and Greece 2
Attack on titan but the skins are reversed
so many youtubers already found the secret menu
and your swearing again I told you not to swear the other video
jack there are 3 more of the secret units
Jack the teacher is actually very good, you can't expect everyone to do well if they're overrun
Am I crazy, or have we seen some of this, in a previous episode of TABS with Jack? Cos I seem to remember some of the "new" characters. The only really new to me, was the ice giant. And I haven't watched other "let's-players" play TABS, so please tell me Jack and the septic army, is this an edit?
Ice Giant
I'm not the first one here, but damn I never clicked so fast on a notification.

It's 12 am at my time tho lol
Jack you have 2 episode 9's XD
The tree giant is Jack if he keeps growing his beard 😂
Well I noticed that the description is um. About Roger in the video before the last(on tabs).
Ice giant
I've giant
Ice giants
theres actually 12 secrets units Jack...😅
You forgot the Executioner, Artimis and The Mace Spinner.
11:58 that tree giant has some big wood 😂
If you put Mace Spinners and Cheerleaders in the same team, The Mace Spinners turn into tornadoes.
Jack get the mace spinner and cheerleaders together thank me later 😂
King with a bunch load of priests VS all the first 3 secret units
you look smooth with that beard ;)
I found 15 GOT references
The Cheerleaders make units stronger and faster.
Do you know that there are TABS mods?
Tree giant gets rekked
Ice giant all the way!!!!
You missed 3 jack
need to get green hair again and no beard pls you look like my dad now and hes 47 years old XD
HE FORGOT HIS GAMER LICENSE!!!!!!!!! :(
Jack can you play Escape 4???
At first i thuot the tree giant was holding hes pepe :/ i need to clen my eyes
Ice giant
ice giant gon wiiiiin
Ice giant
Cheerleaders help the unit reload faster


When you find the mace spinner, use the cheerleaders with the mace spinner unit and then that will activate full beyblade mode.
whyd he spoil got :-:
I watched this at 2:33AM for you jack.
My ice boii for dayz
Ice Giant vs Samurai giant and Tree giant
12:23 Oh no ! What are you doing to all my love and affection? :(
What happened to Jack's beard
instead of tree giant is should be treesus
does anyone have captions on and when he starts singing the attack on titans theme, it says "my ears are bleeding" i legit died
There is 12
17:12 ice giants
A cheer leader boosts the fire rate of a ranged unit so 20cheerleaders+1hawacha=unstoppable arrow mini gun
Do hawacha and cheerleaders
One of the first 500 to watch dis vid thx jack and I promise you can find all of dem dare giants 
💕💕💕💕



Also who was the dislike 👿👿
Cheerleaders + sensei = MACHINE GUN!!!!!
If you see through the well in the dynasty there are two stars
Ice gaunt
5:15 World War Z

Edit: Thanks for proving my point Jack, lol.
love your videos
I am watching you from your BNG drive videos
KEEP IT UP. 
;)
12:56
Yep
Cheerleaders are useless
No use
No need to experiment with them
wheelbarrow vs wheelbarrow dragon
There's 12 not 9 XD
I was in the hospital suffering pneumonia for five days and while I was in there  the only thing that made me smile was me watching jack play and I couldn’t help smiling it was really hard on me considering it was my birthday but jack always made me happy
use 10 monkey king in the sandbox on one team against a lot of little people stuff happens
17:02  
JOTARO!
Hey Jack use the secret units
Jaaaaaaaaaaaack. I need my secret units.
Ice big guy
Do a mammoth with fireworks
Ice giant for the win
hey jack there are secret units ;)
There are more secret units...
you reds got lucky
Ice age monster vs 5 giant samurais
JOJO FANS PLEASE SEE 9:26
Ice giant will win
Godammit Robin, stop updating the greenscreen fakeground
Jack you missed 3 secret units Atemis,The Mace Spinner and Executioner.And pls do mace spinners + cheerleaders.
That intro is how we feel after most videos
Pewds: gets coke sponsorship 
Jack: What? I've been asking for months!
MatPat: What? I've been asking for years!
Jack: *pronounces Naruto incorrectly*

Weebs: REEEEE!
Sean : I know the true way to hold things! The Viking way!
Sean : *holds a war hammer the way he holds his cups*
5:45 
Sean in photo:*slaps white board*IM CRABBY! DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY?! BECAUSE I HAVE sensitive hands....
Coke is famous for pretending not to notice.  Just ask MatPat from Game Theory.
Imagine Jack still had green hair with his green screen
"What do you meme?" Is actually a card game. So no, that's copyrighted.
claps once during saying "Meme!" 
me: review?
Jack: 8:38, Boku no...
Me: nervous laughter
My name is Erin Grant.
Irish and Scottish.
My first name literally means Ireland. And my last name means Tall/large. 😂
The yelling screaming swearing Irish man is the EXACT reason why I subscribed
I lost is laughing my head off at:
 - what can I say, I'm irish.
8:50 - my favourite anime is Dr phill
Jack's warhammer wouldn't be Mjolnir, it'd be Mjol-beer.
Before sleep, meme. So Jack you just confirmed that you are a meme😂
Seán versus MatPat for the Coke Sponsorship.
FIGHT
Jack: I'm here to cure everyone's depression

World: Depression rate drops to 0%
Jack: Coke has to be ice cold, it can't be room temperature.
Me: Oh! So you want a crisp cold glass of ice cold Coca-Cola Zero sugar with the same great Coke taste now with zero sugar and a hint of added vanilla? Yeah, me too. That sound pretty good.


Pls like so Jack will see my joke. It's funny I promise.
Sub because when ever I go to Ireland I hear LLLLLLLAAAAAAAUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHH!
I think u mean " a MEME a day keeps the therapist away " >w<
sean-"im a viking. a Gaelic gladiator"
also sean-"i hold cups weird because they make my hands feel weird because of them being cold or hot"
Jack, stop making excuses and pay your lamp's hospital bills.
pimples Zero
Blackheads Zero
Jacktcepticeye getting sponcered one-hundred 
some reason they didn't sponser you.
P.s. your the best kinda rihmes
Wow the non-meme land is so pretty... but I still preffer meme hell
I'll buy Coke just for Jack if he gets sponsored
Jack: brags about being the son of a Viking
Me: Is literally Swedish making that my life according to the internet
Jack: Uses laugh attack
Me: uses Swedish 3 year old meme that’s still relevant
A meme a day keeps the sadness away

My new quote
8:50 "mY fAvOrItE aNiMe iS dR PhIl." 


I N T E R E S T I N G
Jack: I'm the evolved person
Me: You're a crab
Shoutout from a fellow Gaelic warrior
When you find out that Jacksepticeye loves Attack On Titan
^w^
GUYS JACK IS AN ELF!!!!!!! I knew it all this time
Sean Mc L A U G H lin...

I’ll see myself out now.
Jacksepticeye: my favorite anime is Dr. Phil
Me: falls out of chair from laughter :))
SAEAN! YOU SON OF A...Viking! xd!
By my calculatthhhhionthhh (xD) It was a real background because there was no glitches (not even the most tiny ones) that you could see plus you can see the reflection in the board! THE BOARD!
I went out to buy a copy of Subnautica and I saw Jack's quote on the back and I cried in the middle of GameStop.
Me: Jack you son of a-

Jack:Viking? I know

Me: Yeah let's go with that
Pewds: I want a coke sponsorship
Jack: What the heck I asked first
MatPat: What the heck I asked first
You should have called it EVERYBODY  MEME OUT! You know, like scream? Cuz ur loud? I’m hilarious
Jack:Whats wrong with you are you dead inside 
Me:Yes yes I am
All I heard was that Jack is also a fan of Baku no Hero Academia
What about 7 deadly sins??
tseries: gets sponsors by pepsi
 pewds 9-year-olds: starts drinking coke
jack:  am I a joke to yOU?
matpat: in the corner rocking himself between sobs
One Punch Man AND Mob Psycho 100?! You really do have great taste in anime!
9:05
Real background because the light on the boards gives it away ;)
Jack has watched Mob Psycho 100 - my soul is soothed, my life is complete
everyone just storm coke and force them to give jack a sponsorship.
No one:
Jacksepticeye: L A U G H
Jack: *Listing off anime
Me: SAY SONIC X ALREADY! PLEEEEAAAASSSSEEE?!
If I had the ability, I would give you the Coke sponsorship.
Name the series "Jack's Meme Time". Then make sure nobody thinks youre copying Kjellberg
Meme review, everyone’s favourite shoOw
I don't think Coke will sponsor you Jack because they are already getting free promotion from you.
When he said "that's why you all subscribed in the first place" I instantly checked to make sure I was subscribed XD
When he said "that's why you all subscribed in the first place" I instantly checked to make sure I was subscribed XD
7:14 
I think its a filipino meme
Any filipino supporter here?
Omg i really miss you .... i did haven't  time you watch you!
Arin from game grumps wanted a Wendy’s sponsorship. 


Jack wants Coca-Cola to sponsor him
Jack says "wake up everyday" MEME "go to sleep" MEME, i say, "go on Youtube" WATCH JACKSEPTICEYE
Sean: I'm son of vikings Its literally my name!
Me: I'm far decendant of Irish kings I can relate, kind of.?
My fellow heros can i get a
 PLUS ULTRA!
What do you meme is an actual card game that exists
in the US at least
Jack: Why doesn't coke sponsor me.

MatPat: First time?
Sips Diet coke
Jack: My favorite anime is Dr. Phil.

Me: Ahh, good choice. My personal favorite anime would have to be Shrek.
When Jack starts naming high quality anime but forgets to mention Jojo's Bizarre Adventures 

Me: Yara yara daze...
You know it's gonna be a good video when Jack starts off making random noises
Roses are red
And that's true
But Violets are purple
AND NOT FUCKIN BLUE
this needs to be called...……..MEME RUSH!!!!!!
Pewds: meme review
Jack: meme time
Pewds: everyone's favorite show
Jack: everyone's favorite time of the day
Jack: * mentions My Hero Academia *
Me: *Starts singing the opening theme for the fist season of My Hero Academia*
I call this meme "Watch that loud Irish weirdo relate to you, laugh and feel nice". :)
Jacksepticeye: CocaCola: zero sugar with the same great Coke taste!!

Pewds: ...

CocaCola:  "AyE CoNgRaTuLaTiOnS!!"

Jack:💀

One like = one respect for our crabby gaelic warrior. 
😪😪


edit: omg thanks for all the likes i've only ever gotten like, three.😃
Jack: “So I am here to keep everyone’s depression away” 
Me: “Wait how did you know!”
As a weeb normie animes are like naruto and attack on titan and sword art online
So you are a true weeb kind sir
Jack: Welcome to Laugh!

Us: Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Jack: Here on the Jacksepticeye variety channel we let you laugh. 
Me: But where is the fun in that
Jack: it means son of land and water!
Me: amphibian 
Jack:VIKING!!!
When he says good job Sean and your name is Sean and your like 
"Thank you"😁
Mr be Viking to Sean Ham** 
John the protector
Me: i'm depressed
Jacksepticeye: FLAMINGO SHORTS AND THE COMMUNITY
Me: But I'm already dead inside....
Yo shaun my moms family are boyles and they say they have roylty in ierlend
i didnt know i cam here for a history listen on ur name jack?
Seán looks like an elf the way his ears stick out from his cap
Edit: funny, he hearted my comment a second ago and now it’s gone..huh?
No one: 
Absolutely no soul in the universe:
Jack: I am SEAN THE SON OF A VIKING
His background is 5d
GIVE THIS MAN A COKE SPONSORSHIP DAMNIT HE'S EARNED IT
Jack you have commited the greatest sin,......



How dare you call pepsi coca cola!!!???!!!
Now I’ve got my daily dose of Jacksepticeye Memes!
Me: Warhammer's are amazing
Jack: Is this my version of mjolnir that I can smash people..
Me: ..anything but the face jack
Jack: face in?
Me: ...my beautiful face ; A;
How is Naruto not a top-tier quality anime?!?!
9:17
Jacksepticeye is Gloria Borger Confirmed
Jack:My hero Academia
Me: I KNEW HE WAS BAKUGO
Jack in 2018: "I don't like calling you guys 'fans', we are a community"
Jack in 2019: MY FANS
Yeah, you're right. I came for the strange screaming Irish man who somehow hasn't gotten complaints from neighbors
0:08 sounded like Patrick
off topic but DAMN this Son Of A Viking is sooo SEXY))
Jack, you're awesome) love how you look now
Jack- “LAUGH”
Me- “I’m sorry I’m so emotional😂”
”wHaT dO yOu MeMeEeE” is a meme itself
Jack: talking about how he is smart and protecting his hands
Me: laughing because i love his face on the art






Jack: are you dead inside
Me: yes
I need a green background (cant spell :'( so sad)
Robin, you're doing a frickin' amazing job. Mwah 👌
jack i have a question what do you meme?
Jack: MEME!
Me: REVIEW!
....Oh, wait, wrong channel
Nah, dude, MatPat has to get that coke sponsorship first...
Jack is slowly turning into Fred durst from limp biscuit 
Or any 90's white guy
Jack - I'm missing a warhammer
Me - finishes video and then instantly starts researching Smithing tutorials.
4:33 I'm pretty sure all Irish have a bit of Scandinavian because of vikings.
You have elf ears in this video. Like extreme ones haha.
Jack LETS GO GET DRUNK >-<
viewers: fix your lamp
jacksepticeye years ago: LAMPY!!!!!
Jack: pls sub


Me: already did buddy, 6 years ago. Don't worry about me :')
You should call this series the most energetic media entertainment hour
Honestly coke should sponsor jack because I didn't hear about zero sugar coke with the same great coke taste with a hint of vanilla until jack mentioned it and I've been thinking of buying it because he mentions it so much
My name is Tyra and it's Scandinavian it means little battler so i suppose im a Viking 🤣
"what can i say, I'm irish" 
jacksepticeye ~ 2019
Jack: I'm a true galiac gladiator 
SmArT A**: actually
0;49 its from: it's always sunny in philadelphia. 
if anyone cares
Pimples? Zero
Blackheads? Zero
Coka-cola? Zero



Hotel? Zero
Jack: you what me to fix my lamp it's beautiful.  Lamp:I love you
Jack: Are you dead inside?

Me: ...yeah

Jack: What does that say about your relationship with your dad?

Me: ;-;

Jack, the greatest unqualified therapist ever.
MAYBE CALL THIS

JACK'S MEME REVIEW




OR
teacher: there is 14:18 minutes of class left
me:
My mom doesn't know/watch English speaking YouTubers but she always recognizes Jack by his voice.
A meme a day ..
Keeps the sadness away😁
Nice advice 😂😂😂😂😂
"my favorite anime is dr. phil"
I’m unsubscribing because Jacksepticeye’s favorite anime is Dr Phil and not Cory in the House
* Is a fan of 'top tier high-quality animes' 
* Can't even pronounce the names correctly
Who new that Jack would be Luigi in another universe?
Jack and Coke is gonna be like Arin and Wendy's 🤣🤣
Jack: I’m the evolved person here 
Me: are you sure about that
Jack watch 
The Time I was Reincarnated as a Slime
It's amazing.
In fact ..... jacksepticeye does look like athlestan from "VIKINGS" 😶
Jack you need to watch Baki the grappler plz you will love the memes!
After hearing Sean talk about anime for five seconds i thought he was sponsored by Crunchyroll XD
MEME REVIEW 👏👏
this fake background/real background bit is a huge attest to how unbelievably good robin is. like, DAMN!
6:38 Sean: saying he has been "selling the sh1t out of Coca cola"

MatPat the game theorist (who's litterally obsesed with it and has been talking about how great coca cola is for YEARS):
"Am I a joke to you??"
You should call this show IDAYA

'I didn’t ask you anything'
Jack it's because you ARE selling coke out for free that you aren't going to get the sponsorship.
They won't pay you to do something your doing for free.
Congrats on 22M I’ve been watching you for 6 years and you always bring a smile to my face and you always make me...

LAUGH 😂❤️
parent: why do you scream and swear so much.
jack: FFFUUUUCCCKK!!
Today's fact: Like humans, plants recognize their siblings and give them preferential treatment.
jack:im just a zoo you guys love it

me: is this a petting zoo?? do they bite???
Hey jack I have a request for a game for you to play on PC
Real background saw Sean's reflection in board
Jack you should react to YouTube civil war remake
1:46 Jack/Sean: casually burns some of Mark’s and Felix’s most famous segments
Call this series “Make fun of Meme”
Me: so apparently jack and Luigi is the same
My sister: yeah they're both Italian

8:11 Also: why are your pants dark
At your grandma's funeral

MEME
I was watching your channel and my parents walked in and asked: who's that
Me: jacksepticye
Them: he has a very bog accent
Me: yeah because he's a bog boy.
Dad: oh yeah (talks about the things he's heard about jack)
Jack be chasing that coke sponsorship the way Arin chased Wendy's.
Ironically enough, this channel was actually part of the cure to my depression. XD
pimples? zero
blackheads? zero
jack with a coke sponsership? zero
hotel? trivago
To be honest I don't even remember why I subscribed cuz it was so long ago but im glad I did
everyone text and tweet Coca-Cola "have you heard about the jacksepticeye variety channel?"
SAM ARMY!! 
Can we see your Sam Army?
💚
I've been watching you for two years💙❤💙
I'm not much a soda drinker per se, but I REFUSE to try a single drop of ANY Coca Cola product until Jack gets the DAMN SPONSORSHIP HE DESERVES!!!!
Jack: if you did'nt chuckle what's wrong with you?
Me:ohhh!!! i know this one how about anxiety that you are going to die in about 40-50 years and i will not be able to watch your content.
Jack:......
me:......is My answer wrong?
"My favorite anime is Dr. Phil."
Jacksepticeye 2k19
Roses are red violets are blue hit this button and it will turn blue. 


👇🏻
You did NOT just diss naruto I thought I could trust you 😭😭
Call it depression destruction haha thatll be great, thanks for the LAUGHS love you Gaelic godman
I do the same thing with drinks
JACK! Once you stop talking about 
coke zero sugar, great coke taste but with zero sugar and with a hint of added vanilla,
then they will sponsor you
My hero academia, you say?

I just love my hero academia :)
Every time I read his last name I read it as McLaghing😂😂😂 It suits him Thoo!!
Coke: maybe we need to~

Jack: LAUGH.
I actually tried the zero sugar coke because of you, and it's FANTASTIC! Love the Meme Hour!
Jack just lowkey making me feel better about myself when he starts talking about how his lamp doesnt need to be fixed
It's like he edits his "laughs" in because it's always perfectly identical.
Jack: "I was just happy where I was." 
Fans: Well, bye!
"It's always a good time for memes!"That's an opinion I can agree with
nobody:

me: I forgot jack had elf ears
Jack is Luigi confirmed. lol
"What Do You Meme" is an actually card game.😂😂😂
How dare you disrespect Naruto my heart is shattered 😢😂
Sean: "What can go wrong with the human form" 
Me: Mmmmmmmmm doubts-
That gremlin in my head: So wrong it's right ayyyyyyyyyy
What if coke has already sponsored him in secret without letting anyone know so that he could turn the coke advertisement into a meme and not be called a "sellout" by haters....??
The plot thickens
Immediately had subtitles on, and I'm so glad I did.
I would like some spaghetti with Bolognese saucekay
Everyone: why does he yell so much 


Sean: I'm Irish
I was eating a banana while you said that is absolutely bananas 

I nearly choked

Thanks Jack
Overprotective Mother : Why do you yell and swear so much.
Jack : I'M F****** IRISH
This is the real Sean, he didn't the "TOP OF THE MORNING !"
8:26 - 8:35
I wonder how many people got triggered?
🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
take off the cap. you look better with it off
My depression I gone... Thx jack
2:52
"You're very loud, and you swear a lot."
"What can I say? I'm Irish, it's what we do."
Omg u know my hero academia!!!!! Shitttttt omg i love that show and todoroki is the best
I'm going tea Belfast
Procrastinating final papers -> MEME
Jack: Irish people swear, yell and scream all the time.
Aussies: Hold my milo.
Sean, I'm sorry...
MatPat needs the sponsorship more...
It's pronounced nar-oo-to Naruto is how it's spelled Naruto is supreme anime god
beard's looking fly
Jacksepticeye:have you been in Ireland

Me:I live in Ireland
R.I.P Jack's intro. Press "f" to pay respects🙏
Jack just EXPOSED me! LMAO😂😂😂
jack you said it wrong:

its not "a meme a day keeps the sadness away"
its "a meme a day keeps the razor away"


lol depression memes....


i hate myself
Finally a place where I can laugh in peace xD
~slaps jack for saying that Naruto is not quality~
pimples- zero
blackheads- zero
coco cola sponsership for jack septiceye- zero
Jack you just had a filipino meme
Coca-cola SPONSOR HIM ALREADY!!!
I'm ten and I love this.
Jack so evolved his power level is over 900000000
Wig? Snatched
Coke? Zero
Depression? Cured
Hotel? Trivago
OMG IM A FECKIN GENIUS - NEW FAN NAME - "The McLaughlins"
Sean in crab cups...
Sean in sasuke hands...
Sean in crab rave?
8:11 oh wow 😂😂 oof that's awesome meme right there. Ah that's hot. That's hot.
I was having really bad dysphoria and this helped a lot... thank you💛
Is anyone else getting flashbacks to when Arin kept trying to get Wendies to sponsor him.
Jack's meaning of his name is so funky.

Meanwhile in the same country: 
Me: Oh. So my name is Irish as well. Pure Spear. 
Ooh Sean! My last name Osburn, which has evolved over many pronunciations of Osbourne, Osborne, etc.. Comes from the Norwegian name Asbjorn, meaning Holy Bear or Devine bear. I'm literally your Paladin and we must join forces to allow the CocaCola factions to join your tribe! 

Any thoughts? :D
2:51

Parents: Stay away from me and my family
Jack is forgetting that some people have OCD and may get mad at the one broken and one that is fine
The name of this series should be “Curing Your Depression”
8:30 how weebs say it: naruto
How jack says it: nuh-rude-oh
9:05 Jack... we saw your reflection in the glare on the whiteboard
he should play for honor
Shame on you sir! You Are Perfect
What is that I smell? A new series?


nice
Real background because the white board wouldn't be shiny and I wouldn't be able to see your shadow move past it lol
On death row and your are asked you last request?
MEEEMEEE
Jack “son of Viking” nice to meet ya laddy. 
I am Adam “son of the warrior” war hammer comith my dude!
:people: nice joke jack your not really a Viking 
:jack: Spits knowledge about his name
:people:Ok we were totally joking jack ok.
Jack is as mad as MatPat for the Coke sponsorships 🤣 Just give Jack the Coke Zero and MatPat the Diet Coke sponsorships already 😂
I love forging, i can forge u something
uh my dads in jail thats rude can we get jack to notice this XDXD
You stole my line :( 

My line was " want do you meeemmmeee "
"I'M NOT A FUCKIN ZOO EXHIBIT!" -Jacksepticeye in "Inside" let's play. Lol
Sean: Are you dead inside? 
Me: I'm dead inside.
Sean: What does that say about your relationship with your dad?
Me: He's dead. WAIT-
The lamp had it comin.
I subbed for subnautica. Yet, here we are
Jacksepticeye: I don't watch nuruto
Me: un subscribes
Jacksepticeye's Meme Review clap clap SO ORIGINAL
9:05 Real or fake background?

Answer: Real.

Proof: Your reflection.
Delete your beard :3

Edit: nono just dye it green
BOI ! you better not call yourself Viking if your not danish
2:59my teachers do that. I responded the exact same way.
You could call it meme hour like happy hour but for memes
Swearing and overly loud Jack is the best Jack! <3 :D
I dont watch naruto cause Im a fan of top tier anime 😂
Stubbs toe

"SON OF A VIKING!"
jack:are you dead inside?
me:YES
Hey Sean what would you do if you got to 100 Mill subs?
im actually on my grandpas funeral
he watches mob psycho 100 too🤠🤠🤠
Slaps board




MEME!!
I'm from New Zealand
🖐 Top Of The Mornin To You Laddies! 🖐 

Like To Bring It Back!
👇
Wait until article13 arrives at his door😂
Coke sponsor the London Eye but not the Galician WarLord.
Is subbed when you were playing Kerble space program
I think Jack is slowly becoming emo...
I heard this joke before. So now I'll tell you MeMe is just a W (DBL U) If it was MeMe Me then it was all about you or triple u dipped. MeMe MeMe it's a reflection of u 3 turns. ( you and 3 mirrors) Hello friends goodbye walls time for me to walk down this empty hall.
"bOkUnOhEroMYACACADEMIA"
I feel like the Gaelic gladiator's 'war hammer' needs an exotic name. Suggestions people??
jack says: im here to cure ur depression
me: memes cause my depression
9:06 Clearly Real background. Your shadow is visible on the board. 

It's creepy if Robin has edited that in.
my last name McGillicuddy  means "son of the servant of Saint Chuda"  and was one of the hereditary chiefs of the name of Ireland.    WOW the more you know
You can just greenscreen your lamp back in ;)
Man, I really hope you love your new hairstyle...
Jack I saw the flamingo shorts in primark
MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU GAELIC GLADIATOR!
9:04 look at reflection on the whiteboard it's real then he changes it to fake right after






Sharpest eyes of the west
where are the memes about him looking like kamski
Rip lamp
Pewd: a scandinavian
Jack: son of the scandinavian

🤔🤔🤔
A WAR HAMMER? 
No,  this man needs a LAUGH-viathan axe
Rhe best irish man ever to live <3
Mob Psycho 100 for the win.
Me and Jack in a nutshell, (me: I suck..) (Jack: you there have a hug )
PATRICK IS THAT U?!
This has reached "Arin's thirst for a Wendy's sponsorship" levels of desperate. But Arin eventually got it so KEEP BEGGING JACK!
If you laugh at this Video you are a Toaster!! lol xd
Jack:hey....coke..... S P O N S E R 
coke:.....
(Felix takes single sip of coke)
Coke: S P O N S E R  T I M E
Sense my dad and I are Irish...
People make fun of my dad at work saying that he’s a leprechaun (because we’re short)





Lickmy charms!

(My dad got this shirt saying this)🤣🤣
6:15 when you need to remind Jack there are portable cup holders to protect your hands from hot or cold cups. 😂
Petition to change the name of the series to Meme Monday




Edit:I know it's Saturday
HIS HAND GOES BLURRY IF THE BACKROUND IS UP!!
Jack looks like a cute Irish elf ❤❤
Watch YouTube civil war remastered
but Pepsi already have a BIG STAR and the BIG STAR is Michael Jackson
When you finally get to 22M subs 😂😂
Edit: Mc LAUGH lin
My favorite anime is SAO(Sword Art Online), 7 Deadly Sins, Blue Exorcist, and Pokemon
You broke MattPat, soon, coke will cave................





Soooonn....
He forgot dragon ball
I myself am a yelling screaming swearing Irishman! well... northern...have fun in Europe jack! ill miss it!
What about MatPat? He's been pining after Coke for even longer!
Yes, i am dead inside. That is what wring with me. ^-^
People say he screams all the time but that’s just what it sounds like in Ireland constantly 😂😂
6:14 He’s so 3008, we’re so 2000 and late
To be fair i have been drinking more coke since i started watching jack again
You should call it meme review and also clap twice every time you say it




Pretty clever right?
you can see jack's reflection when the green scree is not placed
screew you greenscreen!!!n
My favorite anime is Dr Phil to!!!
Sean (pronounced Shawn)
Hey Coke!! Give THEE Gaelic Gladiator a deal!! 
Or ELSE😐😐
I'll stop drinking coke😤😤
Jack: it's not spelt like that
Me: cries in McLaughlin
0:00 you sounded like Patrick
I been watching you for four years and nothing gets old 😂
You don't watch Cory in the house?
Well I live in Wisconsin US and most of us are Vikings or Germans
Jack: "if Felix gets sponsored by Coke first"
What about MatPat XD
7:02 I'm not gonna lie i actually started drinking this becuz of jack
"Jackoboi's meme house" how about that
Sean Son Of LAUGH-ing
You need to watch terrorizer video about you it's funny and true!! Dahi de nogla in it too!! Two great Irish men!!!!
9:12 i know it was a real background because i saw your reflection in the whiteboard
3:10 faaaaaaaaaaakkkkk yea ma dudeee boiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii u are faking rigt my jacka boi boi
nobody:
Ed, Edd, and Eddy intro: 0:01
How about 👏MEME REVIEW 👏
you might be the son of a Viking but what about the half-breeds ot there that are twice ur awesomeness.
for an example
 Norway-Russia Both Viking and
PMA: Positive Mental Attitude
PMA: Properly Memed Adventures
His ears make him look like an elf, ngl🤣🤣🤣
We need to boycott Coca-Cola until Seán; Son of Vikings, the Gaelic Gladiator, gets sponsored by Coca-Cola.
Geez i havent watched a vid since the spyro series.
Grandparents funeral? 
MEME! 

He is here to cure out depression :)   


(Edit: Im learning more from this video in 5 minutes than 1 hour in history class as it feels)
Jack: coke sponsor me
(Gets sponsored by Pepsi)
slaps whiteboard "MEME!"
That ending tickled my laughing capabilities 😂😂
Jack my depression went away when you start talking
Pimples? Zero
Blackheads? Zero
Coca-Cola? Zero sugar
Sponsorship? .......
Hotel? Trivago
i can't remember weather i subscribed because you seem like a nice sweet honest genuine human or because you yell allot.
What do you Meme is the name of a game, Jack. :-P
My favorite anime is Jack..
Jack saying he likes watching BNHA made my day
Jack : "..sponsored by coca cola, zero sugar same great coke taste- I-I don't have any today.." 
My heart : cries vanilla tears
that moment when you realize jack holds cups like italian mafiosos hold guns
Jack love you and luck with that editing lol I love it
I love Jack even more now. He loves the same Anime's I love.
8:36 MY ANIMEEEES 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Hey Sean, if you want a warhammer
you should do a colab with Alec Steel, hes youtuber/blacksmiter.
he could make you a kickass real warhammer!
Off topic but can you play Escape Chasm? It was made by Temmie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When sean will live longer then most of the people. “I see this as an absolute win!”
I went to the year 3000 
Not much changed
But Sean holds his cups weird 😂
Dat zero is from philipines please notic me jack
Hm.... Guys, I think I found something-
He's Irish
His ears are pointed...
Is he a Leprechaun?
Jack-by the way, the cup thing is pretty smart, i always burn myself at Starbucks, thanks jack.
That is definitely why I subscribed!
has apeared one punch man season 3
and attack on titan s3 p 2
I bought a coca cola zero sugar same great coke taste because I thought you actually got sponsered
Now my parents think I'm depressed because you said you were here to cure our depression ☠️☠️
I'm glad you're sponsored by Coke but... Pepsi is better. Love you <3
On funniest home videos watch a video called Mr x
Yea and im gonna live 15 years longer than you😂
If your last name confirms that your a viking's son than I believe that makes me a fire elemental demi-god...
jack: slaps board LAUGH
one lovely Saturday
board: comes down, slaps jack drinking more irish WHOS LAUGHING NOW????? WHOS LAUGHING NOW IRISH BOI!!!!????
“My favourite anime is Doctor Phil”
hey jack you should watch jojo bazarid aventures
Never fix the lamp! I love it
jackspedicy be killing sauce-kay 'cause he gets zero coke spons
Jack: says 3000
Me: END GAME FLASH BACKS
am i color blind or is jacks eyes a bit green
Back ground is real because reflection
“A meme a day keeps the sadness away”
-Jacksepticeye 2019
first of all didnt laugh cuz yes im dead inside i dont even think i have a pulse second i dont have a dad im adopted....u cant make me more depressed than i already am sean...
u cant
Roses are Red,
I like Beans,
am I the only one that hides my depression,
with funny memes?
I like your older videos better because you swear more! :))))))
doctor phil is my favorite anime aswell
IS THAT A MOTHERFKNG JOJO REFERENCE !!!
Jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaackkkk  I've been with you since 'little inferno' you've matured well.
A meme a Day, keeps your possibilities of being a functioning citizen in society away.
Classic old anime’s (mob and one punch both have new episodes for season 2)
3:59 @alecsteele LETS DO THIS xD
When Jack does a pewtipie coseplay
I love how Sean laughs as he says, “That he is here to cure everyones depression.”
You can see the broken lamp on the real background
13:08 Jack: Did you laugh? 
Me: Nope
If you didn't what's wrong with you?
Me: I dunno.
Jack: Are you dead inside? 
Me: Probably
Jack: What's that say about your relationship with your father?
Me: MY DAD'S DEAD! AND YOU'RE A MONSTER!!!
8:39 WHAT?? I didn’t knew you liked Boku no Hero Academia 😱 that’s my life, I love it!
Nooo... my favourite YouTuber
Sean: “I’m just a zoo exhibit.”
Me: “You’re just a leprechaun..”

Edit: Thanks for the like Jack!! I love your videos! I’m such a huge fan!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Well, not so much the swearing, but the loudness and laughs make me feel good.
The reason jack won't dye his hair green again, is because then it would mess up his green screen
We freaking love the screaming
Jack: exists
White hairs: hi
He's right that's why I subscribed, keep on screaming Irishman...
"Meme review"
Bro that green screen confusing me AF
6:39 lol have you seen my boy game theory lol
Jack I’m calling you out for being a hilarious youtuber
jack or sean don't be sad... i also hold cups like that way... whenever it's hot or cold, but if it's warm i can hold it normally😊😊😊 oh and I DABBED!!!😂😂😂
This man didn't say death note....lemme go cry alone now
My deppresion wasn't cured looks like I have deppresion type 2
Every time I hear Jack say it would be shameful to sell out to Coke but then never get a sponsorship all I can think is "....matpat"
0:09 Sean has finally come out as an airplane. 🤣
If the background goes out of focus it means its not greenscreen hah jack u cant fool me 😎
Jacks meme time show is what this should be time
Same here, but Im 15 and 6'1 250lbs and can hit hard, i think i broke the keyboard.
A meme day keeps the sadness away but it will never help me find my dad
PLEASE DO A VIDEO WITH PEWDS BACKGROUND
..PLZZZZ U WILL GET THAT COKE SPONSORSHIP...I BEGGING YOUUU!!!!
My favourite anime is shreck
Call it 👏👏 meme review
the editing of this video was on point
you should watch jojo bizarre adventure, jack
Jack: says he’s missing a war hammer
Every fan ever: starts making him one
😂♥️♥️
Its reall






Maybe
This is funny, because Jack perfect sponsor Coke without actual coke sponsorship xD
Sean's ears are getting larger and larger 😂❤️
I AM IRISH LIKE SERIOUSLY!!!!!!!
9:00 Fake Background? Real Background? Which one is it?
sees head shadow moving on the whiteboard corner
Not so sneaky are ya? xD
she said dr phil not you 






it gets weird sometimes and she sais close your eyes
I'm sorry to say Jack but your loudest person I've ever seen in my life
How dare you not add jojo to your top tier anime my brother...
That blindside at 9:42 had me SHOOK 😲
A meme a day keeps the depression away
-jacksepticeye 2019
The meme with zero it's actually a commercial from the Philippines
but... what about BONUS MEME?!
👏LAUGH! 👏 REVIEW!
Please trim ur beard a little pwease? ,:3
U are the GAELIC GLADIATOR

We are the McLAUGHlins
Jacksepticeye's Cure for Depression 😂
We all know that was the worlds best intro EVER
Naruto!!!!!
Sasker!!!
wait a minute
If jack stops yelling and swearing then something is wrong
Wake up in the morning...
MEME
Going to bed...
MEME
At your grandparent's funeral...
MEME!
Jack i watch l of those animes
Me: Saw Cowbelly
Also me: reeeeeeeeeeee
This in fact, did cure my depression.
video: lags slightly
JSE: Drink coke
jack: im really missing a war hammer in my house
on the next episode of jacks fhv: (war hammer smashes board to pieces)
Sean William Mc LAUGH lin
My l ast name means son of (McCollum BTW)
Oh my god he watches my hero but jack do you watch aot SASAGEYO!!!!!
You should be sponsered by RC Cola...
I think you should name this Meme review, it’s a totally original idea and it totally fits this.

P.s I think the background at 9:18 suits it too.
Nope, not LAUGH, not BINGO, but MEME!
Is pokemon classy
Hey Jack....just for this once....can you Clap twice and say Meme Review???
“I am here to cure everyone’s depression” 

Breaking news: depression rate dropped to 0
Doctor Phill the best anime
You should call the main thing memes forever
My family's average life span is 94 so.....
•drinks my room temperature coke• o-oh
Sean's last name literally has Laugh in it  " Mclaughlin "  my mind is blown.
I subscribed for the accent.
Jack there is a game called "what do you meme" it's a board game
Self-deprecating declamation is what i will now call these
HO HO HOLY Shit jack watches MHA I am dead
You call yourself a "son of a viking" but you aren't even swedish! Jävla irländare!! Skojar bara, I love your content
Jack should get subscribed by mtdew
In the apocalypse Jack's weapon of choice would be a spud gun
that zero meme origin was a filipino comercial lol
Today we will talk about how We ExSpoEd jaCk SEpTciEye 


Edit: thanks for the likes it’s the most I ever got
Jack I'm going to go around school and tell people to Laugh!
i 1 up that as McDonald, son of donald ''World ruler''
The best part is that actually IS the reason why I subscribed is because you shout scream and swear 😂
I should honestly try holding my cup like that good thinking
My name is Conner the android sent by 28 STAB WOUNDS
It's actually not hard to tell... You just look for the reflection on the board...
*untimely triggered by him saying the anime names*
Just call it not copy right meme review
The way he started the video is gold
Jack please play kindergarten 2

Like so he can see
Jack: I'm here to cure all of your guys's depression!
Youtube comment section: And we're here to make more of it for you!
Is it just me or does he hold cups like levi Ackerman
You need a hammer,shield,sword,axe bow and arows
Your are not being sponsered by them because you are already doing it for them. why would they pay an adveriser if you are doing it for free.. 😁
Sorry Jack but Matpat has you beat for years on the Coca-Cola sponsorship but I don't think he cares anymore
I'm the life form of INSANITY
i l0ve watching you alsohope you get sponsered by coca cola
WE COULD SEE YOUR REFLECTION
Jack I'm Irish too we Irish boiiiis
13:10 
Are you dead inside?  
...yes
What does that say about you relationship with your dad? 
...um...what...
Always knew Jacksepticeye was planned to be a DLC Hero in For Honor for the Vikings,
one punch man= Oscar winning show
3:17 you got me ok, you don’t have to be so mean 😫
Can’t you tell if there’s a green screen or not if you have a shadow on the board? 🤔👌
A meme a day keeps the sadness away 
- jacksepticeye
bloody leg
my favorite anime is doctor phil
MOB PSYCHO 100 FOR THE WIN!!
40% of your viewers are not subscribed but 70% of mine are not
3:55 You just made a biiiiig mistake bud. Fan-made 10-kilogram warhammers incoming!
Jack, just to show what can go wrong with the human - Irishness <3
2:43 “I’m always watching” on the right
7:15

Filipino Memes be like...
Love a good GTA sa meme
The starting of the video is the sound the new Bugatti makes
Heh... My dads name is Sean too!! (My real dad not jack)
It was real you dork (reflections). Second time I knew was fake cause it wigged the hell out lol
WHY CAN'T I LAUGH
There using philippine advetisment i live at the philippines
If Jack keeps promoting Coca Cola, they won't need to sponsor him.
Ohhhh thats why you have a viking beard





Im trying not to be rude just saying
No this series should be called meme review
Wow I love me some jackaboy!
Bro it's just my hero academia alright!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😕
When jacksepticeye says he can't get a Coke sponsorship:

Matpat: Am I a joke to you?
If you laugh you dab
Love the video sean
"I'm irish. Its what we do."
Actually Vikings are Nordic and had major cultural influences over places like Ancient Ireland and Scotland after taking control of those parts of the world. So technically speaking, the "son of a viking!" meme is historically accurate, just not in relation to Irish pride but more in correlation with Ancient Norse influences.
I have
1 Thing
2 Say
3 Words
4 You...
jack looks like a guy from dude perfect
Yay he’s cussing again 🤗
7:16 😂 may mga pinoy ba dito haha Hello!!
Anyone else notice that his lamps keep switching sides?
walk around like a crab and say "I SMELL PENNY'S"
Meh name is Ireland, and people tease me about it😠
Bruh... we subbed for the screaming Irish man. But we stayed because you are genuinely a good person who deserves to be lifted up. You have a good soul and in today's time, that is really hard to come by.
Jacks  right that's why I subscribe
My favorite anime is finding nemo
But you're very loud,and you swear a lot


Well I'm Irish
And I'm the one who has cold-resistant hands
I must be living in the year 4000, because I'll drink coke at room temperature. It makes no real difference.
Jack your lamp is suffering.... Take it out back and shoot it.
So... If you are a crab, you're Bryan Dechart's son?
Are you sure that your not my dad 






I asked my mom she said i wish
It's real background this time
I'm Scandinavian
I know some one out there will send him a war hammer at some point
2:06 but wouldnt ending world poverty also solve world hunger because everyone can buy food?
Were your ears always this big?
A meme a day keeps the sadness away not for me anymore :;) especially cause I don't want you dead and you lookup your lifespan I don't want you dead 😭😭
Meme 👏 review 👏
Oh no, he called attack on titan a top class anime.....oh no
Anyone else still  waiting for another drum cover?? No.. just me .. ok
Mob Psycho is 👏👏👏
4:02 Lerning With JackSepticEye
7:25 thats a Filipino ad😂
Don't choke sasuke
" BOKU NO Hero MY Academia"
-Jacksepticeye May 2019
I WAS RIGHT, IT WAS BOOoOOOOOooOOTH. HA I WiN
Your coke talk acutely gets me to get on
Three- way rivalry you pewds and matpat for coke sponsorship
I'm going to Ireland next year.
Let's give it for Robin, the best editor ever!
no Hellsing ultimate or Black Butler?.........not even Deathnote?!  im sad now.
Sean Mc Laugh lin.
I don't think you know what Viking actually means Jack.
13:04 calling shoto todoroki out be like
Jack: I'm here to cure everyone's depression
My mind: thinks of Chase 
Me : CURE HIS
😂😂
You’re like present mic bc his quirk is screaming
Don’t attack me like that for my relationship with my father :(
Jack septa guy what happened to you
I'm dead inside but I laughed.
Mechanic: What sound does your car do?
Me: 0:01
An Irish mans' home is not complete until he has a War hammer.
(smack) LAUGH
00:01 - 00:10 10/10 impression of a whale
And Jenna Marbles is basically on his level with 19m subs
My favourite anime is doctor Phil  -Jacksepticeye 2019
I’m here to cure everyone depression 
My new quote
A meme a day
Gives you PMA
Hey jack! When are ypu gonna dye your hair green again? :3
I was feeling sorta down and depressed earlier... this actually made my night lot better.. x
What about matpat he lives from Diet Coke he should get sponsored
Mat pat feels for you he has tried a sponsor  from Coca-Cola  for a very long time hasn't gotten one.
Jack plz shave your beard we all think you should thanks xx ly
To meme or not to meme
Jack: Doesn't curse for fackin ever

Fans: .........

Jack:  

Fans: HOLY  HE'S BACK PEOPEL WOOOOO 
Roses are red, Jack holds his cups, crabs arousin,

by the way, I love you 3000.
Sean, persistence pays off. Arin had to beg Wendy's for YEARS to get invited to the test kitchen. Hang in there 😂
Don't ever shave that glorious beard
what about the average life expectancy for his family being 37 in 1940 can we talk about that
The subtitles are the best though!
Jack never mentioned the most original, and Gaelic anime.
Antisepticeye
Nobody:


No one ever:





No one in the universe:




Jack: 
I'm part viking too! If it's misspelled blaim google, it wouldn't spell for me correctly.
I'm a Capricorn not know betta haha
I legit used to have a teacher named Mrs Laughlin
slams hand on whiteboard
MEME!

And saying Naruto's not top tier. Shame.
Jack be so cute
Boycott coke until Sean gets a sponsorship
Hey, the lamp isn't broken, the lamp shade is!
:clap: meme :clap: review
My surname is irish and  apparently means 'fierce warrior' but also 'anxious one' 
Accurate
You should play days gone
for a second at the intro i tought pigeons were shiting
RRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE3EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Proposal for the series name: Teamwork Makes the Meme Work. It's stupid and punny and includes the fact that the community spawned these memes
4:07 ahah most people that aren’t from Ireland have no clue what it means
Jack tellin’ it like it is
“I’m here to cure everybody’s depression”
👏Meme 👏 review
What happened to vacation simulator
My last name is Mclaughlin
How’s the dragon mate?
auction that broken lamp off
Oh no. Coke has become to him as wendys is to Arin.
Sean: if you didn't laugh, what's wrong with you? Are you dead inside?
Me: Yes
Sean: What does that say about your relationship with your dad?
Me: A LOT
reminded me of last man on earth when phil gets super pissed  cuz phil 
knocked over  his  lamp lmao!
if youll give me an axe then ill finish it fast
6:30 MatPat laugh angrily in back
ohh that intro ... BRBLRBRBRLBRLRBRLBLRBRLRBRLRBRBRLRBRLLBB
I can't wait into I dead
his hat makes his ears stick out XD u da best
Meaaaaaaam review
He said every anime i like
Nobody : 

Jacksepticeye at 3 am :  0:00
We should have an original name for this...something no ones ever done...maybe meme review? You should also try clapping?
if the camera focuses on it when he moves away its real!!
Who was with Jack when he had 1 million
Shrek is my fav anime
Well the way shawn holds bottles IS the recommended way to throw a molotov...
When he first asked real or fake you could tell because there was a reflection on the board
Jacksepticeye "Spud Spartan!"
Jesus, the first time I've watched jack in awhile, wtf happened
I'm Irish and viking too! :D
I cant decide which would be worse 

If there's no ego content or if there is

 Robin I stg
Actually matpat was first with the coke and then you took over and now apparently felix
Now I want a Coke
That intro tho
I actually drink soda room temperature jack and I’m cringing cuz you pronounced Naruto wrong it Nar-u-toe  Na-ru-doe
Wait, if you end world poverty don't you end world hunger?  🤔
Yay I’ve been cured of my depression
You should call this, jacks real meme hours
Dam boy u shout boy
I don’t know why no one is talking about HOW JACK WATCHES ANIME LIKE BNHA AND MOB PYCHO
The start is legit me and hen I’m contemplating whether I should actually be a human
laughing but also cuz ur hot lol ;D
Mastering the memes!
the lamp doesn't look a day after you bought it.
Pimples? Zero
Blackheads? Zero
Hotel? Trivago
Does anyone else think his ears look low key elfish with the hat😂
3:13 DONT KINK SHAME
ME
I'm Irish too
How to stop World Hunger! Stop being Hungry! Now LAUGH!
Jack: Meme time
Me: oh hell yea
Jack: What do you meme
Me: Wut Jack?
Jack: Laughs*
me: 
My Hero Academia is my favorite anime
👏Meme 👏Review👏
Jack’s meme team
I just became suicidal after my boyfriend dumped me for his other friend
Lamp is special and was assulted during a gorn video...plz donate to help him get better
Sean I love u so much
he says he will live before us watch him die at 30
yes, Sean. This video did make me smile. Not quite L A U G H, but it made me chuckle. Thanks :)
👏👏MEME👏👏TIME👏👏
Seán: SON OF A BI-
Me: oh nu nu. Its...




(  )
Fake or real backgroud? U never know with jack. It can be anything. xdddd
Brake your other lamp
13:09 You're not supposed to call me out but thanks
Felix: mEmE ReViEw
Jack: M E M E T I M E
sean’s reason for anything im a viking
Now jack can say I'm Crabby while holding a cup
Jack, if you don't want to get your hands cold, invest in mittens!
memes are the modern day political cartoon
Jack: I’m a man of taste and class
All of his fans: (SLAM!) LAUGH
My name is Nelson John Millwood Hughes, So Millwood is Anglo Saxon & Hughes is the Irish and Scottish anglicisation of Gaelic Mac Aodha or something I don’t know
Why is it every time he mentions Coke Zero same great Coke taste zero sugar I get thirsty for dr. Pepper
I don't get the board thing?!?
Jack you should check out dororo, it's an anime and its extremely good
Jack: L A U G H
Also jack: M E M E
Other people:  ALRIGHT CHANGE IT TO MEME NOW PEOPLE
Im still deepest😀🔫
Sean you have inspired me to go and pick coca cola for my sisters birthday if you don't get a sponsorship in 5 videos I'm switching to pepsi
3:56 Gil Ramirez where are you?
Subtitles: ON
I have an amazing name for this.


WHOSE MEME IS IT ANYWAY?
I love you
2:39 OOF, ROBIN!
Sean mcLAUGHlin
“What Do You Meme?” should be on Cringe Tuesdays
Jack's Meme and Scream Review (Part 1)
I mean what Ireland's tradition is o can understand why you're loud and I love it 😃
13:12 how did you gnow.
Watching Jacksepticeye videos? M E M E !
Jack I will make you one
DOES ANYONE EVEN THINK ABOUT MATPAT? He wants to be sponsored by coca cola zero sugar great whatever too!
My name means the arrival of the tiger
jack lies to us. twas real backround the whole time
YAY JACKS BACK
Wow thx my grandmother is 84
Other Lamp: am i a joke to you?
well my name is Alarik and in Scotland it means i'm a viking as well.... were the same Jack!
When Jack made the noises at the beginning of the video, my dog started watching the TV and tilting her head lmao
This is Chase Brody. Fight me.
But I also hold cups like that-
Press F to pay respects for all those mistreated lamps out there.
funny enough a pepsi max vanilla ad during this video
I don't come here for the yelling, I come here for  your personality AAAANNDD the yelling!
The begining of the video represents my IQ after watching a jacksepticeye video
a warhammer has a pointy bit i think jack.
Jack: you know you subbed only to hear the screaming and swearing.

Me: I feel attacked
Hey, Sean in Irish actually mean's God's Gracious Gift. Literally Jack is God's gracious gift to us, the subscribers.
Anyone else really miss the intro and outro in this one
'Boku No Hero My Academia' means 'My Hero My Academia'
Nah B, you're the son of an overgrown potato farm.
Jack: swearing is a problem when i stop doing that.
Me:And you've only realized it now!
Meme review!!!
I freaked out when he said Boku No Hero academia
Jack you are the best!
Coke is a tease about sponsorships. It's why matpat jumped ship because they have teased him a few times with sponsorship
Thank youuuu finally my depression has finally gone to another universe
I was born in Valhalla
Everyone notice how Jack is slowly turning into his Chase persona?
Bnha noice man 👌
A lamp can be broken and still be beautiful just like humans, many may be broken but they are still beautiful
I think Chase, Anti and Jack morphed into one
How he pronounced naruto lol
Except you did that to the lamp in the first place. Poor lamp.
I SUPPORT YOU JACKA BOI I THINK THAT COKE ZERO SUGAR WITH THE SAME GREAT TASTE WITH A HINT OF VANILLA  SHOULD SPONSOR YOU FOR SURE DUDE
10:29 - 10:38






Thank me later 😂
Jack i can hook you up with a War hammer but i need it a place to send it
One like = one prayer for lamp r.i.p
jack is like matpat and diet coke with his Coca-Cola zero sugar with the same great taste but with zero sugar and a hint of added vanilla
3:34 Jack, if you're Irish, it's not Gaelic, it's gaeilge. Gaelic is Scottish. I'm sorry, it was just killing me. You're still the best! ✨
Parents: you’re very loud 
Jack: what can I say except, IM IRISH
Jacksepticeye- the only person who can preach equality whilst making a joke that covers up his broken lamp
It cured mine :p i didnt laugh cause i am dead inside but i smiled
Wow Sean way to trigger people who are on bad terms with their fathers
I wish I wasn't broke af so I could join the channel
Huh..? It didn’t hit a million view yet
Yasss
Jack just send me a picture of what you want and I will make it
L A U G H
Y is ur ears look like link from zelda
Hey, don't say that. I do not have a dad
Did you know: All Star by Smash Mouth came out today 20 YEARS AGO! You can now today listen to it unironically! go! go! before it's too late! :D
Philippine ads in 7:16
Jack: "I hope they made you laugh, I hope they made you smile if they didn't what's wrong with you. Are you dead inside? What does that say about your relationship with your dad?"
me: "Oh jack...jack jack jack.... why yes I am dead inside, as for the second.... oh you don't want to open that can of worms."
I can't forge a hammer but I can forge a signature
I like this "new" Sean!
Time for another jacksepticeye vid to brighten up my day
it looks as good as new
At 7:34 if you have captions on it says Anti shows up
HOW HAVE UR MARKERS NOT RAN OUT YET
9:31 u shoke it
Jack : my favorite anime is dr. phil
Cory in the house: Am i a joke to you
I am making a war hammer for you it may be awhile
You're here to cure everyone's depression? Good luck, you'll need it.
SPONSOR HIM COKE
5:19 that voice crack
Jack: "I am Son of a Viking!"
Saint Patrick & 830 Ireland: "Are we a joke to you?"

Idk
The loud, cursing Irishman. One of the best YouTubers out there summed up in 4 words.
Jack's Meme Shack
3:18 ¨im just a zoo exhibit, for what can go wrong with  the human form¨ ..... like your beard.
I'm a descendant of Erik the Red who was the father of Leif Erikkson. I am the daughter of a viking :D
M c  *L A U G H*  l i n
its okay, Coca-cola funded a death squad to take out 10 union leaders in Columbia anyway, they don't deserve your advertising :(
My nan is 95 soooooo...
I would love to see a d&d series with you and your YouTube buddies.
9:05 “Is it a fake or real background?” *walks away, showing shadow in glare on board, confirming real background “None of you know”
Poor Robin, I'm saying that even though he enjoys editing Sean's videos but as in he has to keep changing the background to random stuff.
My average family life spand is 96
My mom is sitting here listening and judging. When he mentioned he was Irish she was like "Ok, now I get it."
0:08 Patrick is that you
Jack: My favorite anime is DR.Phil 
Me: laughs until cannot breath anymore
u have 1m more then ninja
and do u remember huniepop hahaha
It's a real background with a fake background in front of it!
He looked so Young without a beard
Btw matt pat was the first to ask for a coke sponsorship
i was eating and i heard jack say "mclaughlin" i almost choked to death XD
75 in 2004, which was probably about average. It's like 87 now I think.
How can you not like Naruto smh
Sean McLAUGHlan
Jack: Coke!


*Drinks Pepsi* cool..
I have depression that can be cured by art
im sad u dont hacve green hair anymore  ialso have green hair and the same haircut style but mines longer :) . <3
Sean I want to send you a hammer but it won’t be metal but you neeeeedd a P.O. Box for it
If you want to get a hold of me I am on Instagram
GUYS ITS CONFIRMED! JACK TO HOST MEME REVIEW
MEMESEPTICEYE
Lamp lives mater! LAMPS HAVE RIGHTS!
What do you mean you can’t drink Coke room temperature 6:03
Meme minute
I’m still waiting for Hitman 2 to come back
OK JACK U LIKE AOT HOW DO YOU LIKE THE NEWEST EPISODES?? SOMEONE ABOUT TO GET 👏👏👏 CLAPPED
3:57 it’s the jackneir
HOST MEME REVIEW
Jack I didn't smile or laugh at the memez but I smiled and laughed at you. (Not in a hurtful way I swear) I love your content and I smile every time. Thanks Jack for being a great PMA YouTuber. Stay positive!
My relationship with my dad is..........
My dad works at a coke factory I’ll ask him and beg
Coca-Cola needs to sponsor Jack now! If they don't the world will explode
when are u gonna put up another funniest home video
“A meme a day keeps the sadness away” words to live by
thank you!!!!!!!!!! There are these kids at my school, and they are always saying that Naruto is god and stuff like that, and I yell at them saying "MY HERO ACADEMIA IS GOD". then they run off doing their stupid Naruto run.



who is your fav character?
Anime
you cured my depression
Oh yay a meme review by piewdiepi   :)
‘Im here to cure depression’
-man sitting in chair looking at how marvin kills him in a meme
Wait so your Sean jr
FIX YOUR LAAAAAMP
I SUBSCRIBED
Play with h20 delereus  again please
Everyone go to Coca Cola's twitter and spam them! Sean needs a sponsor!
Dbz is the best
I am deadline
What the hell you say about Naruto
Jack won’t sponsor you cause you do it for free jack/: they’re not going to pay you to do it if you’re doing it already
Are you lamp-ist ??? 😂 

Don't worry jack your lamp is BEAUTIFUL
Jack's eyes.
Coke has no reason to sponsor you, you promote them for free 😂😂😂
Why are you so meme
But it did happen 11:03
MY HERO ACEDAMIA 😍😍  or /boku no hero acedamia/
meme means that's what we should call it
Meme stream
Moral of this video: LAUGH! Oh yeah, and Irish people are loud and swear (I'm part Irish and this is so true)
Cowboy pirate:yeeharr
Jack: I’m here to cure everybody’s depression!

Jack, your existence makes life bearable, please never change. You beautiful Irish angel
can someone please tell me the name of the music he uses in the background of his videos
imagine this is the first jacksepticeye video u ever saw
Narudo🤦‍♂️
Jack= curses like the Irish man he is
Americans trying that= "you tryin to be black" facepalm
Coke: Why should we sponsor jacksepticeye? He already promotes our products for free.
Oh gosh, Jack you’ve already cured my deppresion.
I had a dream about going to your house a long while ago with a friend XD
Jack certain things make my hands feel weird, itl make them feel hot/cold
 So does hokding things grom the bottem make it nit cold/hot now, wowzers technology
Please play Persona 5
When Jack moves around, his shadow moves on the board if theres no green screen up :)
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE GIVE THIS MAN A WAR HAMMER
ive beat the system the glare on the board tells if its real or fake because it shows his shadow when he stands up uin this case here is proof it was real this time: 9:05 see the shadow in the glare?
Jack, you forgot the reflection in your white board. You can't hide your green screen from us
What's wrong with you?
Are you dead inside?
What does that say about your relationship with your dad?

  


 

 

Those few fans: 
HOLY SHIT MY DEPRESSION IS GONE!!! THANK U SO MUCH ILY
yeet, does anyone recognize my profile pic
The zero one is for fillipines
LAMP LIVES MATTER TOO🏮🏮🏮
Low key a meme a day does keep sadness away
SEAN Confirmed CRAB....... (He has joined my new religion)
Yup that's the only reason
go talk with Michealcthulu. He smiths some awesome shit! I am certain he can make you an EPIC War Hammer
I guess i have to channel my danish viking ancestors to take on you, the Gaelic Gladiator.
5:03 but the average lifespan in my country is 81 so I will live 5 years longer than you haha
If you see a meme you may be entitled to financial compensation
Sorry Jack but... you can't be a viking. You don't have a long enough beard.
I wonder if someone at Coke watches his videos?
depression killed!
seans accent is slowly fading
I will call this show "Memeseptic Master Class with Jacksepticeye" from now on. xD
That poor lamp is crying out in pain, Jack.
Son of a viking
Why does the end remind me of every time team rocket from pokémon got their ass kicked and they were sent into oblivion
AWW MAN! He doesn't know what to call it?


Easy fix 


MEME! REVIEW!
I'm younger than u
My dad's dead, THANKS FOR REMINDING ME!
"Try not to have depression challenge"
(>0<)
If it ain't broken, don't fix it.❌

If it's broken, don't fix it. ✔️
I'll get to work on that war hammer
60k likes :)
Then there's me, son of boar.
It coke, does not sponsor, please create your own, like slurm soda from futurama, green drink
I know you’ve prolly been asked this question a lot sean, but.....


Whens the next drum cover?
1:46 
Felix: am I a joke to you?
HII JACK
Call it “Meme Review”
@bobbydukearts plz make him a mini war hammer
He went flying at cloud.


... that is airplane?
that is bird?
No, THAT IS JACKIEBOYMAN! XD
@Cocacola we need a sponsor
We must forge thy hammer for thy jack
The thumbnail made me think of this for some reason:
Fans: Do you know who Sean reminds me of?
Jackaboy: Who?
Fans: You don’t know?! Luigi from Super Mario!
You can call it meme me
lol real or fake Sean please get ahead of us we’re catching up
I went into the kitchen to get something to eat. And watch the video as i perpared my meal. And my friend yell from thw next room asking if i was fighting with someone on the phone. I thought only jacks channel can do this lol
Jack is choking sasuke
Sosukay! Sauceker!
How did the lamp break again
look at the baby face jackaboy calling himself a viking 😂
Your ears
Anyone else been watching jack for that long that you don't even notice his irishness in his voice anymore?
I'm just here because your appealing to look at.
IS NO ONE ELSE GONNA TALK ABOUT THE FACT THAT THE FIRST MEME WAS FROM ALWAYS SUNNY IN PHILADELPHIA AAAAND THE FACT THAT JACK DIDNT KNOW WHAT IT WAS!!!!!,,......NO?,,.......A..are..are you sure..? Oh? Well,,...w-well o-o-okay umm...........
One meme a day keeps the crippling depression away
get alec steele to make u a war hammer
Meme review
Finally someone likes one punch man
This kinda feels like Felix’s channel
Gabby: hey Sean how are-
Jack: You come into my house you gotta go up against this alpha Chad!
Gabby: What the heck?
Why would they pay you to do what you're already doing?

You need to STOP advertising Coke to get them to notice.
I wish I could join meet you
Y'all are gonna start trippin' the day he puts the green screen off to the side so it's half real and half fake
I love lamp
"What do you meme" is actually a board game so watch that copy right stick.
hey its the try not to not laugh
Lol good luck Jack, MatPat has been clawing at coke for a sponsor longer than you have and he's still not got one. Also stop it Jack we know coke belongs with MatPat and Wendy's belongs with Arin so find your own company to beg 😂😂
fake background
McLAUGHlin
10:30
jack just revealed he is a god
(for destroying the lamp and saying it was how god intended it to be...)
ALL HAIL THE MIGHTY SEAN


GOD OF........wait
oh yeah
PMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why not get sponsored by Dr. Pepper?
He's right about Naruto tho
Name it massive memeing man
Not to be mean but I just realized his ears look like elf ears
Jacksepticeye :I dont watch naruto 
Me: HOW DARE U NOT WATCH NARO-
Jacksepticeye:  it I do watch boku no hero my hero acadamia 
Me: you r forgiven
Stone hammer or....
Your ears looks like elf ears
8:35 your welcome
Please call it what do you meme? It is so terrible, its magnificant
Jacksepticeye: Fake background? REAL BACKGROUND!

8 months later: Ending the fake background meme
LAUGH COKE AAAAAAAAAAAAA
I recently watched bnha! And I’m obsessed now! Who’s your favorite character?
3:49 NO ONE GIVE JACK A WAR HAMMER YOU'LL DOOM US ALL. Dont you remember hit man, or universe sandbox, or totaly acute battle simulator, or undertale???
My depression can't be cured after the death of my mother,grand father and grand mother in the same month my depression became incurable.
Meme? Did you Say Meme?
NO YOU NEED HELP








LAUGH
im irish  to u know
Rip been streaming for 5 years and only have 500 follows but I’m ok with it
Meme review
No poverty means you can but food. But cash cant buy laugh.
The memeathon
Septic meme review
You can really see that Jack is Irish when he whips those ears out. Also... who doesn't come to this challenge for creaming and swearing?
My last name means Son of Fire
I had a dream were I'm at school and jack walks in, slams the glass mirror yelling laugh. I know want to hit everything, including people yelling laugh
Why would Coke sponsor you when you do it for free anyway?
I always hold cups like that and I never new why but I started when I watched jacksepticeye and my friends always comment on it
Is it weird that I thought it said MEXICAN in the background before it focused
Great, Jacksepticeye made a Meme Review-
I love how Seán is salty over Coke looking over him, when MatPat’s been doing that with Diet Coke for years
2 seconds in and I'm already confused... "horse noises"?  XD
Seán already cures my daily depression just by showing up every day and being himself
he was going to the forgotten lands due to the paradoxes of the green screen
Ya know, you actually cured my gf's depression after her grandfather died.
9:03 ITS NOT GREEN SCREEN THERES A REFLECTION IN THE BOARD. YOU CANT FOOL US JACK
Yes again
Mine is one punch man
Jack you have nothing on me because I don’t even hold my cups
I have a really good video game suggestion for you. You should play Tales of Berseria or any of the Tales games because i love the story behind it all
Me: Ye Sean's name is easy to pronounce
4:14 - no
8:22 no, you're a Rakkshassa.
Call it JSE’s depression DESTROYING show
my mom's irish and she scream as much as you lol
Nope, no relationship with dad. Although, still I get a card once in a while. The quiet is a family thing/ issue best left alone. Especially since my mom raised me and my sibs. on her own. She claims she owes me for the yrs. I've been taken care of her when I claim I owe her my life for better or worse she's my mom. If not for her I wouldn't be here. Even if we irritate each other we know when to give space and when the other needs some one to yell at, talk to or even a little understanding.   I know me yelling back at her is disrespectful but sometimes it helps her to understand she's not the only one having a bad day and I'd leave her when she's ready to be left alone. other times I'd walk away and she'd follow so that's the reason for yelling back. I'd like to be calmer.
did anyone else think of the crab picture at 5:46 as Jack representing Connor from dbh and Bryan Dechart's crabby video....?
Ayyyy I’m a Viking too!! I’m related to king Bluetooth. He was a ruthless Viking king (Bluetooth was named after him).so that’s pretty cool.
your ears ?
Jackie don't worry there's a thing called Pepsi-Cola you still have a chance
jack is cute when he gets like this
Jack if you can cure my decade long depression I’ll owe you my life
Was casually drinking coke cola
real or fake? Look at the white board reflection and it should move and change if real when he moves
0:30 Thank you Jack. I am very much in need of this right now 🙃
Fake irish man
Meme review 2
13:09 yes im ded inside
Pepsi has entered the chat.
Meme time!!!!
Me: What if I don't have depression?
Also me: Looks at memes
Me later: Welp now I do.
Pretty cool how you had Pewdiepie’s background at 9:18
U are not viking mate u are Irish. The real true desendent of viking lives in the North u mud blood. >:(
MEME MONDAY
and this was trending on Gaming
So you want a Warhammer Brother?







Warhammer 40k reference, BROTHER!
My relationship with my dad is rocky because he accidentally married the Professor Umbridge of step mothers and I've never been the same since. (JK I've been moving past it I love my dad he's cool.)
Meme review ?
Meme review ?
5:23 SEE?! IM NOT A WEIRDO
"I'm here to cure everyone's deppression,"
Me: You already did that with your intro
green LWAIY
Jack trying to get Coke to sponsor him is like Arin trying to get Wendy's to sponsor him.
😎👌got you
Jack you should go up and hit the skeleton with your knife, it'll trigger some events (life if you want jack to see this)
Game: Snow Plant
Jack : "Snow Plant"
me : Snow Plant
Snow Plant : Snow plant
Jack: my videos helped the developers find bugs.
also Jack: walks through stairs
1:35
Jack: My game is frozen..
Me: Some might say, the game is below zero
My name is Connor. I'm the Cyclops sent by Vehicle Bay.
Jack there’s a secret bunker around the bridge (like if you want jack to see this)
26:18
Jack:Who put those there?
Me:You... You died there jack😂
Me: "OH, Sean loved Detroit, but I don't think he's really into it anymore..."

Sean: ~Wearing a haircut similar to Kamski's, and names his hover bike Hank~

Me: "....*he's subcounciously obsessed.*
Jack: Theres a battery and lubricant on the ground?
Jack: Who left those here?
Me: ITS YOUR GEAR FROM BEFORE
Jack: Well its good for me.
Me: Facepalm*
Jack, first you name the Sea Truck Traci and now the SnowFox Hank... 

Is anyone else seeing a theme here? 
Btw Jack if you get killed by a snow stalker then you will get an exclusive death animation! 



Like so jack can see!
Is "Pengwing" actually a reference to Benedict Cumberbatch? 😂😂
Jack when he goes to a new place: 
Oh I've seen this all before
Goes to a place he has been:
Oh hey that's new
2:49 jack talking about bugs in early days
Game: [press F8 to report bug]
Jack: I can do flips!

Me: Has flashbacks to Skate 3 and Betty
Btw you can pack up the hover bike by clicking near the back of it as well as you can actually hover on the water
Like (if u want) so Jack can see!
(Whispers) 
Simon the Snowfox..
Hank the Hoverpad..
Jack: oooohh I'm gonna have to go back and get-
PDA: 30 seconds
5:33
8:21  "Assessment: Avoid"

I think that's the most ironic thing I've seen in a long time.  You've got to get super close to a clearly hostile creature, getting right up in its face to scan it, and pretty much the only info you get is a visual description (which you can pick up on yourself...from a distance) and a warning to stay away from it.  Gee, thanks game!  There's no way we couldn't have figured those things out just by watching the damn thing!

Love this series.  It's so great to watch a game come along like this, especially since the developers actually finish their projects (unlike half of the games on steam)!  Can't wait to see more
"I don't think he really gonna roll out the read carpet and-"
icicle rolls out in front of him
lol the timing
Jack you can use your knife on the big skeleton and get kharaa infection item which you can send in the rocket!


- Like so jack sees this! ♥
Just wait until the Shadow leviathan is added
Perfect start to a re-visit
Jack: Where am I ??????
What have i done????

HAHAHAHAHa!!!!
Jack: its snowing..
Me: CORRECTION, HAILING. ICE IS FALLING, NOT SNOW.
15:14
I just realized those glowing rock bridges are the tentacles from the leviathan in subnautica
Jack playing Subnautica after a long time:

("I have no memory of this place" Gandalf Meme)
my dogo just recently died and my little brother was so sad i bought a new one, decided to name him sam. its reminds me of jack and jack makes me happy when im sad,
when my little bro is old enoef i hope he wil endjoy watching you with me aswell.
keep up the awsome work.
Nobody:
Comment section: LiKe sO jAcK CAn SeE
Yaaay! 

Jack sets off for 1250M journey with 30% health, and 26% power and no supplies!!
THAT'S THE JACKSEPTICEYE WE ALL LOVE!!!!
Subnautic below zero does not have a happy ending. Ever heard of natural selection 2. Its based after this. let our kharaa swarm rise!
Jack:my game's frozen..


Me:yeah, it's called below zero for a reason..
With the Snow Fox, Sub NAUSEOUS is back, baby!
sean!!!! please goto these coordinates, theres a secret bunker!!!!!!!!! (its in the glacial basin, in a small cave
-1488 9.4 -758 are the coordinates!!! (press f1 for coords)
Shawn walks through stairs.

HAIRY POTTER THEME
I would have named the snowfox Toby think about it.
Get it? 😄
*wipes tear*
“Oh Subnauseous... how I’ve missed you...”
me at 6:15 no NO NOOO DON"T SCAN HIM!
jack at 6:55 ohhh lets save again
 me : YES DO THAT AND RUN!
jack at 7:34 AHHH
me: what did I #$*ing tell u?
I love the slower pace of your play Jack, I think we enjoy following you on an emotional journey of discovery.
Me:* sees the weird monster thing *
Also me:* unholy screaming *
Gleefully says the intro along with Jack


TOP O' THE MORNIN TO YE LADDIES My name is Jack Septiceye and welcome back to Subnauseo-- ಠ_ಠ
"There's just a battery and a lubricant lying around"

Everything is a dildo if you're brave enough
Jack: Ooh a snow stalker , looks friendly...
God the nostalgia. It’s been 5 years since I watched your videos last and I’m glad to see them again.
If I'm not wrong it can drive on water(Hank)
"Good lord this looks like going through the birth canal again"
                   - Jack 2019
hoverbike hank: isn’t working
jack: kicks side of bike WAKE UP LIEUTENANT
Jack plz play more islanders. 100 like to get jack to play it weekly
Game:the prawn suit is a vehicle
Jack:well yes but actually no
Aww you didn't call it Sub-Nauseous. Oh well still gonna like and watch the vid anyways xD
Edit: That Snowfox made me a tad nauseous, doesn't help that I was eating food before-hand.
he should call the snow fox Kath like from Kath and Kim get it hah kats "foxy" my fellow Australians will like this
And plz play some of the SCP games plz thx
"AH, lubricant.. THIS IS LOOKING GOOD!" XD
You should name snow fox Gregory or Greg
You know like Greg from Night in the Woods
Jack when the full game is out (story/features etc) you should start a new save and play from the beginning to get the full effect!
I think Chelicerate is pronounce Sche-lis-erat
Maybe go back to the original place that crashed and got covered by snow.
Jack driving the hoverbike legit gave me motion sickness, man. Ugh
Jack what's something big 

game:so we need that dragon
29:58 "Imma call it Hank" Now whenever you're about to ride it, you can slap it and say "Wake up, lieutenant!" :P
Jack why haven't you  bought a subnatuica shirt , posters etc.
You can go on the water I think with the hover bike
I was thinking Sarah for the snow fox but idk what im tAlkin about
Jack: [Builds Snowfox]
Jack, mentally: Now this is Podracing!
I love how all of these awsome, badass vehicles Jack names relatively "regular" names
Jack: What have I done? 😂😂
jack you had the chance to call your snowfox Vixen....what are you doing........
Jack that base thing seems to be in a placeholder because it is like that on mine.

 if you get up there there is nothing in the building and you can walk through the buildings walls
“She looks like a diner but she handles like a bistro”

Jacksepticeye 2019
One day I'm a have a freaking seizure from Sean's intro.
Do more Subnautica Jack it is an amazing series and people love it 

Like so Jack can see this
When you said snowfox i thought you said "snowfuck" 😂😂
Jack: I want something huge 
Qui gun jin (don't criticise my spelling): theirs always a bigger fish
Jack’s game froze because it subnautica below zero

(Edit:) thanks for all the likes :3
Jack: "link would be so proud"
Hap!
*Diesel Semi truck Exhaust break noise *
Jack: what does a docking station do?
Me: dock?
"That clenched every sphincter that I have." (C) Jacksepticeye, 2019
I was catching up on subnatica below zero from ep# 4 to this today. 🏆🏆
You should've called the snowfox Jill,so you could say..

Jack rode Jill right up the hill

Also,please don't like this anymore cause we at 420 likes

UNLIKE THIS COMMENT NOW SO WE CAN REMAIN AT 420.AND THATS AN ORDER!
Hey, Jack, I know this isn't important but one of my friends in art class is painting a picture of you in a westering suit.
Please Tell Me Kevin And Karla Are Still In The Game
😣😣😣
This is how many people who                       want satisfactory back
👇
A truth Fact about Sea Monkey
They like to steal you in hand stuffs 😅🤣
“Pengwing”

Anyone else think of Benedict Cumberbatch’s nature documentary?
Jack have you seen the plans for SHADOW LEVIATHAN
Are Pengling and Pengwing reference to Bendersnatch cucumberpatch...
26:23 super mario 64 lil penguin lost flashbacks


That snow fox is awesome! reminds me of the speeder bikes in return of the jedi
You saved right before the snow stalker, did you forget that quickly?! XD
He protecc 
He attacc
But most importantly
He bring intro bacc
what voice changer are you useing
Woah! The hover bike looks like a sparrow from Destiny
i dont think jacksepticeye needs clickbait.  his channel isn't dying and theres millions of people like me (who've been here since 2014) and a place in our heart always belongs to him.  he can be straight forward in his video titles and still get our click and enjoyment.
Jack's title: WHAT IS THAT THING
Me:*sees thumbnail* the hatch of your home
Jack should name the snow fox Sara 
Imagine Sara the snow fox
Jack, you can pick up the bike to transport it!
15:56 forklift module
1 minute ago uploaded. EARLY SQUAD BOIS
12:25 to 13:01

Close your eyes and listen.
Anyone else heard "Punch the like banana face?" No? Just me? Ok.🤭
Jack! Oh how i have missed your subnautica vids!!
Was it just me or did they change the pda when you get blue print for blue print Aquaed
Take a sample from frozen skeleton, and there is more places in this aera.
PS: Snow Stalkers and Chelicerate make a good death animations of your character😏.
Lightning from your hands

Sounds like an InFAMOUS 2 reference
Jackie I should tell you chelicerate pronounced KHELISSERAHT
15:03 HOW NEAT IS THAT? THATS PRETTY NEAT.
see if the snowfox can hover on water please
Idea: Subnautica w/Heart Rate Monitor.
That bike runs on propane as it is a propane accessory
Hello To Everyone You Can Pick Up The Hover Bike Incase It Gets Stuck And/Or If You Want To Go To Another Ice Island 😉👍😉
The hover bike is like from the star wars from those storm troopers
M Y   G L A N K L E S !
Jack:Imma call it hank!
Me:.........
Connor:Wake up lieutenant!Its me connor!
slapping intensifies
FINALLY! I’ve been waiting so long for the next update 😅👏
Her: where did that come from? 

Me: my pants 😊
I think it should be Byron the bike 
Like if you agree
Steggosaurus is my favorite dinosaur. I would be sprinting towards it.
Jack forgets his thumbnail
Editor: Shit, here we go again
You missed the prawn suit fragments!
Finally more subnauticaca
Famous Jack Lines:

1. AHHHHHHHH
2. SPEED IS KEY!!
3. That’s a bunch of balls
4. More AHHHHHHHH
5. oooooh I want it
Ok, what did we learn in today's video?
NEVER GIVE JACK A HOVERBIKE
Personally I would've called the Snowfox Vic, cause vixen is a female fox and it goes with the whole naming vehicles after women. Sally..Maria...Vic.. y'know?
I'm passive agressively waiting for Satisfactory ;)
Subnautica: Puts big thing in game.
Fans: Bigger.
Subnautica: Puts even bigger thing in game.
Fans: BIGGER
Subnautica: Stretches the limits of their engine, creates huge Leviathan sized thing.
Fans: BiGgEr! Colossal! 
Subnautica:...
snow plant?








snow plant.
MAKE THE MODULES..... please
Jack: god these things are falling over the place.

Me: dandruff is a thing....
I'm so excited to see his reaction when he sees the shadow leviathan.
First thought when seeing the snowfox

IT'S A PODRACER!
Jack: Oh crap I only have 20 power!
Continues to use the boosters
I love long playtrough series. Just sayin' it. Now have a nice day if you found this comment
i wish i could play but i cant cuz my monitor/ tv is now moved in the living room 
can not wait to play the new update
They really need to add a leviathon that does the same thing as the blizzard and cuts all the other audio
The day this was uploaded I finally got subnautica for my Xbox lol
JACK, THE SEA TRUCK DOCKING MODULE ALLOWES U TO PUT A PAWN SUIT IN IT!!!!!!
Btw love ur vids jack
34:46
Jack: " GOD thats huge!"
1 y/o me: "thats whats she said"
Imagine if Below Zero got multiplayer. We could have Snowfox races, and they'd be hella fun.
Hanky the snowfox
jack: "link would be proud, Hah! HAOUUGHH."
You can carry the snow fox and there is another place you missed.
Its in a cave and its just across from the place you found(the one with giant doors)
when I saw the chelicerate in the preview image my first thought was "I t is going to appear very far i-" 
chelicerate appears almost 4 minutes in
"WELL THEN WASN'T EXPECTING THAT!"
Me 5 years ago: why u got scaried?

Me now after playing the game: logical
Wow it's 3d printing!
5 seconds pass
Wow you take forever, don't cha?


Anyone who has used a 3d printer: O______________e
Jack can you please play Rust on Steam!Also you make great vids keep it up.
Sean, are your toes curling?
If you like exploring. Buy Witcher 3 :D
“Foxy? Nah that’s a little to generic” *one edit later “imma call it hank”😂
Jack play dan the man on mobile its so cool test your bossnes fighting skills fight robot bosses
Jack, "Little Misfortune" demo is out! It's from the same people who made FRAN BOW ! Will you consider playing it? :)
Jack will you be doing a full play through of the game when it is fully released?
I love how you got just as nauseous as I did on the bike, lol. Your reactions are just the best cause they are just so relateable and real, so I appreciate that! Can't wait for more! <3
JACK THERE IS A GAME YOU HAVE TO PLAY






It's called Just shapes and Beats. It's a bullet hell game and its a lot like undertale, which I know you enjoyed. It is a PC game. It also has cool music that I know you will love. Please read this and maybe consider playing it.
I've been with I always I wait for each video you post you're the only one I watch subnautica below zero
MeanWhile: Jack is destroying the ecosystem by bumping to fishes
I approve this update 👍
#48 on trending wow... wonder if all the other videos are on fortnite? 🤔
you need a sample from the leviathan
26:20 omg he says that so much. Plz someone record everytime he says that in this video 'cause I can't be bothered to. 😂
26:11 Golden XD. I like how jack doesnt realize that they're there because he died and lost his items.
Always replay the intro when I see your videos :v
I encountered the Chelicerate in the nighttime annnd it killed me good job on scanning it whilst staying alive 👍😅
Jack: I want something colossal in  regular subnautica.
Aurora:Am I a joke to you?
I tought it said Meghan Fox (Which would be a cool namr for the thingy) When it actually said Mount Snowfox🤣.
I'm a simple man: I see a jacksepticeye video with subnautica in the title, I click like.
It's chelicerate 

Che- like chess-li like like-Ci-like city and rate chelicarate
It's been way too long since I heard that opening. It's like therapy for my soul.
Should play Subnautica with a heart rate monitor 😂
I should use one just watching
i love this series. Ah my GLANKLES!
That "f8 to report bugs" popped up with perfect timing lol
Jack:I’ma call it Hank!
My brain: I lIkE dOgS
That futurama reference :D ahhh i miss that show "You win again, Gravity!"
Jack: "It's snowing"

Me: "That's hail."
Jack, you said so many incriminating things in this video
"Oh lubricant!"
"Is it gonna fit, I hope it's gonna fit"
"This is not so good for tight spaces!"
Is that really called a Pengwing?! Like how Benadryl Cumberpatch pronounces penguin?! 😂🐧
Subnoutica 1=skulls in lava 
Subnoutica 2= skulls in ice
when you have motion sickness and he uses the snow fox XD
Jacksepticeye running into fish in Subnautica:

"Some of you may die, but that is the sacrifice I'm willing to make."
Play more subnautica below zero
Jack: "Imma call it Hank" (Colors it green)
Me: Hank Green?
I want jack to encounter the "Ice Worm" I'd love to see his reaction
ah! good old jack! always forget to turn down my volume when i watch him. even 20 is too loud)
"Oh! That clenched every sphincter I had!" - Jacksepticeye 2019
Thank God you uploaded another subnatica vid
2:51 
Jack: complaining about the bugs in the original Subnautica
Subnautica: Press F8 to report bugs and give feedback
I'm having flashbacks to playing Metroid Prime 1 lol
Other games: welcome to our game
Sbz: HEY GUYS , We got flying whales and vomiting hoverbikes😂😂
YOU CAN RIDE THE SNOW STALKER JACK (I think)
Everyone:

Jacksepticeye:


HELL YEAH
"Where did all the ice and snow come from?"
 Alaska in the middle of April
“Plan for now is to get back and get into my dude.” -Jacksepticeye 2019 😂
26:09 Jack that's the stuff you lost when you died
Glory To Arstotzka Saluted At Jacksepticeye
Big oof on his pronunciation of chelicerate (It's chel-ih-sir-ate)
Jack, name the Snowfox Harley
I had such a good laugh watching him flipping all over the place with Hank. 🤣
13:54  It should’ve said, “Inspired by Benedict Cumberbatch”
please play more subnautica(like if u agree)
Jack: Goes on land
BYE BYE, OCEAN
You should call the hover bike Felix the snow fox
Holy motion sickness batman, the snow fox is a ride and a half.
Jack: soo.. the hoverpad is useless 

A FEW MOMENTS LATER


Jack: oohh you need the hoverpad to build the snow fox
Sea truck tracy hoverbike harry /snowfox sonia
I don't think he's gonna roll out the red carpet ....

Ice rolls in front of him
Explores new area*
Past Jack: I wonder if this hurts me...(stands in pink volcano thing)
Past Jack: AhHhHHh  yup that definitely can kill me.
Future Jack: The creators told me to stay away from anything new because it could kill me.
smh lol
You were wondering what to call the snow fox, ide say it’s more like a speeder from star wars
I’ll never forget that vid when jack found the reefbacks for the first time and lost his shit. I think that was the vid that got me so In love with this series. So glad he’s continuing :)
furious clicking in the background intensifies
There r new tabs characters you can find in maps by looking for their weapons
The Skelton is probably a placeholder for something cooler
I love how this game makes fun of how Benedict Cumberbatch pronounced "penguins" in that one nature video. XD
I like how sean saw the chelicerate the same way he saw the reaper just a tail swiming in the distance
You should 100% play Astroneer!
i think by now subnautica actuall needs a map-tool... something that just draws a map of your general area as you go.
I literally refuse to watch anything below zero related except your videos until you finish the full game when it comes out. This game is so amazing!
WE NEED MORE SATISFACTORY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh, oh, oh me, me!
Sean: Yes?
Me: is it a unisicle?
(Sorry if there is grammar errores)
JAACK! PLZ MORE LIFE IS STRANGE!!!!
Love the sum 41 reference in the description. I absolutely love sum 41.
Like if Jack should continue World of Goo
6:58 Welcome to another episode of: A Very, VERY Bad Idea!
Jack YOU WERE MISTAKEN WE ARENT ONLY GAMER WE ARE GAMER AND GAELIC WARRIORS
(Read in Italian accent) Detroit becoming humes
My name is Connor
And Hank the hoverbike
0.00 ma ears
With full sound btw
The battery and lubracint that you picked up was from when you died
Jack: I don't think he's gonna roll out the red carpet


Icicle: rolls in front of him
Sean you need to grow your beard MORE
U r my favorite to watch and you always make me laugh and plz play some of the SCP games and I'm very grateful that you r a YouTuber and I would go crazy if you were not one just do me a favor and plz play one SCP game thx u my favorite YouTuber.
Also since you named your Snowfox Hank, you gotta name your Prawn Suit Connor in this game!!!
BTW the Chelicerate is pronounced Sha lis erit sorry if I'm being rude
My motto is run first, ask questions later

RUN JACK, RUUNNN
Hey Jacksepticeye I just started to play subnatica in survival mode
Quick question.... Are you going to replay below zero when it's finished just like you did with subnautica???
Jack: "What should we call the snowfox? Foxy? That's a little  too generic. Imma call it Hank!"
Also Jack: *Named his starting pod in Subnautica, "Hank"*
The hoverbike is like those podracers from Star Wars
3:19

Jacksepticeye: oh god the games glitching
Me: the whales are evolving
This game is so amazing, and it just gets better the more that I watch you play it, Jack!!!
Jack's about to jump down ad plays
Undertale: stars on the inside
Mysterious snow
"Alright where'd I put that bike plate" Jacksepticey 2019
Did anyone else read the title in jack's voice ?

Also who's here before the thumbnail changes ? 😂🖐🏻
Snow Plant


Snow Plant
Nobody:
Jack: imma call it hank
Hey jack when are u going to do more satisfactory
“Ah gosh I am destroying the ecosystem”
He says purposely running in to a fish
Ice lily-pads?

You mean ice bergs?
XD
If this is hank then the next one should be connor...








Get it ?!
I thought the snowfox was a creature. I have been lied to!!!! I WANT A REFUND!!!!!!
Yes I have been waiting for more subnautica
Jack: "Oh god im destroying the ecosystem!"




Also Jack: 
Snowfox is just snow seaglide
I love jack and how he takes his time with the games. I think it is great because those kids or people who can not pay for the game can kind of experience that with him. LOVE YOU JACK
Jack worries of a video game ecosystem.. damn it be like that sometimes.
I thought Jack (Sean) couldn't swear due to Article 13
Me: That cavern looks like a vagina....
Jack: It's like I'm going through the birth canal again. 
Me: Dead af
Jack do more slime rancher
30:00 now this is pod racing
Hey jack this is my first video since I got grounded,u are my inspiration t be a youtuber
septicfox or jacksepticfox… I like septicfox tho
We love the content, the way you take your time and upload long episodes , slow and steady wins the race , everyone else may be wanting fast content but with fast content comes with running out of content... Consistency is key... Keep up the good work, it's quality content 💚
Jack do more subnatica below zero videos
Omg Jack you watch neature walk, that's so funny, I never thought someone I watched would quote that in a video 😂
OMFG They added a benedict cumberbatch meme to the game. He always says pengwing instead of penguin
It would be awesome if they added a more versatile vehicle for land navigation. What about something that could traverse both? Something like a PRAWN suit but more suited to navigating land like jumping up cliffs and running fast.
I remember watching him play the original game when he was still coming out with videos.




This is epic.
Jack I watch you specifically because you take the time to enjoy the games! And I know I'm not alone. You keep being you and we'll always be here.
the 45th ice age 5091 (colorized)
“checilerates” at the opening screen, funny typo lol
Jack: that’s too generic
Also jack: let’s name it hank
I can sum this game up for me in one word:

ANXIETY
Did it show an option to pick up the snowfox?
Born of the new character, Hank
game: hover-pad
Jack (an intellectual): bike plate
Brian: Stewie why do you but so much emphasis on the “H”
Below Zero in Subnautica Below Zero stands for below zero frames per second
Yay for more Subnautica!! :D
A base under the giant frozen skeleton would look epic 😻
Don’t worry Jack,I’d ride Hank too. 😉
Who else did the name hank remind him/her of Detroit Become Human??
It's a snow plant.
And this... is a snow plant.
This however, is a snow plant.
Surprisingly, it's a snow plant.
Snow plant...
Is it really a snow plant?
Behold! A snow plant.
Eh? There's 2 titanium inside this.
U sould call the hover bike glider it seems a good name for it
It's funny how your game froze well playing an ice map
"Pengwing" - Benedict Cumberbatch, trying to say Penguin circa 2014
chelicerate the new leviathan is like below zero's reaper
Jack: there is a whale in the ice
Jack: game found out the whale is not supposed to be in there
Jack: so the game teleported it to the sky
Wow a whale probably supposed to be in the sky not in the water
sounds lit to me
YES I WAS WAITING FOR PART 8 AND IM DO GLAD WE GOT IT WOOOOOOOOO!
Bro where da duck is Satisfactory
If Jack got a second snow fox who thinks it should be named Conner. You know Hank and Conner... Detroit: Become Human...
A joke for the lockers;
I guess that base got Snowden 😉👌
Keep an eye out when you are exploring the Caves in the Glacial Basin. You will come across a decent food/water item.
Game dev: Snow Plant
Jack: Snow Plant
everyone:  . . . Snow Plant
me: guess that is a Snow Plant
edit: should call the bike Dizzy cause it makes you dizzy
i love your dedication to quality over quantity :)
Jack: i want a collosal sea monster"
Also Jack: gets scared of a regular sized leviathan
Yessss, neature walk
Be the last bastion of lets players taking their time, sometimes its about the journey, not the reward!
I heard they updated the game! there is a shadow leviathan or something.
Now this is podracing!
Play slime rancher again bring back the nostalgia
I think you can hover above the water with hank/seafox try it you dont lose alot if it doesnt work
Pengwing is how Benedict Cumberbatch pronounces penguin
The hover bike actually made me nauseous and I had to look away. "I don't have motion sickness." I thought "it'll be fine" I thought. 🤢
Jack , make another SnowFox and call it Connor .
I was waiting for him to walk through the stairs. I laughed harder then I should have at his confused reaction XD
No one:
Sean: i got my EyEs bacK
Going through the birth canal again??? So you remember the FIRST time??? LOL
AH my Glankles! 😂😂 I love it
Jack the sea truck can attach to karts
You should Keep playing your games slowly.. It's the kind of allure that only your, and those like yours' channels have. c;
JAAAAAACK Name it Foxy Roxy
7:03

Dont tempt fate again jack... Already happened with the Ghost Reaper Leviathon...
I think the docking pod for the truck is to carry the sniwfox
They should make subnautica VR version
now THIS is podracing!
Jack Life is strange 2 ep 3 comes out may 9th!
Playing the original subnautica for the first time: I don't wanna be in the water it's scary and dark!

Playing below zero for the first time: Let me back in the water being on land is too dangerous! ;_;
I have a better name for the snowfox  "Simon" (Simon snowfox)😆😆😆
Thanks youtube just got the notification today
Jack: picks up lubricant 

Jack: this is looking good
NAME THE SNOWFOX JUPITER ?????!!!!!!!!!
Snowfox fred
Like if agree
Snowfox Steve hahahaha would have been a funny throwback
Jack:There's just a random lubricant and battery sitting here.
Also Jack 20 Minutes ago:Died at that exact same spot from fall damage.
You dropped it sherlock!
I love long series because I get to watch my favorite YouTubers more.
I think you should take your time with this series.
U should name it Snowfox Sandy
yeah ur game isn't broken mine is that way too
Snowi the fox
2:06 “I remember the really early days, they just vanished”
"This is bad news bears..."
hops off ledge
ad plays
Me: Well that was well timed
Edit: Ah. He died.
Imagine the snowfox in VR
hey, jack i just wanted to tell you that if you have a lot of dead batteries and no battery charging station then you can just make scanners with those batteries and when you made the scanners you can take them out and the batteries will be fully charged. it's just that you will have a lot of scanners.
I love the way you play Subnauseous and TABS, please don't ever change them <3
I missed this intro ♥️
Please keep making these videos as well as the satisfactory one with robin
The game looks cool everytime, but when you can't play on everything max, than it's not so beatiful
Yes jack scan the big scary thing that even the creators told you not go near
also the snowfox a quick and nimble little bastard of a bike
Funny jack moments

jack: what does a docking module do?

Me:  it’s in the name jack



Also I love how he says come of instead of come from
Do Beamng drive( BMG drive) it's so different! Please
Finely, I have been waiting for this for so long
At 4:05 is it just me or was that perfect timing because as soon as it was on screen the character like gasped
i love the subnautica series i hope they make more
plan for now get back into my dude jacksepticye lol
Jack- there's a battery and lubricant here! I mean, good for me, but who put them there?

Me- Jack... that's where you fell and died....
I want a baby snow stalker...or a plush.
A plush would be cool.
You should make an episode every week. But with shorter episodes, like 20 minutes
i loved that Hot Fuzz subtle reference
Weirdly specific: hit the frozen skeleton with your knife. Trust.
Upload this more often lol
Why couldn't he just load from the save point?
Sean I love your hair cut and btw my name is Sean William Mackay the same initials so I happy
Btw Snow Stalkers are related to normal Stalkers.
As soon as Jack said pengwing all I could think was “ Bendyboi Coblermunch would be proud. ”
Well jack, I gett your view on the maximum content thing, but
Everything you uploads, does get louds of views!
We love watching just stupid stuff of you even if there’s no content
Hey Jack what ever happened to your Satisfactory series?
My tv rattles every time his voice goes deep😂😂
12:55 And that there is the uvula.

Oh... so it’s a girl cavern...
Go to 12:25 click play, close your eyes and listen
the hoverbike can go underwater
You can tell that it's an aspen tree because of the way it is.
I love the music for the snowscape.  So pretty and kinda solemn, like Skyrim.  Also, I've seen boats handle better than that hoverbike.  Yikes.

I love that they allow us to play this as they make it.  It's like one gigantic teaser, like the huge skeleton in the ice.  "Heyyyyy lookie what you'll get to have later one!"  Yes, please and more of that!
Jack please play more soon. Really soon. Plus this series is awsome so far
If I wanted to watch people go straight to doing dumb stuff on Subnautica I'd have found another youtuber and not watched all 71 episodes of Subnautica that you've released over the years! I love when a new subnautica video is uploaded and I look forward to it every single time! Keep up the good work and I will see you my dude! IN THE NEXT VIDEO!
hey jack when you went in the dark area last ep. and when you had some diologe Margaret you get the orange tablet then you CAN go back to the spawn area and go into the percuser area at the beggening
 with the tabet go watch IGP on how to get up there but in that vid there ARE spoilers hope you watch this mate :)
More! Nice uploafs
12:23 - 12:39 
Listen to that part with your eyes closed
Even now the reaper still warped though the ground after the game was released
Jack this bike can hover on water to try it and you can pick the bike up also
does this fit? oooegh why did i bring you here...
this feels like going through the birth canal again. 
i thought i'd enter one hole and come out the other
HOLY COOKIES! the blizzard is TERRIFYING!! O_O!
You know you can use the snowfox on water right?
Pengwing? Okay, that is totally a reference to Benedict Cumberbatch.
My Irish Gladiator, I will will watch this 3 minute ad for your revenue...
Sean always makes me laugh every time he says glakles
What happened to subtarcicpark
I'm from Poland 🇵🇱
goes back to the episode of Subnautica where Jack legit was hunting the reaper laviathin yup....
Jack how long is your hair now?
The docking module is for the prawn suit so you can take it with you on the seatruck
Jack i think I got your time capsule from the first game or one inspired by you
12:24 - 13:05 with your eyes closed
29:53 jack i feel hurt cause my dogs name is Foxie and she lovely she also heard you say her name and responded to it
jack u can fly the snow fox  by going into the guyzer then boost
Snow plant is snow plant
Snow plant is love snow plant is life
At 19:27 what it feels like being flashbanged in csgo
it requires power for building the bike...
Jack: gaming series doesnt get as many views anymore

Youtube: #6 trending for youtube gaming
When the game comes out fully do a series of this please
your my fav youtuber jacksepticeye
Ps. Can u play happy wheels again plz
Name it Snowfox freddy
I just realized, maybe pengwings are named after what Benedict Cumberbatch says 🤔😱😂
Maybe it’s just me being slow 😂
7:53 game theory: jack has more than one sphincter
is your name spelled Sean or Shawn?
we have hank. but wheres connor? wheres our boi the android sent by cyberlife
“New Blueprint Aqua’d”
THAT'S PRETTY NEAT!!!!!
Sean you should play rainbow 6 siege
Jack we are all here for you.🙏🙌🙌🙌👁️❤️❤️
Dude I like the long exploring videos. Is it too much work to upload two versions? I'd watch all the ads in the big ones just so I could watch them
Fun Fact: this game is actually the prequel to the first Ice Age movie.
4546B is the Australia of the galaxy. Everything kills you.
DID SOMEBODY SAY CONTENT
You should name him 
Frostyboy
19:10 Snow hit really f**ken fast
I like how you heal really slow cause it keep you soo conscious...
It's probably new creatures in the game but that probably rare to activate
The ad at the beginning of the video involved people slapping each other and themselves in the face. As soon as I could I skipped. Making it slap, slap, SLAP "TOP OF THE MORNIN"
Ps jack im pretty sure the snow fox can go on water
Did anyone notice how when he was talking about bugs from the last Subnautica, an icon popped up to tell him :"If you notice any bugs please give us your feedback" LOL 😁
I think u can pick up baby snow stalkers
in the  normal subnautica you can tame a  Reaper Leviathan  using peepers
The ocean makes me want to run I hate the idea of stuff sneaking up from underneath me
15:13 you should be Nugget at this point jack 😂
Jack the chelicerate and the snow stalker have awesome killing animations you should try it out ;)
bro u neeeeed to chec the actual snow fox
I think the big circle you drove around in was designed as something of a natural race track of ice caves to test out the handling and control of the Snowfox. Nothing really there at the moment, but looks cool and serves testing purposes.
Ok, plan for now...  
Yes
I wish I could be on this map so I could terrorize you again jack!
I think snowfox can go on the water
Keep up the good work sean
27:13 YOU MISSED A FRAGMENT DAMN IT.
NOW THIS IS PODRACING
There has been a micro update yesterday. Maybe something to check out?
in tabs you can make a mace spinner become a tornado when you power them up with cheer leaders I swear it not a mod please trust me
Funniest subnotica vid ever :)
XD the bike is amazing!!
"THAT CLENCHED EVERY SFINKER THAT I HAVE"
That was a very majestic Pangwang
Jack play sekrio shadows die twice
Still think calling it "Sub zero" was a missed opportunity...

Maybe it's to avoid copyright
There’s is a death animation for the chelicerate and snow stalker, along with an unfinished biome (It’s still cool tho). Alsooo you missed a place hidden in the wall of the glacial basin, which you literally passed by XD. Make another episode of this game its awesome.







Get killed by the chelicerate pls 👹
there is a prawn suit in Below Zero that you can pack into your sea bus using the docking moduel (like if you want jack to see this)
The hoverbike could maybe be called Howard, if you change your mind? Anyway, I love your vids and this series, and keep up the good work! Like a BOSS!
hank from king of the hill
Finally! Love ya Jack! This series is the best!
I vote calling it the Sexy Foxy
Glankles will be the death of us . I tell you
Oh God. Never drive that bike again
nice haircut
You know what I'm about to do

I AM A STEGOSAURUS
God damn it, that pretty neat reference. THIS IS AN ASPEN!
It’s nature 😉😂👌🏻
handles like a bistro! (cant be your friend if you dont know what its from) haha
Name it Snowfox sandy
complains about darkness, never builds a flashlight
34:23 That’s the same skeleton in the Lost River and the Precursor Research Facility just more snowy!
Please make more of these i miss subnautica so this is a great replacement
i remember the good old days when games came out fully released and finished, and not these early access messes that are half done for full price
The septic speedster
the chelicerate can do a one hit ko if you go in its mouth that also has an excluesive death animation
pls make the next video soon i love this game
MY COMMENT WAS SEEN! I think.
what happened to normal subnautica
And yes that Ice Island is indeed.. "cool" 😎
Thanks Jack because i saw this episode i was interested and just looked all the old subnatica series from the beginning. And i had so much fun and emotions watching you it was a great experience and i am happy i had it. I love Subnautica <3
You should have named it mike so it could be called mike the hover bike.
I Love The Quiet Snow Stalker!
checilerates? chelicerates, they meant? >:D (chelicerates are spiders, scorpions,... and such)

oh, the red and shrimpy boy is called a chelicerate... I think he can swallow you whole
I LOVE BAL...SNOWWW!
If you didn't notice in the birth canal there was air pockets
Everyone knows you don't take Penguins back to their moms! You throw them off cliffs! Into the abyss!
At 31:02 he means “well yes, but actually no.”
I just pronounce Chelicerate "chocolate"
Jack! you can pet the tiny ice bear thing
26:16 you died there probably
DUH
20:06 Snowstalker suddenly smacks Jack. Jack needs some fluid intake...
How deep do they plan on having the seatruck being able to go
Jake make a thumper
I thinks that's the old one now is updated I think you know your video
Is it me or does this affect for everyone that jack has no thumbnail?
Dear lord, it's good to see ya! I've been with you before your early gta days, and love the whole channel! Stay with you always!
Anyone else love how he lines up he center of the screen with the dot?
“I don’t think there is anything else to see”... a few seconds later passes by the small secret base
Jack:gimme more big creatuers 

Subnotica develeopers:is that all i am to u a pile of big creatuers
nobody:

absolutely nobody:





Jack: wHaTs uP lAddiEs JaCksEpticeye hErE
I’m pretty sure jack passed under an air pocket at about 24:32
If that is Hank.... Then who is Conner (I know Detroit: Become Human is a old series but still... :p)
I would call the snow fox swifter
You can  float over water with hank
YES!!! FINALLY!! Ive been waiting for this and have been avoiding every other youtubers sbz play through because i love experiencing it for the first time with jack!!
jack: Oh god can you even fit
Me an 18 year old: that's what she said
Name it SnowFox Scott
Why is my hover bike bugged, it moves a a snails pace
Jack said can I scan them and gets bit at  the start then he said I'm going to keep a safe distance
Go Jacksepticeye your a YouTube Legend.

I love your videos every single day.
Jack- has technology to 3D print a hover craft "It takes forever though"
Now it's big super scary danger noodle time
Jack, you should put your facecam on the right for next episode
He believes. He believes.......IN STEVE!!!
I'm writing a gigantic book about you with pictures and it's amazing! But I don't know how to send it to you ((
big shrimp////
snowfox: putting the nauseous in Subnauseous
I want to watch more of this but I’ve already watched all of subnatica
Slower vids, like what you like/use to do, is what i use to like about old youtube, before it went to shit and didnt care about its content creators
jack that lubracant and battery was from your dead body
Snow fox Larry
The Snow... WHAT Jack?
“She looks like a diner but handles like a bistro” 
my boyfriend who wasn’t even watching the video spit his water out.
So so sooooo happy this series is continuing! I've been DYING to see more of subnautica! Thanksssss jack!♡♡
The jse anthem is all the way
Why does he always shout just as I’m sneaking past my parents bedroom at 4 am haha😂
Jack build bike at 27:44
Name it sophie the snow fox
Jack there are 12 secret units located within several maps in the game. 

Like so Sean can see lol
RODGER SAW HIS NECK! AND YOU KNOW WHAT HE SAID? ad Its free real estate

Chokes on water
Jack Imagine firework hwachas...





That would be so much fun
"Roger saw his neck, and do you know what he said?"
His advertisement summoning spell apparently
Why did you stop the “wooompsh!” Smacking intro? I loved it.
Jack there are 12 secret units (weapons that represent units) located within several maps in the game!

Btw take off the tape off your chair please the game show is a lot harder now 😰
Jack, what if the real background behind the fake background is also a fake? Double Green Screens!
*Jack,sees deformed knight
*deformed knight
Tiss but a flesh wound!
"don't retreat, just fight better" - jacksepticeye, 2019
8:18
Jack: Rodger saw his neck and you know what he said?
Ad: I'm a close talker
Jack there are secret units in the game UNLOCK THEM 
Like this post so it gets to the top and jack sees it thnx
Real: Dark and mines are clear
Fake: Blurry and lighter than usual
HAH GOTEM
15:08 

The mass executions of Catholics by the Tokugawa rule 

1600 AD
1 Mace Spinner 10 Cheerleader = Tornado
Roger + 10 Cheerleader = Roger will shoot more arrows
10 Shougun vs 100 Squire
16:56
End credits
staring jacksepticeye, roger, steven


GOODNIGHT EVERYBODY
Jack! There are SECRET UNITS in the game! You gotta go find their weapons hidden on the maps! They're insane!!!
YESYESYESYESYES

JACK MADE MY FAVORITE DARK SOULS REFERENCE
10 seconds in and I regret wearing headphones 





Jack, are you losing your voice or something?
Real BG


Also, who's nose is bigger? the Tengu warrior guy or Leo's? (a Way out)
How many Stephens and Rogers are there? They tend to die alot
Hey Jack, have you found the secret units? The Executioner, Artemis, Mace Spinner, Samurai Giant, and possibly more. You have to freecam around the maps and look, I mean really look, for their hidden weapons. Please like so Jack sees this.
I dare Jack to say I BELIVE, I BELIVE IN STEVEN IN STEVEN OH YEAH IN STEEVEN GRAB THE GLORY ALL THE WAY TO VICTORY
Oh shit, they deflect arrows? DEFLECT THIS MOTHERF
Rodger saw his neck and said ,”There’s an epidemic spreading.”
how about 1 ninja that deflecting arrows and them group of wacha thingy.. idk
Jack you need find all the secret units. Such as - Artemis,Ice Giant, Samurai Giant and much more.
You have to go freecam to find them, they are hidden on different maps. Please like so Jack can see.
12:29 this man is doing pull-ups to get ready
Jack try to find those secret units they are hidden in every map you will have so much fun with those secret units
When you haven't watched end game and Jack says something 

Clicked off
Spelling: Dynasty
Pronounciation: Die na sty
Jack: DInNaStY
There are 12 secret unit around the maps
3 on the dynasty 
3 on medival
1 on viking map (not the big gate)
1 on greece sandbox
1 on farmer map (dont know which)
1 on greece city
1 on tribal (dont know which)
1 on greece castle
“I just wanna see bodies fly”
Jacksepticeye 2019
Put in the sandbox :farmers vs vikings
30 firework archers vs 100 halflings.... Just because ;)
Jack: Let it fly!
Me: Let it rip!!!
Jack, i'm not sure are you aware, but there's a whole bunch of secret units in the game that you can find across all the maps.
Jack:Roger saw his neck-
[ad starts]
WENDY’S BIGGIE BAG
That 1 gay guy and his bi friend (2:37)
Fake
Edit heckers yeah
They should rename the firework archers to the beyblade boys
Jack, there are secret units in the game which you have to find by exploring the maps.
🔫👨‍🦲
This is Roger at shooting practice.
⚙️👨‍🦲
This is Steven at catapult practice.
👨‍🦲🗡🤴
This is the King at sword fighting.

This is the army’s daily life.
Hang about, he called himself the Gaelic Warrior!


That's not the real Jackaboy! He's known as the Gaelic GLADIATOR!
IMPERIAL FORCE DEFIED FACING 500 SAMURAI, SURROUNDED AND OUTNUMBERED 60 TO 1 THE SWORD FACE THE GUN!!!!!!
Jack a boy there are Secret characters you got to fine have fun 🤫
Jack there are 12 secret units in the game. Use the free cam to find the hidden weapons in the sandbox maps. Can you find them all?

Like so Jack can see.❤
Firework Archers vs. 1 Mammoth
I thought it was a still image when the countdown started for his real or fame background 😂 is it real though?
Roger saw his neck.... and he said: get cars for 50% off at your local Honda dealership 

What is this world coming to?
2080ti crippled by low poly game :(
Jack You Should Try To Find All The Hidden Units In TABS, They Are Pretty Fun to Use
When custom units option comes up make Kratos and Atreus if possible
This is still my favourite episode in totally accurate battle simulator
8:16 Rodger! Rodger saw his neck and you know what he said? 
An add pops up. 
Me: okay, I'm reading through the comments.
Jack:
Looks at priest's croch

"OH THATS FANTASTIC"
Hey jack, I'm surprised you haven't found the secret units yet

 The Mace Spinner, and Executioner from the medieval maps.
 

Artemis and Teacher from the Greek areas
 

Tree giant from the farmer areas (I think) 
 

Samurai giant, shogun, and sensei from the new dynasty map. 


 Snow giant from the Viking area

 And the Cheerleaders from one of the Stone Age maps

You can find them when you look around during the deployment phase, just find their weapons.

(like so jack sees it)
HE DIEEEEED😂😭😭😭
Fake background hahaha person said I'm the real Ultimate jacksepticeye fan not to be weird LOL
A million of each troop vs 1 chuck norris. (the catch: there can only be 1 chuck norris on the battle field)
“Ooooohhhhh Roger saw his neck, and you know what he said?”
“So with a Nationwide-“
Jack there is new secret units in tabs there are 12 you need to find there weapon in medival1 medival2 ancient 1 ancient sandbox tribal1 viking1 dynasty farmer 1
Before: fake 
After: I got it right!
FAAAKE, BACKGROUND!!
Edit: 14:24 just having a blast 🤣
11:40 was legit pretty and full of enjoyment lmao
JACK THERE ARE SPECIAL UNITS HIDDEN IN THE MAPS GO LOOK FOR THEM
Give Sean a place in the army

No,not to battle or to plan

Just make him do an inspirational speech and you already won
1:54 Sammy the Sonic fan reference
Where the fork is "TOP O' DA MORNIN' TO YA LADDIES"?!
Edit: Oh, he did it later! Yes!!
Jack: THAT'S A LOT OF NUTS

Me: YOU WANT FRIES WITH THAT

Kung Pow is the best.
when your a minute early to a jacksepticeye tabs video
I think it was real background tho
I was hoping like a bunch of firework-dudes Vs. 1 ..like .. I dunno.. king? Or no! Omg! 1 Mammoth!!!!! Do it please!
And also whatchas(?) Vs. Valkiries(?)
Ad pops up: Hustle Castle: Make your own castle! Jack: it's free real estate
Jack, you should have 100s of priests boosting one peasant
Dynasty (Die-nis-tea) ps 9 more hidden units
You should find all the secret units, I think you'll like what a bunch of cheerleaders do to a hwacha.
And that is how the mammoth went extinct
that background is real
In tabs do 5 ice giants vs 5 mammoths
Hey Sean, love the vids. How about firework arrows against the mammoths to see if they go flying.
GET THE SECRET UNITS!! They're extremely fun to play with :)
Hey how about fireworks against mammoths?
That’s 3 overwatch maps smushed together it’s Hanamura, Iliois and the second stage of Nepal BTW fake background
"You know what he said?" 


Then an ad popped up
“Hold on there’s a din-nasty campaign!”
😂
Everybody: Jack, look out for secret units.

Jack: STEVE! ROGER! ONWAAAAAARD!!!!
Mammoth vs. fireworks like if you wanna see that too!
Jack: I don't have DRAGONS.
Me: You could have a god. ARTEMIS.
the broken lamp gives away if it's real or fake
"Be a Roger not a Steve."
- Jacksepticeye
Jack please unlock all the secret units. You are gonna love it.
"OH my god its like  a weird disco!!" -Jacksepticeye 2019
This is the way TABS should be played 👍👑
I love all the references!!!!
Hey jack u should sing more offten
Jack, if you didn't know theres secret units. They're 12 secret units
8:08 9:41 No Context, Just Timestamp.
Better give up that YouTube licence
Jack. There's hidden weapons on the maps, that unlock new units! Try find them :D
Especially, try find the teacher!
Explosive arrows v mammoth (any number of each) lmao
There is secret units in tabs please look for them in sandbox maps
Feka



Means real and fake 
DID HE JUST SAID MYTHBUSTERS...THATS MY FAV SHOW!!
At 16:51 what was that? (Irish folk tune??)
There is a ton of secret units here’s the list I know:
Artimis,mace spinner,executioner,ice giant,shogun,sensi,samurai giant,tree giant
LITTLE DID JACK KNOW...







THERE ARE SECRET UNITS IN THE GAME.
I Love The Quiet Fireworks!!!
FIND THE SECRET UNITS JACK     I BELIEVE IN YOUUU!!!!!
Fake background. Calling it here.



Spoiler
I was correct. Yay?
"Roger looked at his neck, and you know what he said?" (ad plays) 'my social security number is...'
There are 12 secret characters!
Some are rather boring, but a lot of em are extremely fun.
Especially the mace spinner and the cheerleader!
Putting tons of cheerleaders near a mace spinner or a hwacha brings ultimate destruction to the enemy.
Fake your head has a slllight outline to it, and I believe that you are using the old timey effect to mask that.
Edit: well, not you but Robin.
Speaking of overwatch, Jack please start uploading more overwatch.
i loved when you played it, but now you dont and now im sadboy
8:16 “and you know what he said”
Me: ADS😤🤬😡😠
16:08 "what happened to you"

Me: jesus took him to heaven
A good reason the damn mammoths went extinct 

THEY TOOK A MILLION ARROWS TO THE FACE
Jack: like cornflakes and milk. There is no better combo. 
Me: looks down at my corn flakes and milks thanks? 
(True story.)
Snake Whatchas
Jack! You should do teachers vs some Templar knights or whatever they're called
4:50 
im waiting for that licence jack
JACK I HOPE YOU KNOW THERE ARE SECRET CHARACTERS  INCLUDING THE NINJA PEOPLE
8:16: Jack: "Roger saw his neck and ya know what he said?
            Ad plays
            Me: WHAT!? NO! What did he say!? Shakes computer screen WHAT DID HE SAAAYY!?
I with too see firework archers vs mammoth
Bone Mage and The hole , yeah sounds like you’re talking about sexy time
Damn Boruto’s wild
Yo jack there are secret units, find weapons in some maps, BTW one's a tree
Teachers predicte other sword holders
Real background. If I'm wrong, please don't make me frontline.
Me when Sean pronounces dynasty wrong


"Hey kid wanna get slapped"
Perks of being an adult: Oreos for breakfast
Cons of being an adult: paying for the Oreos
Firework shooters=20 vs shield =1
OK FIRST OFF
STEVEN! WHOS IS THAT
SECOND! WHERE WAS HE FROM? MOVIE OF SHOW
answers now
8:09
And
9:41


I'm sorry again again
Jack: roger saw his neck and you know what he said? 

pepsi advertisement
you forgot the 12 secret characters jacksepiticeye theirs ninja stars on top of the dojo in the dynasty map and thats unlocks the sensi and a samarye sword under the dynasty map that unlocks the samriye giant and double bow and arrows on top the tower in Greek map that unlocks Artemis and many more secret characters all you do is look at the weapon then you unlock the secret character
Btw Balista is OP they do a lot of damage and go watch captainsauce’s video to find all secret units
Jack is ur hair turning gray?!
3:43
Solaire approves this message!
roger: sees a neck

neck:

roger: I T ' S   F R E E   R E A L   E S T A T E .
JACK FIND THE SECRET UNITSS, WATCH A TUTORIAL IF YOU NEED
11:35 made me so happy him singing was just amazing
i'd LOVE to see a bunch of firework dudes vs more firework dudes.
Yeeeeeer love
A priest singing rocket man


Irony 10000000
You will never see this, but there are new secret units that you can find in certain maps. Also fake background, it's ALWAYS FAKE JACK, YOU CAN'T HIDE FROM US!
Legend has it the knight is still falling to this day still holding the ninja star
2:30  it's an army of swaggersouls
Jack its pronounced: die-nes-tea
I want more games built on this engine. I would love to play more games that look like this. I love the art style <3
Jack there are secret weapons in maps to unlock secret units but they're hidden like so Jack can see
There are new uniys (secret) 
1. Ice giant - Viking 1
2. Tree giant - Medieval 2
3. Fanner - Ancient Sandbox
4. Samurai Giant,  Shogun,  and Sensei - Dynasty Map
5.Dragon Wheelbarrow - Farmer 1
6 - 9  -   Can you find them?, Jack?
You said my name  like 40mil times my name is Roger
I was honestly hoping Jack would put the firework archers against the mammoths to see them fly...
You should do 30 firework archers vs 5 mammoths
There are secret units in tabs can you do a video or two on them pls
That's my secret Cap, I'm always yelling.
6:07 You genius Mother Roger XD
It looks like Busan: Sanctuary (I think)
Who will win 

One million arrows

VS



One big boi
Mammoth vs the archer spin-a-ru guys
Hey Sean deltarune is there any dlc or updates for it yet.

Have you forgotten.
Firework archers vs firework archers
Can a mammoth fly from the firework archers?
Jack you have not unlocked everything there are secret units at some levels like the icegiant and the Ninja master
It's pronounced DIE-NIS-TEA!
We need to see how many firework archers it takes to make a mammoth fly.
ok i'm not kidding i literally make that hwacha doing joke right before jack did.
Firework archers vs 1 mammoth
jack there are 12 secret units in the game 


Like so jack can see
real the lamps broken
Real backround.
Jack you've convinced me to name my kids Roger and Steve.
.......
Coke sponser him
Love how jack disappears from the web cam when taking up the screen 😂
17:04 Ancient poaching (1451, colorised)
Mammoth=Me about to pass my classes     Arrows= My finals grades coming in on the last day of school
I honestly lost it during the countdown when he started talking cause I really thought it was a still image XD
Anybody notice that thr count down show showed five twice?




Just wondering.
When you whatch the video before the notification
I AM SPEED
Dude it’s pronounced D-i-nesty
Hey jack...where's your outro?
3:46 If he had Solaire’s armor, it would be perfect
Roger saw his neck and said: Sprint ad comes on
The Gaelic Gladiator 
The Celtic Crusader
The Shamrock Shinobi 
The....Jacksepticeye!!
Fire work archers vs mammoths I wana see a mammoth fly
The Dab screams are hilarious 🤣🤣🤣🤣
4:15 u callin stoners stupid?!?! Lol jk
Ur such a murderer
JACK! There are secret units find their weapons to unlock them
6:15 I'm guessing it's the fake background
13:25 totally not 4:20 am here when he says that
Jack can u find the 12 secret units plz
U hav to find their weapons they r in different maps
My dude there are secret weapons around maps if you find them you get new troops like the the gigantic samurai
I heard Sean yelling “Steve” and I automatically got nostalgia from happy wheels ;-;
REAL BACKROUND
Fire works vs haches
Do a Attack on titan in the sandbox
8:16 "Roger saw his neck, and you know what he said!?"
 (Ad plays)
Roger saw his neck! And you know What he said? DUCK GAME!
Nobody:

Sean: dinnesty
hey Jack can you do one caveman and like 50 firework archers and see how high it can go in the air
17:40 that's 300 all over again😂😂😂
Mommy why is that man screaming in front of the coke factory 

He needs the support honey
robin's editing is too good.
wow.
I think its a real backround
I got the reference from the simsimons
A MILLION FIREWORK ARROWS VS 1 MAMOTH
I just found out that there’s an accessory for Kano in Mortal Kombat 11 THATS called “Jacks Epic Eye”
OH YES don't mind that sleeping samurai 2:12
Fake background update I got it right 😁😋
Mammoth and firework archers
100% fake background
"At least he died doing what he loved, PRAISE THE SUN" -jacksepticeye
Remember to pick up a free mammoth pincushion with your purchase of opposing huachas and mammoths
do bout 50 priests on one bull vs 100 hobbits
Do a giant war between all giants
At 8:16 when he said that ,I got an ad that said “What would you do for a Kondike bar.”😂😂
This will be a strange thing..
Like if you say Dynasty as (Die-Nas-Tee)
Reply if you say Dynasty as (Dinn-Es-Tee)

Im looking forward to the answers!
Just liked the video!
You got tricked or not? 

Read more
Which background is it? Let's see...
Is the outside edge of Jack's hand fuzzy?
YES
Then It's fake :D
Is it not?

Then It's real :D
All at one mammoth reminded me of a scene from Heroes!
Jack’s been gone for so long he missed all 12 secret units!
RIP my eardrums 😭
Never heard someone pronounce dynasty (die-nah-stee) as den-nah-stee, until now.
Crap ten seconds, crap uh uH POTATO
Could you imagine an Artemis that shoots firework arrows?
You should lookout for the secrete units. Also use the cheerleaders with the mace spinner(their both secret units).
You put them too close always!
SATISFACTORY???where.....
A lot firework archers vs another lot of firework archers.
Bow down to the almighty Meme Lord
Jack: notices fire arrows exploding, but not the fire breathing dragon
Its a fake background
~ can the "Samurai" deflect "Hwacha" arrows...?
8:16
He said let there be ADS
10 mammoths vs ice giants bro
AHA
I KNEW IT WAS FAKE
Can’t fool us, Jackaboy
10:47: Imagine Alvin just shows up from Telltale Walking Dead. "He fell off the damn bridge?!" XD
priests vs priests
8:34 is that a Toby on the Tele reference?
Artemis with 2 cheerleaders vs zeus
The background is fake 
0:28 (slow it to 0.25) (the hand)
Jack there hidden units all around the map collect them!
mammoth vs firework arrows do it
Jack saw his neck and u know what he said AN AD COMES UP After ad IT FREE REAL ESTATE
Jack can sing!?😂👆🤘
11:40
Is it just me or does he go a 1000x more Irish whenever he plays TABS?
One mammoth vs Steve
It's always real
Can we just appreciate his singing tho! 👌🏾👌🏾❤️ 11:41-11:45
In 11:27 that apple Yikes! 😬
Jack go to the TOP of the house in Japan.there was a special unit there
MAKE
MAMMOTH 
FLY
Roger saw his neck and "summer is here!"
RIP this guy used to be such a good YouTuber.
"Which background is it?"
0:00 literally comes onto the background
Fake background. In the beginning of the vid he was cropped out
When Jack said, you know what he said? An add popped up and said DUCK GAME!!!!
Ple mincraft plz jack
Roger saw that neck and he said.... 100% Aussie wagyu beef burger now available at maccas
hey hey jack! why don't you try to find the secret weapons there so that you can have some secret army~!
Fake Background
54543??? The timer is onto something... some kind of code...
The sheer derp of TABS is its greatest strength.
Real background
You should do secret characters and monkey king
The green screen at the the beginning! Lmao. wtf
Real backround
You should do a huacha vs a arrow deflecter
I'm surprised you don't have Artemis
Find secret units Jack !!!!!!!!
I knew that it was a fake background from the beginning
4:35 Gesundheit.
Firework arrows v mammoth!
Roger saw the neck and said. The next generation of galaxy
Jack imitates the squealing kid so well.
Jack, look for the hidden faction, there are hidden weapons on some of the maps and thats how u unlock them
From what the ad said, Roger said "The succulent taste of a Wagoo beef burger. No clue how the wagoo is meant to be spelt.
He said raid shadow legends
see how many firework arrows takes to fly a mammoth
There should be some secret weapons on the new map they should be swords look for them
RIP HEADPHONE USERS...

Jack: HE DAAAAAAAB!


Me: JESUS! WHAT THE HELL?
I want to see a million firework arrows against a mamoth
The first fight look like a game of For honor
Dynasty is pronounced die-nasty, not dih-nisty
real background!
Aunty what is that noise?
That my nephew is the battle cry of the Gaelic gladiator of the Septic Army
15:06 is this going to be North Korea new weapon?




 yup




North Korea other new weapon 
10:54: Man, what a hero. A moment of silence for our fallen hero... Ok back to the game.
Hitting the like button purely for The Godfather reference.
19:03 poke
AAAAAH MY EYE!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey Jack,
Find the secret weapons in sandbox mode to unlock the secret characters
fake background
When I watch ur videos my eyes hurt because I don't want to blink love the vids keep it up
Take background
Steve + Roger =red victory
please unlock the secret units by finding weapons in the map
There's a tad bit of green in your aura. All i have to do is look for a bit of edge blur, that'll tell me it's fake BG
Jack there are 12 secret units please find them and post a video with them
12:42 Jack's amazing singing voice
His chairs not green, hence, he’s not using real background
JACKK!! (..or sean..) There are new secret units that you should check out! There are Giant Samurais, Ice Giant, Tree Giant, Sensei and more!
The grey hair is coming
I love when he sings
hey in 10:00 look on the bridge in the backround just demolished.
Real background
"And just remember!"
"Be a Roger, NOT a Steve!"
-jacksepticeye 2019
Its a reel backround
Dad you should check under the map under the Samurai sometimes his hidden swords give you secret characters and I knew you was fake I seen ur videos too much and that's a good thing
8:17 It’S fReE rEaL eStAtE
Play dark deception!
How the mammoth is extinct


A Billion arrows went through their faces
RODGER SAW HIS NECK, AND WHAT DID HE DO? *Add
8:17 quality content
Tree giant vs fire work archers
At 6:12 I swear I thought he was standin still and the he said he wasn't and I was like NANI?!?!?!?
Jack: Roger saw his neck, and he said...
Ad: Thanks for taking me out to dinner
Huatcha V Huatcha
Mano e Mano
It's free realestate lol
Jack this is TABS 9 not the other one, good try
'' That's a big mammoth butt in my face right now''

~Jacksepticeye 2019
oh my god I just got a Pepsi Zero sugar ad, looks like its time to choose sides
there was already a 9 episode
But.... I am a steve.... 😭😭😭😭
Because I'm free, free falling
Aight everyone, to clear the confusion (or I might be dumb), the whacha thing he was saying at 12:15, is an old korean weapon that shoots hundreds of arrow and was used in the wars in the old days.


Like so other people can see please :)
A billions firework archer against one mammoth
These priests are high literary
Fake Background???
the way he pronounces dynasty though.....
Get the secret units by collecting the swords on dynasty and whatever else
I would like to see both sides completely full of the firework archers
WHY IS THE LIGHT YELLOW
Apparently roger said You're going back to school





stupid ads...
It's free real estate and HE DABBED
fake??? JACK THERE ARE SPECIAL UNITS HIDDEN IN THE MAPS GO LOOK FOR THEM
Secret characters get them all one is a giant Samurai
10:08 SNAKE!!!
CLICK BAIT! The title says a mammoth it was 5 mammoths
looks like a map in overwatch? cmon jack that is clearly a easter egg of the duel map from chivalry with the hole in the middle xD
“Be a roger, not a Steve.”  -Jacksepticeye 2019
ReL
Nice beard Jack
It's ForHonor all over again!
Gaelic gladiator and celtic shamrock samurai
Jack: YOUTUBE MEAN'S NOTHING ANYMORE
30second later
Also Jack: Oh hey
That background is definitely fake. Look at his movements and the chair
YOULL NEVER GET ME I CAN RUN
Deus vult !!!
Remember when roger used a shield
I feel slightly more american whenever he says din-nas-ty
For the time you've been gone Sean I have been leading the gladiators and Steven has been in the shame corner at camp
why is jack singing actually decent it scares me
Jack called them NinJews
Realbackround look at the broken light
"Why aren't you got fire arrows?" - Jacksepticeye 2019
Anyone ever tell you that you are looking more and more like Baldur from god of war ?
“Dentisty”
I think it's a fake background
You do know if you have a problem with who jack is using then buy the game and play yourself.
JaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAACK!
There’re secret weapons around the maps that you can get!
make a mamoth fly!
I got a rocket man add on this video... maybe because you said it
Real background
Real background
I Was Once A Mammoth Until I Took A Hundred Arrows To The Knee
it's F.A.K.E
Itd be funny if tabs had a holy diver unit
It’s pronounced (DY-na-sty)
8:15 when he said u know what roger said when he saw his neck and a ad started playing I it made me laugh so I'm happy.
put one ballista and just surround it with cheerleaders, and you get a ballista machine gun
Are you trying to bring the dab back to life? Also........HE DAAAAAAAAAABED!!!
fake background?
Real background
Real background
Mammoth vs a million of fireworks archers 🤣🤣🤣



This will be fun
50 caveman vs 2 or 3 mammoths
Finally Jack listens to us/ comments
Omg I miss you so much
Fake background
Jacksepticeye:
Great shot, Roger!
Archer:
Oh come on! Why does Roger get all the praise? He didn't even do anything!
i kinda just got here after a few old vids but seriously, he looks like the young shia lebeouf
Dragon vs mammoth
nope, I know already some your background I can read analyze for background. don't fool me 
I am so smart. >:3
video starts 
me: looks at little section were he always is 
Jack: * appears from the right* TO LONG!!!
Me: AAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!
Secret units
Jack has no idea who's the monkey King ?

He rly doesn't have a single clue about Chinese stuff, does he?
(Note, I hope this comment doesn't somehow make someone mad and start a war in the replies section)
Does Jack have a man bun? Please say yes.
nice beard bro
If you look around the map you can find weapons which if you stare at them you get a new unit.
Its real!!!!!
"denasty" dynasty sounds line dine-asty
the background was actually real cuz he pulled the screen down and not up i mean sure everyone noticed but still
All you hear at 2:21 is "CRUSADE!!!"
JACK!? Firework Arrows VS Arrow Swatting Samurai!
you should put a monkey king up against stuff, you'll love it
Me:To long,to long have i been gone 2 days 3 videos WTF
Use all the characters u have in one game one or two each lol
Ah yes, the ds reference
jack youre the best also theres a secret 12 units in the game go to sandbox and find them good luck😄
we dont ech we say HECH- still doesn't make sense SEAN!!!. what ya meant was we dont say wha-- we say HWHA!
Some people just wanna watch the world burn. Jack is one of them.
HE looks like john seed from far cry 5
Just go into the sandbox to play with the dynasty bois
I love how Jack hasn't found ANY of the secret units.
Haku only had tooth pics
1:22 minutes until the actual game
Real Background
RIP little snake :(
Jack there are so many secret units in the map. 

Like so Jack sees
fake
background
8:04
9:38
You abandoned satisfactory
May The Fourth Be With You
I'll say it again lol. You should try using the ballista more. Stephen and Roger's long lost brother needs some spotlight. Also the ballista can at times (depending on the situation) be better than the catapult.






Like so Sean a.k.a Jack sees? Lol
Where’s the top of the morning?
Fake background lol
real backround
real backround
Jack look for the secret guys that landfall hid on different maps. You need to find their weapons!
you can go into any sandbox and use any unit
Not only did they kill you but, THEY DAAAABBED
10:53 Good night to the knight.
Try to find the secret unitssssssss my fav secret unit is the “Cheerleader”
There's like only 4 comments that don't mention the secret units😂😂😂😂
JACK meme
The real reason why mammoths are extinct: an Irish dude who destroys them with arrows.
Was it just me or did the great knight have the saddest most sad death ever?
fAkE  BACKGROUND!!!
Roger saw that guys neck, and you know what he said?
A&W ad comes on: That burger is only $3.50 right now
Firework WHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHATCHES
Do preists vs preasts
Do a secret unit video
Preachers! At the disco
Jack there's secrecy units find them by looking at wepons like In the dynasty map in the hole there's a sword
1 whatchit VS 1 peasant and max priests.
ITS 
FAKE!
For honour 2 looks good
Hey Jack how many firework arrows does it take to make a mammoth fly
I hate to be that guy but I think it’s pronounced ( die-nasty) not (den-isty)
real backround
Real background
Real background
Real background
Can you put 1 Ice Giant against 50 Fireworks Archers?
Real background
Real back ground
12 secret units
GET THE 12 SECRET UNITS HIDDEN AROUND THE MAP  Tip Press F to look around the Map you will need it

Medieval Map 1 In forest axe on Tree trunk
Ancient Map 1 Lighthouse bow 
Medieval Map 3   the tower to the right look inside to find unit
Dynasty Map  Roof of Building 
Dynasty Map  Past the building on a tree root on cliff 
Dynasty Map.  down the hole then look around to find a sword near the edge 
Tribal 1 Map   When spawn head straight and a little to the left to find a furry thing on a stump near the edge of the world and look at it to get it
Ancient Sandbox   Map when spawn look straight down and look to the left and on near ruined stairs you should find a Fan
Ancient 2 Map    Head straight when spawn and down to the right on the second layer of the whatever that building that is and should she a small statue in front of it there is a sword 
Farmer 1 Map.  when spawn head right to see a strange group of trees on the edge of the Map in the middle you should see a head of a dragon look at it to pick it up
Medieval 1 Map   head left to the edge, you should be in the bottom left corner there would be a tree there don’t worry just look at it and it will start glowing 
Viking 1   head straight down and to the left if you look on the ground you should see a blue head look at it to pick it up
That should be it :)
At 5:12 I realized I've been watching the game grumps too much when he said you're the brave boy I was waiting for him to say something along the lines of you're the Video Game Boy you're the one who wins
my quess is fake but i feel like it is real this time for once
fake background
Shave your beard Jack!
Our arrows will blot out the sun

Mammoth- uh oh
*kid drowns in a pool of chocolate

Oompa loompas: 16:33
8:52 Hwacha got, Nothin' (get it cuz blue got a  hwacha and Jack combine what you got and Hwacha)
How about king & priests vs king & priests?
Oh man. I just binged the first 8 episodes, I finally get the time to watch this one and you just uploaded another one!!!! I love this series so much!!!!!
These are my favorite vids keep up the good work Jack!!
Secret units
you gotta realize that humans literally hunted mammoths to extinction, like they went extinct a few hundred years ago like when trains started to be a thing
Samurai can block arrows isn’t that cool
real
Jack do a video on secret units in TABS by the way I love your videos😘😘💯👏🏻
Samurai......Jack......
17:35 @peta
real
F in the chat for all the Steves out there
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took a million arrows in the knee.
Jack needs to find the secret units.
Look around the map to unlock the samurai and ninjas jack
Fack
Who would of thought jack would say my name 10:42
in the dynasty map there is three secret units

#1 sensei  top of the temple
#2 shogun it's with the lonely tree near the edge
#3 samurai giant under the big hole
They should make a person that looks like jack and call him the Gaelic Gladiator and he drinks a septic juice potion and then he yells and blasts back the enemies.
Its green screen i didn’t cheat
" Look at how they massacred my boy"... Oh my god Jack, thanks for being one of the very few on YT today to make a reference to The Godfather! :)
You not see katana front you (at samurai counter your snake like sword in stone but this katana in root to get the secret unit look to the weapon for 1-3 minute
TABS needs a class of Irish warriors where the sound is just Jack screaming.
YOu'd BEtter HwacHA Out Jack
You should re-create the scene in 300 where all the arrows fire at the Spartans.
Fake background
Fake background
There are hidden types of troops on different levels you can unlock
what i wasn't paying attention
fake backround
fake background
Real
Jack: Dih-nuh-stee 
Me: Its DIEnasty.
Fake background
BRING BACK ANTI
background = fake
Is Jack getting gray??
there is a secret below the map its a sword. its stuck on the Dynasty Island
Like so jack can see!
One of everything
XD 999,999 views
I want to see what the Monkey King can do in battle and I want to see a Dragon in battle again because you didn’t focus on it properly.
haven't watched u in a while but that is one sexy beard
Jack. U should unlock all the new peeps.
fake background
GET THE 12 SECRET UNITS TI MAKES THE GAME FUNNER
FOR ROGER!
fake background
JACK"roger saw his neck and you know what he said"
AD STARTS PLAYING
ME"im waiting"
11:40
I like your little ponytail Jack🙃
I feel like this is a personal attack....I'm a good person...Stephen is good....
i could go down on some oreos right now
Jack gets arrested for mammoth abuse and roger commits suicide by catipult
Someone meme 13:23
Take background
i saw the secret unit at one part did u see it jack its in the hole
"Rodger saw his neck and you know what he said?!"
<Advertisement>
FAKE BACKROUND!
19:06 every steve unsubs (or changes their name to rodger)
Real backround
Real backround
Jack:look at all those priests
Me:LOOK AT ALL THOSE CHICKENS
Real backroune
You have to find them in different maps sean
17:40 that still only counts as one
DYNSTAY
Me: when's someone gonna tell jack there're secret units..?
Reads this comment section
Me: oh, guess I can't make a comment now
Makes a meme instead
Plz get the green hair back
Take a shot for everytime Jack yells "They or he dabbed"
Fake bacround
HWAARR CHERRS
Jack, i really think you should get back to playing sea of thieves cause there was a really big update and its really fun now. There's a new arena mode (kinda like battle royale), more islands, more food, fishing and a whole story mode. Well its more of a series of quests but its really fun. Go talk to the mysterious stranger in any outpost and he will present it to you ;)
Jack you should play tabs with H2O delirious would be a funny video
Im still angry that he has a beard
Rip steven
FOR HONOR
Its kinda weird that other youtubers playing tabs finds out Secret units but then JACK, Jack has no idea
Call the stoners Shaggy
fake background
fake background
fake background
Okay, now think of this hwacha scenario within the actual historic timeline.
Seriously, during this era, this weapon was freaking terrifying!
Real because how else can he write LAUGH
Super roger
fake background
12 actially
Thar be sacrets units ger find em jackaboy
He has a ponytail
Pronounced die-nah-stee
Everything vs everything
⭐️
When you realize Jack missed not one, but two secrets:

HE DABBED!!!!!!!!
3:49 ninjews... jacksepticeye 2019 everyone!👌👌👌👌👌👌
real background
Get the secret units
Jack laughs at dead things now. 17:38
Jack: Firework archers vs. mammoths. I needs me some spinning airborne ephalants!
I say it is fake
Um Jack I don’t think Fermanagh is in Ireland
YouTube is trying to tell me something half way through I get an Irish springs ad
Real backround
Hey dudes welcome back to HAPPY WHEELS! EP 1 ...... nostolsia
What's that noise 5:36
They should add guns
Fake background!
Real backround
JACK THERE LIKE TWENTY SECRET OP UNITS YOU CAN FINED THEM BY FINDING THERE WEAPONS IN THE MAPS AND ALSO THERE THESE CHEERLEADERS THAT ARE VERY SPECIAL BECAUSE THE INCREASE ATTACK SPEED AND IT STACKS SO YOU CAN CREATE BALLISTA MACHINES GUNS
It's like Just Cause 4, but all over again.
The monkey king is Sun Wukong. Journey to the west anyone?
FIND THE SECRETS!!!
10:53 HE DABBED
Hwacha vs Arrow Swatting Samurai!!!! Also use freecam to look for secret units!!! (Like so Jack sees this!!!)
Real back round
Fake background
Fake background
WHO ARE YOU?!!! WHAT HAPPENED TO THE OLD JACK!? I RETURN TO SEE HIM AGAIN BUT SEE THIS MAN HERE!
Jack: roger saw his neck and do you know what he said?!
Ad: what, they do wraps?
Wait? #9 on this as well as the secret units?  Umm, Jack? What's going on?
Fake background
IT IS REAL
"You don't even have names, you are not a steven or roger." 
Jacksepticeye 2019
Dragon vs
The monkey king is sun wu Kong
I want to see firework hwatchas
this is almost on 1M views lol.
Jack the creators of Franbow have another game called Little Misfortune. It's still kinda a demo(?) But just look out for it~
Real
The secret units are not secret anymore
He should make the 300 scene where leonidas gets filled with arrows
0:00 Felix’s Camera
Jack their are secret units. You need to find a weapon on each map and stare at it till you get a thing on your screen!
There is a secret unit under the hole
You should take the tree giant against some of that old rocket launchers
Jack have you not learned you need to find hidden weapons and stuff around the maps to unlock the dynesty characters
No bake rawnd
There’s 9 new units 
3 in Dynasty 
2 in Ancient 
1 in Tribal 
1 in Viking  
1 in Farm 
1 in Medieval
(Sorry if the names are wrong)
Edited:If you find the secret unit Cheerleader put 50 of them with 1 mace spinner against I don’t know you do you Jack
Edited 2:Ok since Jack didn’t find the other 3 
2 in Medieval 
1in Ancient
Try putting Viking boats in water just to see what happens
REAL BACKGROUND
I really want to know what samurais vs hwachas would look like!!
Is it just me or is jack getting old😢😢😢
8:16 
Jack: "ROGER SAW HIS NECK, AND YA KNOW WHAT HE SAID?!?!?" 
Nintendo ad: NOC
Wasnt that marks Background
too long too long
More!!!
I didnt watch jack in a year, can say i was surprised by his new hairstyle. Its amazing!
U know there’s an update for Subnautica below zero....
I thought the Irish didn’t pronounce the H like three & Irish say tree
8:18: GOD DANMIT JACK! XD
almost a million views c:
Real background, fake background, honestly who cares?
Look jack I like your accent but the way you say “dynasty” is starting to weird me out 😂
The monkey king is wukong
10:53 the knight dabbed
real/fake
It's not di-nasty it's die-n-u-sty
Real
Fake background
The monkey king is a movie jack
Fake background
Mammoth: why are we here.. just to suffer
Fake background
Fake background
Fake background
Fake background
I gotta stop putting headphones, You never know when someone’s gonna DAB
Fake background
Fake background
Fake background
Fake background
its obvious its a fake background because of that greenscreen intro
Fake background
Fake background
Fake background
Can you try...
Some halaches and some other halaches? I would like to see who would die first... 😐 😐 😐
Jack! You should totally try the firework archers against dragons, in the sandbox! It's going to break everything haha
SECRET
Read the titles so you can get some hints on where some of the units are gonna be or what the level is about.
10:53 HE DABED!!!!!!
Looks like a fake background to me
oh my jesus ...
"It's free real estate" got me good ! Good job on that one ... what a random random
There are secret unets
Tyler is better then you
HE DABBED 10:52
The background is fake


Edit: Nailed it
when science has gone to far   11:49
When you said ninjews i just pictured a bunch of dans from game grumps throwing the star of david at his foes and faking the moon landing
Unlock the screw units!
Rub the board for the real and fake back ground
Jack: "Roger saw his neck! And do you know what he said?"



Advertisement Parrot: "My Social Security Number Is..."
14:10 "Coming soon means not now" noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo really? LMAO
Die-Nes-Ti  !!
record scratch You're probably wondering how I got into this wacky situation well It actually started in the fall of '87 7:38
fake backround
Jacksepticeye would be the best leader to a war. This is pure evidence. 😂
fake backround
8:16
more videos
backround fake
You should look into the secret soldiers. They are hidden throughout the maps.
Background
Fake backround
it is real
I want you to break your game
Immediately clicks* 
Punches like button LIKE A BOSS*
Sean: It’s been too long!!!!! 
Me: yessssss it hassss!
At 6:09 I'm guessing fake though it was real just before that
Why is it two 9 chapters
He thought that there’s an update there wasn’t
Real
When you are 3 minutes after jack drops a vid ...
Real
Real
Real
Real
Hey Jack have 12 secrets units you can unclock ! Plse test them !
Real
9:38 "Not only did they kill you, but... THEY DIIIIIIIIIID"
Real
REAL
I clicked the second it appeard😂❤️
Real
Why don't you find the secret units.
Fake just guessing lol
Srry
Jack, can you do loads of firework archers on a mamoth so it flys
firework archers VS mamoth
No snake...snake!!!!!
It’s real
Real😂
Jack supports steven 1 like steven will be the god
Where is da op dark peasant
REAL!
real
FAKE BACKGROUND I SAY AT 6:14
2:39 the guy with the sword above his head got me hard lol



edit: reading this again makes it sound like i got hard from the guy with the sword above his head
Badboy
It’s real
Try a mammoth vs. however many wheelbarrows it takes to kill it!
3:48 best be fearing the Ninjews 12:36 the second time in this series you've had that revelation...
YAY! I needed my daily dosis of Jack :3

I clicked really fast when I saw the notification of this video xD
MANNY NOOO!
fake the back round is fake
Real
Fake Background
You need to see how many firework archers it take to lift a mammoth
It’s real
Fake or real if you move the screen
fake
There are secret units that you unlock by finding hidden weapons in some of the levels.  There are 2 or 3 on the Dynasty map.  Look around the pavilion roof for one, and then there is a katana hidden on the outside edge of the map somewhere.  Just look at them close up and they will glow until you get notified of the unlock.  There are giants, gods, and some silly things like cheer leaders.
try the new monkey king plz
Fack
Nobody knows how to say dynasty
Take
Yes Jack there is secret units scatter around all the maps look them up and find them 3 are in the new dynasty map 2 swords and a pair of sherikens
Does anyone else think jack's gay I'm bi
Die-nast-e
real!
8:18
Soon jacks chair is gonna disappear because it's "green screen"
Real
Real
ROBOT PIGEONS!
Jack
JACK YOU CAN GET THE 12 SECRET UNITS ACROSS DIFFERENT MAPS AND THEY ARE WEAPONS SO YOU HAVE TO FIND WEAOPONS
Shave that beard
Fake. Background
its fake but real in ur eyes Jack
Real boy
THE BACKGROUND IS FAKE, because how else will you edit the background?


simple, just paint your room green, DUH <3
Walls
fake
JACK THERE'S SECRET UNITS IN THE IN FREE CAM    FIND THEM ALREADY!!!!!!!
fake back
Ons secret unit (primal map) can boost fire rate of huwatcha
Jack use your freaking brain theres. Secret units in the game you can find them to go free mode and you have to find there weapons alot of youtubers found them
At 8:17 I get an ad of a woman saying " It is nice". Lol
real
One like = one TABS videos
JACK THERE ARE SECRET UNITS ON OTHER MAPS JUST FIND THEIR WEAPONS
Hwacha vs guitarboy
I don't know where you went in Japan, but if you went to Tokyo, I think I might have been in the same part of Japan at the same time you were
Real.
6:05 Did anyone else see that it went.  6...5...4...5. 4...3   lol.
9:58 Can someone please edit Ralph fom Simpsons flying through the window instead of the snek?
Teal
fake backreound
Real
Real
Technically a green screen background is still a type of background so it’s a real background all the time ; D
Real
Real
Real
Real
Sauron vs. Sauron.

Red: 1 king, and a load of bishops.

Blue: The exact same.
Real
Real
Real
Real
Mom: How did you break your phone

Me: By smashing the like button with my head😂
Real
Real
Jack there is an Easter egg in the dynasty map. Look at the bottom of the map where the hole is and next to the hole you will find a samurai sword then you will unlock a new character to use in a battle.
ENJOY!!!
Real
Jack there is secret units
 you can find their weapons to unlock them
Real
Real
Real
Both fake and real
real
real
real
Jack: THEY DAAAAAAABED!!!!
R.I.P. everyone's hearing. lol
real
Fack
2 ep 9s
am I the only one who noticed that his views are getting very low
Steven and Roger are the best warriors in Jack's army! 🤣
REAL
Take
Aaaaa
Fake backround
JACK!PLAY YUPPIE PSYCHO!
I love it!guys give this likes so jack can see it?I don't know how this works....
Real
Real
Real
3:49 NInjews
BEHOLD THE GREATEST BATTLE OF ALL TIME
Vikings vs Rocket arrows
P.S. I feel like this is either gonna suck or gonna be dope
wachit vs wachit
real and fake
Real.
real
Look for the secret units look for hidden weapons 
Also flying firework mammoth
real
real
Real
Real
Real
Real
Real
Real
Cherleeder like 10 or more of em and mace spinner it will crate something awesome. Againsz really anyone.
Real
Real
Also jack theres secret units, FIND THEM, Theres a unit called the cheerleader, Do 20 cheerleaders + a ballista.. you won't be disappointed!
JACK!!!!!!!!! I figured out how to tell the difference between real and fake. I'll say it next video if no one else guesses what I see.
90% talking about the secret 12 units
10%talking bout the episode

99%scrolling through the comments and just randomly commenting things






1%actually enjoying the video
There now u dont have to scroll that far =)

Edit:love yah jack
I want to see the campaign
DEUS VULT
Heh
Fack
We already know the secret to YouTube videos. AHHHHHHHHHH
If you go down the hole and look up you will fin a sword for sword people
I wanna se the monkey king
Ninjews
Fake
Jack came so close to finding some of the secret units in the samurai map
REAL
REAL
(6:11)-> from 5 to 4 to 5
Fake backround
Robin: so how high do you need the video to be 
Jack: YES
Fake backround
Fake backround
Ple mincraft plz
Fake?
Fake it is!!!
it is fake
both
Make’m say Aw Aw
INDEED YOU’VE BEEN GONE! I’ve looked every day if a new tabs video would be published and YES here it is... don’t worry I’m not mad at all. ;)
Here jack let me help its die na stee that's how its said like this so jack can see it
Real
Real
he SAW HIS NECK and SAID colgate ad pops in "I'm a close talker..." 
I was like wow robin good editing, but nvm
Real
Real
Real
Real
I WILL FOREVER BE A STEVE!!!!!!!




AND YOU CAN'T CHANGE THAT!!!
Real
real
Real
Real
Hey Jack, you should do 50 Firework Archers against a mammoth!
Real
Real
Real
Real
“Rodger saw his neck, and you know what he said?”
(Sudden cereal ad)
THIS. IS. E V E R Y T H I N G
Real
Real
Real
real
I watch so many non-American youtubers and I've started pronouncing words like them. I guess din-is-tea is next.
Real
Real
Real
Real
Jack: if you guys jump in the hole im hanging up my youtube license

Bards: "jumps in the hole"

Jack: IM DONE
real
real
Both
Fake back ground
Jack find the secret unit 


There is somthing special to you can make a tornado if you combine two unit
real
real
Facke
Fake?
Honestly these TABS episodes never get old, memeing is what we do best here on the Jacksepticeye Variety Channel lmao
Fake?
REEEEEEEAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!!!
LOL!!!!!!!!!
All fake
One thing I hope to see is Jack's voice in an anime! That would be AMAZING!!
fake
fake
real
real
Jack you should do 20 cheerleaders 1 mace spinner vs 5 mammoths
real
Nin-jews at 3:50
I don't want to be that guy, but the dynasty army sorta makes no sense. Hwachas are Korean, Samurais, Ninjas, and the long nose bois are Japanese, and the Dragons and firework arrows should be Chinese. I know that all three have had several dynasties, but I'm that guy so, sorry.
ITZ FAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(or real idfk)
Say it with me jack. Die-Nes-Tee
fake
Real
Real
Real
U can find hidden units around the maps (u have to stare at them to collect them!)
Real
Real
Real
Real
10:52 HE DAAAAAABBBBB!!! (pause to see the dabing boy)
Real
Real
Real
Great video try mace spinner with cheer leaders. It's a secret attack.
Real
The background is both because it wants to be both genders
Fake
Fake
"that's a lot of nuts!"
     -jacksepticeye 2019
Fake
fake
Fake
the whole "real background or fake background" thing is actually getting annoying cause nobody cares tbh :/
Aakaaa
Fake!!
Nobody's gonna talk about how Jack mispronounced the word Dynasty?
A nit secret unit
how to crash Earth.exe
1mil HHHHWachas vs 1mil Katyusha trucks
rel
Fake
.....Dinastie
fake
Hey jacksepticeye there some secret units around some maps to unlock them  you have to look at them before they disapear and the chracters are fan bearer, teacher,snowgiant,shogun,sensei,tree giant, giant samurai,executioner,mace spinner,cheerleader, the other one i forgot:/
Go into the dynisty and theres a samurai sord on the bodam of the island stuck in the rocky bodam of the island
fake
Fake backround?
I think fake
It's not a green screen and I didn't cheat

Edit: oopz
Real or fake. I’m gonna go with option 3 and stick my ** in a blender
its fake
Ninjews
fake
1:05 watching jack
The boy : mom.. 
Mom : Don't look at him!

Keep yelling it's Art!
I am slaaaaaaaappppppp aaaaaatttttttaaaaaaaacccccckkkkkkkkkkkkjjjjjjjjaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccckkkkkkkkkk
Fake
Fake
Reallll
Roger saw his neck and you know what he said:

Ad makers: it’s free real estate(inserts ad)
Fake backrounds
Fake background cuz chair isn't green
Fake
Fake
6:06 New Variety Show Idea:
"Still Image or Just Not Moving?"
Fake
Fake
Fake
Fake
Push this button if you want more satisfactory 

  |
  |
 \/
Fake
Fake
Fake
Fake
Do you know what else is too long




Jacks upload schedule
Fake
fake
fake
fake
That's A Big Mammoth Butt In My Face
~JackSepticEye 2019
Cool
fake
fake
fake
Can the samurai deflect the arrows of a hwacha or firework archer??
fake
fake
Fake
I crave for the day when Jack uses Artemis and the Whatchas (I can't spell) to BLOT OUT THE SUN.
Fake
fake background
2:12 that’s a kid
10 47
Only people who are related to ROGER can like this comment
OOF
fake hype attitude. rly bad acting.
Find the secret units Jack you will have fun trust me
Not ang
Firework archers r like the booster bomb from just cause 3
I cringe... whenever he says din-asty, instead of dine-asty... but then i googled it and apparantly only american says dine-asty....?
he DABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBD
Faie
fake
Jack: and then he saw his neck and you know what he said
Ad: I'm a close talker
fake
fake
fake
fake
Please 50 Fireworks archers VS ONE MAMMOTH
fake
fake
fake
fake
Do cheerleaders and sensei.
Edit: 20 cheerleader, 1 Sensei.
Fake background I think
7:19 - now children, this is what we adults call Mammoth Acupuncture......any questions?
I wonder if Jack has a Guinness world record for the most talking in a video.
fake
Fake backround

Edit:YES I WAS RIGHT

Oh yeah Jack there are secret units in TABS and there are alot.And there is a secret unit which is very powerful but can be take down by a Hwacha I think.Just find it out.
fake
fake
fake
fake
am i the only one why says 

Daaynesty

Instead of diinniiiissttiii
fake
fake
fake
fake
EVEN IN TABS SOLAIRE IS STILL PRAISING IN THE ABYSS.
LET'S GO BROTHERS!!!!
\[T]/  \[T]/  \[T]/  \[T]/  \[T]/  \[T]/
Feal
11:48 damn since when was Sean a singer
fake
Fake
"That's a big mammoth butt in my face."
-Sean 2019
8:16 Roger saw his neck and you know what he said

ad plays
NOONE CAN BEST ME!

Feckin perfect
3:48 "Ninjews." - Jacksepticeye, May 2nd, 2019
MONKEY KING VS YE OLDE KING! Like so Jack can see this please
“ be a Roger, not a Steven”

It’s so funny, because only people that have seen his playthrough of TABS will understand it! 🤣
cheerleaders and one spin
Lots of fireworks vs a mammoth
bad background
You need to find out how many firework archers it takes to take out Zeus
JACK USE THE SECRET UNITS
Fake background
Little did Jack know
MMMMMAAAANNN BBBBUUUUNNN
real
Real
dynasty is pronounced (die) (nastee)
Hay jack I just wanted to say that to day is my birthday and i wanted to thank u for all u do to make people happy p.m.a senserily Devin Hunt 😎stay cool man
Hey shamrock shinobi remember TIMMY FELL DOWN THE WELL VANCE !!!
You have to look around the map when you are fighting and look at them for 5 seconds p.s. you are a great youtuber and always be a p.p.s great game
9:42 he dabed
Jack find the secret characters in the new map
Jack: "ooh i'm gettin a little scared now we got some nin-jew here"
Me: "......... welp
There are secret units in tabs. Find weapons on certain maps and if they glow and dissapere, you've unlocked them.
Jack's pronunciation of Dynasty is the true fool of this episode. Not the background goof.
Can you do secret units
8:09 HE DAAAAAAAAB
wait no. it's fake
Man i was drinking a milkshake when you were shooting those priests and i damn near spit it across the room 😂😂😂
real!
Background fake
real
FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE
JACK you need to find the cheerleader! Youll love her trust ,me
fake
Yes I'm ready for battle where's the fight.




Jack said it's on it's way  
 I say wanna fight now 😉
I swear I will go crazy without Satisfactory .
"We got some Nin J E W S up here..."

~3:49 Jacksepticeye
Who else clicked fast af😂? 

But im sůbbìng to everyone who liķės and sùbśçribes to me promise!!
Real and u can get secret units if u find th3m
phake bg
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH








smash like
Sean: Screams.

His neighbours: Ah, shit, here we go again.
Genuinely expected it to be a compilation of Sean screaming for 13 minutes. I was so prepared to sit through it. A pleasant surprise that it was this instead. Lol!


Still would watch 13 mins of him screaming tho.
Jack: Stupid tik tok!
Also Jack: has already laughed at five tik toks and doesn't even know it
finally i can keep these pennies to myself
Pingu:I SMELL PENNIES!!!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH-
“GeEse, KneES. ThEY RhYMe foR a ReASOn.”
  ~Jacksepticeye 2019
Who else thought this was another compilation of jack screaming?
9:00 I died laughing
Edit: I can’t stop rewatching this
6:50


Nobody: ew gross

Freddie Mercury:



SO YOU THINK YOU CAN STONE ME AND SPIT IN MY EYE
Edit: thanks for the like fat boi
Is it just me or does Jack lowkey looks like a viking
9:01
Me leaving school

9:32
Me going back into school cus i forgot my backpack
this is how many times whiteboard will slap jacksepticeye back when it becomes sentient
        |
        |
       V
Jack: It doesn't even say laugh
Me: I know :'(
Jack: Now it says: AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

Me: 



Jack: 
6:14 is the early version of jacks intro

a big smack followed by a scream
"How it's cut, how it's paced, and how it's en-" Legitimately made me bust out laughing
8:11 "[...] if you're super tall like I am."
this leprechaun really called himself tall 🗿 he's like 1,78m lmaooo
No one :
Jack:let's make a video about perfectly cut scream
Jack: smash like

Fans: smash the like button

Like button: AAAAAAAA-
Hey Sean! The screaming parkour video was made by @bob.reese on tiktok. Meet your "hero"! lol
1:15 Me: What the hell?
Penguin: I smell pennies.
Me: Ahhhhhh! Close the fricking door!
Claire: What the hell was that?
Me: I don't know what that was. Ahhhhhh!
Claire: Oh my God!
Me: Run!
Penguin: I still smell pennies.
Me: Oh no!
Claire: Go, go, go!
Yesterday's video*
Jack: i think I'm a bit loud
Today*
Jack: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I've always dreamed of you reacting to these types of videos. My dreams finally came true! God do I love perfectly cut screams.
Sean: u no I’m alive inside,.. if u didn’t chuckle ur dead.

Me: (never laughs in his life) oh god
When your camera froze and yor face was like that WHILE I was drinking you made me also choke. Thanks dude
Hard to swallow pills


Perfectly Cut Screams meme is the same as To Be Continue meme but shorter.
Mommy, why is this bearded man screaming?
The battery Vine got perfectly cut for me bc there was an ad😂😂
0:40 and here we see a wild jacksepticeye in his natural habitat.
Sean thinks he is the funniest person in the world but he is not






He is the funniest person in the universe
i LoVE pHySiCaL vIoLeNCe

11:38 what about Courage??
I genuinely thought this was a 13 minute compilation of jack just screaming from his videos
I took this as a “do not laugh challenge” and lost immediately...I’m not good at this
Oof, I feel bad, cause most of the video, I thought there was a rat hanging from your chin



Whoops
Jack: r.i.p in peace

Jackcepticeye -2019
Great wake up in the morning and can’t wait to watch jacksepticeye, I click on the video AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH that woke me up for sure
7:56 Fun Fact: if you're ever attacked by a goose, grab it by the neck and do one of two options. Give it a light squeeze, not enough to choke the animal, but enough to let it know that you're more powerful and in control. Then you can either do this next step or just immediately skip to this and ignore the first part: throw the goose as far as you can.
I thought this was a compilation of Sean screaming. Is not but there should be one!
Jack. Please do another Perfectly Cut Screams.
Watching this made me want to scream too but I'm sick and I have a sore throat 😥
Love ya Jack 👊❤
me: goes to friend
friend: sleeping
me: goes to ear and enhales air AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
friend: AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
This is a perfectly normal comme-

ARRGHH
slap of the gods

TOP A’ THE MORNIN’ TO YA
0:12 you clever, clever Pistachio with that editing
Jack should try and do a cover of Giving Up by Linkin Park. He’s got the screams for it...kind of.
Please please PLEASE do an asmr video where it's nothing but you screaming😂😂💕💕
damn i thought it was going to be 13 minutes of jack screaming 🤦
I Haven’t Watched You In A Few Months, And All I Have To Say Is...




POODIEPIE BEARD >:3
I want a whole   ONE HOUR   Jacksepticeye screaming into the void video 
Love that
Jack video idea, play a horror game but when you scream it ends. Then publish a part 2
Am I the only one almost shit themselves when Jack froze his camera  •~•
“Mommy why is that man yelling?”
“Honey he is the great Galetic warrior practicing his manly battle cries.  With the power of Coke with Zero sugar with now a hint of vanilla he will rise to be victorious.”
9:57 clearly you haven't been to the Netherlands enough.
Unless they only had the stupid things that blow your hands dry at the place where you were.

And at least Europe has 3 and 4 ply toilet paper 2 ply being standard and one ply basically not existing.(well at least over here).
I watch this channel for the AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHs. Jack brings so much joy in my and so many other people's lives. Never change who you are please! AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
"Tik tok isnt funny"
flashback
laughs at the pennies tik tok
"I... Froze my camera. Oops."
What on earth did we do to deserve Sean?
If you listen closely... You can hear the wild Jacksepticeye's mating call... Listen.




Jacksepticeye: 
0:30
The face of a boss!
When I dry my hands under the hair drier 🤷‍♂️🤔 waaaaatttttt
Screaming was invented by Sean Scream when he tried to whisper thrice.
I love how Jack said tik tok isn't funny, but several of these videos actually came from tik tok
Person: Screams

My Brain: This is the pinnacle of comedy

Me: Laughs

Also me: Why is this funny
Okay I thought my phone was lagging because of the sheer chaos of this video but it was just your camera 👌
12:15 when he mentioned Tom, I was hoping to see this one
How do I Perfectly Cut scream On Kinemaster?
Jack: points at whiteboard that doesn't say laugh! 
Me: it indeed doesn't 
Jack: now it just says- smacks whiteboard
Me: uh-
Jack: AAAAAAAAAAAAARGH!!!! 
Me: 
Jack in the simple things, take what you can give nothing back
I really want Jack to react to scary ghosts  caught on tape.
Sounds like the hotdog guys gonna go even further beyond! 😂😂
Can't wait for the crossover episode: "LaAAAAAHHHHgHHHHHHHHH"
*Jack screaming for 10 minutes * 

Neighbors: " Should we call the Police?" 

                    " No. Dont worry he is a youtuber"
I legit thought that this was just gonna be a video of clips of all your videos that you scream in. 

I absolutely love perfectly timed cut screams! I didn't know that there was a term for it. Lol
9:01
Expects them just to do a normal corse and finish at the other side and bottom... while screaming,



waits to see if they're ganna appear at the bottom floor of whatever that is (i honestly don't know)



starts laughing head off


(sees sister location at ) ANTI NO! UR NOT GOING TO BE IN A FUNNY VIDEO! NO!
Everyone: * screams *
Me: * squeals *



No, I can't scream.
Robin is a master at this editing doohickey!!
'Screaming Irish man enjoys comedy that's literally screaming'

... you should probably make a gaming video where your always screaming.


'Worlds Loudest Let's Play'
I literally just thought this was another compilation of Jack screaming 😂
The hand dryers actually are more unhealthy as the hold a lot of bacteria. This is why if a bathroom doesn't have towels of some sort, I just wipe the water onto my shirt after airplaning them a few moments.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh gonna swing around the chandelier (Idk if this is stolen, I wrote the comment before I went down)
Jack: aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh

Neighbors wife: is jack getting murdered 

Neighbor: no hes making a video
 Edit: I'm a disgrace I liked my own comment
Jack: sees Tom’s scream

Also Jack: tries to scream like Tom

Jack: I can’t do it...

CoryxKenshin: 
Anybody else think that Jack is starting to look more and more like Sokka?
Videos: people get hit by a car
Jack: 0/10 

Another videos: kid smacking another kid
Jack: hahaha!! I LOVE PHYSICALLY VIOLENCE
13 minutes of screaming


I'm so proud of this community
I’m a simple man. I see screaming Sean, I like.
that video with the dude swinging of the pole and into that hole in the wall, and then he yeets him self out.
Sean: Ugh, I miss vine, Tik Tok sucks.
Me> THAT VIDEO WAS MADE ON TIK TOKKKKKKK--------
0:02
The Jacksepticeye Signal:








AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!-
My screen frozed at exact 1:06 😂😂 Help😭😂 I'm laughing so hard✊😂😭
Me: (SLAM) lau-
Jack:............................(staring intensifys)
Me again:(SLAM) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
jack with room mates

Jack: AHHHHHHHHHHHHH



room mate:  dude wtf
I used to watch tom and Jerry with my father....

I hope he comes back
I smell---




p̶e̶n̶n̶i̶e̶s̶ ICE CREAM
6:20
Jack: I have no idea what that laugh was
Me: It was  . . . Tiggr
6:48
Josh Peck voice: YOU SPIT IN MY EYE
AA AAAA AAAAA *cuts to a ad*
Me: Outstanding Move
Finaly
A video of random crap goin super saiyan
...






Best video on YouTube...
Challenge me.
The I smell penny’s original meme is the dr plague mask guy react to it pleeaaasee
video starts with Jack screaming 
Me: Oh okay its a normal perfect video of Jacksepticeye yelling again


Edit-: omg thank you so much for the likes!     :3
8:39 me when school starts up again.
lol
12:40 I thought my video was broken lol
Man, I love this stuff too! You're the best XD
Roses are red violets are blue I smell pennies and you smell them too
Jack: (uploads perfectly cut screams video)
Breaking News: Deaf population increases 420%
Robin really had a blast with this vid. :'D Amazing editing!
7:40 i see what you did there.
God bless that Rain Johnson joke omg that was amazing 😂 😂 😂
10:30 
“that kinda sounds like me... that scream at the end actually sounds like me...”  AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! 😂
2:40 this deer isn't normal

She became a Wolf
Me when me mom says anything to me past 7pm 2:43
8:01
Jacksepticeye? Don't know him.
I only know FATHER OF GEESE
Ive seen all these videos like 100 times already lmao
Jack's happy little "eeeee" is actually the best and cutest thing ever
Me: Finally I can keep the memes to my self
Article 13: I SMELL MEMES
Me: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH
dammit jack now you've made me nostalgic of tom and jerry
4:00 holy shit the squirrel one got me so bad eventhough Ive seen it before
R.I.P
hotdog
2019-2019
...also, did Seann say "R.I.P. in peace" (rest in peace in peace)?
Heres a good scream...
TOP OF THE MORNIN LADIES MY NAME IS JACKSEPTICEYE
Left brain: I feel it's a bit sadistic to laugh at people screaming
Right Brain: HahahahahahaHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Jack's superpower: just screaming your head off.
SOMEONE FINNALLYY ADMITTED WE ARE DESPERATE FOR VINEE BACK
Look at "tiktoks that radiate the same energy as vine"
It's... Actually not bad
Actually the last scream reminds me about them Vikings.
me: chuckles
teacher: what are you laughing at?
me: nothing
my brain: thinks of this video
me: 
my friend: she's probably high
I SMELL PERFECTLY CUT SCREAMS

everyone screams
13 minutes of Jack screaming. Beautiful.
Literally anyone: screams
Sean: it's me!!
Jack : screams
Jack's neighbors: asserts dominance by screaming back
Edit: (Why are replying to this? Continue I've never had anyone reply this much on a comment)
Hey, Sean! Are you subscribed to Dr. Soap? You're great in his videos!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
Translation:
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
12:29 omg thank you Robin!! you're the best!! lmao!








ya so um I don't have an instagram
AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!
9:01 anyone know where the clip is from?
0:14 "how they are pasted and how they are edi-" 

I love you XD

Edit: Jesus christ 400 likes and a heart from Jack i can die now <3
JACK YOU...

You made me spit out several kilograms of my cereals... 😭
We'll know its you when we hear you scream across the street
Would this mean he's Laughing Jack?
6:43
Top of the morning to ya
Some Of The People In Ireland are Wild life
- Jacksepticeye 2019
When u dropped your phone from the tallest building





AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
I literally cried out of laughter 😂😂😂
the most perfectly timed cut screams are when the ads interrupt the screams in the video lmao
Robin’s editing cracks me up
When I clicked on the video, I thought that 99.9% of the post were just Jack’s screams




Looks like I was wrong
Jack: laughs and coughs

The internet: JACK IS DYING
I swear you look like john seed from far cry 5
When he said "Who made screaming iconic" 


I thought tyler1 was coming.
The one with the husky will always be my favourite scream
Thumbnail should be:
"AH-"
And not:
"AHHHHHHHHHHHH"
Existía un ocho en ingles y no tenia idea
2:27 I think your turtles broken jack..
Rip to jack’s neighbors
OMG TOM AND JERRY!MY CHILDHOOD!! That explains my screaming🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😊🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I smell like pennies is from TIK TOK
Deer: Gets hit by a truck

Youtube: "Yeah, I think this is a good place for a Revlon ad"
Great videos btw love the comedy man keep it up
8:14
if youre super tall like i am 
-he's 5'10 (178 cm)
tf you mean tall??
child slaps child
HOOHOOO YEAH!

Jesus Sean. Please never change
Rip in peace  - jack
😂
"If Geese had teeth, they'd be the Apex predator of the earth!"

Actually- about that-
Jack-"I'm a laffy Taffy guys."
Me-looks down with wide eyes as I was about to eat a laffy taffy WHAT THE F----
6:20 Jack turned into Nannaquin
8:41 & 8:48 is from TwoSet
Sean : I love physical violence. 6:35
Media : Games make you sadistic
oh the cure for my depression. SCRE-
I haven’t watched him since 2017 I’m so overwhelmed with nostalgia I love you jack/Sean 💚💚💚
lmaooo i miss you sm
6:18
when you slip and fall for no reason
Me: hey dad this is my favourite youtuber

Jack:AGGGHHHHHH

Dad:why is he screaming

Also me:uhhhh
I may say: You slay with that hair!!
I was fully prepared for this to be just a 13 min video of jack screaming
(Insert Cowboy screaming meme here)
When you see a animal on the road  
5:05
Board- Finally i can keep these laughs to myself

Jack- I SMELL LAUGHS

Board- 
no one:
nobody:
not a single soul:
sean: iM iRiSH
Jack: “Stupid TikTok!” 
Also Jack; Has laughed at 5 TikToks in this video
6:18 LMAO I CAN'T!!😂 THE ECHO OF THE SLAP!
Sean screams
Neighbors "I love nature!!!!!"
Hey Jack I wanted to say how much love your conte-


AaAaAaAaAaAaAaHhHhHhHhHhHh
I AM THE SENATE!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
9:01 


you’re welcome
0:13
Amazing

edit: 3:49 
oh nice, a clip from your Clustertruck playthrough
BRUH TF WE DID THE SAME LAUGH WTF!! 6:20
the volume on full blast 




mom: PUT IT DOWN


me its supposed be loud
I'm glad I'm not the only one whose been binge watching these
6:18 perfect timing background music
When I saw this video I thought it was going to be 13 minutes of Jack screaming
DYEEE YOUR HAIR AGAINNN AND TAKE IT DOWN PLZZZZ IT LOOKED BETTER WITH GREEN HAIR PLZZZZZ
Jack: AHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGG
neighbors: thats the 20th time today.
I SMELL PENNIES     
.........
I SMELL LIKE BEEF INSIDE
Introducing jacksepticeye

The irish tyler1
caught By Police
Me: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
the "I smell pennies" guy must feel so mad because he didn't really get much fame while everyone else did. The pennies one from the start was a video using the track. The original is extremely funny
If you didn't chuckle you might be dead 

... Oh I'm dead inside
Thought it was gonna be screaming memes replaced with audio of your screams. Haha, still a good video regardless.
Wait... look at Jack's hair. I barely see grey in his hair, is he getting... OLD?

Edit: look at the bottom of his hair on top of his forehead
1st of all I died laughing so hard I accidentally triggered my asthma.
2nd of all ,"did they die?" Is that really the first question you ask Jack?  Although,,,, me too though.
8:52 "Is this all my channel is now?"
Jack...your channel was filled with screams before as well...
some of the people in Ireland ARE wildlife!!!! lmao!!!
It is Wednesday my dudes 2:42
watches at 1 am without headphones in the living room
i started laughing so hard that my 5 year old brother told me to shush
He screams
You scream
I scream
WE ALL SCREAM PERFECTLY
"All we're stuck with is stupid TikTok, which isn't funny"
Clearly you haven't used it correctly
thus has to be my favorite jse video of all time

his laugh is so pure <3
I've Been Laughing Straight For The Entire Video, I'm At 8:48 Right Now. I'm Still Laughing As I'm Typing This!
Okay, when he said RIP in peace, that made me think of raccooneggs lol
jack: "I like physical violence" but also the same guy who's heart melts when he sees puppies.
Sean: now thats the one m lookin for
Turns MiNi POnY taiL
Me: ha ha haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Tom cat might be your spirit animal.. x'D
9:01, going into battle, realising the opponent is JOHN WICK!
when you hear the door squeak
me: oh its just my dear
This format of videos just makes me feel like Jack is just chillin at my house showing me silly videos he's found online. 




It makes me very hap.
Omg you like the guy screaming the AA AAA AAAA
0:15 and how it's edi-  lmao
That's not the original "I smell pennies" video, but it's a meme that originated of Tik Tok
jack screams me screams in school my friends in school NANI
You're not alone lmao
Cutaway screams are literally my entire sense of humor and i am easily entertained by such trivial things
4:50 i swear that looks exactly like my dog and it is something she does all the time.
I love Tom and Jerry. It was a childhood classic. X3
Tom: * Screams *
Transitions to Big Enough Scream
"But Sean that's evey video you d-"

'SHUT UP"

"He says as he immediately proves your point"



thank you guys for the likes...I don't even remember making this comment LMAO
FEAR UNLOCKED: Eye Spit
He have a beard now? I've gone for too long
Ladies and gentlemen  
1:48
this is what we’ve been waiting for.
6:54 that was actually a boger
12:40 Neighbors be like: WHO THE ** IS SCREAMING AT 3 IN THE MORNING
tom and jerry was also one of my favs
Jacks outro but his screams dub it
Most of these would be even funnier as "to be continued" memes
Even his screams sound Irish
“I’m a Laffy taffy, I LOVE PHYSICAL VIOLENCE”
Love you sean :) <3
I come back after 2 years and our mans here has a ponytail and a full ass beard. Glad to be back
We love your videos Jacksepticeye
6:22 Sean sounds like yellow dino with that yeahhhh xD
Jack sees a child slapped 




TOP O THE MORNIN TAH YA!
A scream comes from within! 
-jacksepticeye 2019 the day after he said he was being loud.
How its paced, and how its editedbut there are whole subreddits...
Lol
YES THE BATTERY VINE 
WE MISS YOU VINE
You chose the right thing

not feeling sadness or not feeling anger.

Nice.

in your (would you rather) video
11:26  "We need to all go back to the original scream king."

.....So where is the Wilhelm scream?
How its paste and how its ediTHERE ARE WHOLE

Nice one jack
jack just have to say....UR KILLIN THAT MAN BUN BROOO love it ps lol sorry many pony tail XD
~sees Skyrim/Elsweyer ad~ AHHHHH-
New title, Jacksepticeye screams in your ears for 13 minutes straight
“now it just says-“ cuts to back







“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH”
Jack if your reading this i look up to you and tiktok is awsome
I thought the whole video was just gonna be Jack screaming at us.
I know he has sound- proof paddding in that room but i really feel sorry for his neighbours!
I though this is a compilation of Jack screaming but... I still love it
Not even kidding. Jack’s scream got cut perfectly by my internet buffering.
When is a new funniest home videos coming
penguin: I smell penny’s starts running
Guy with penny’s: AHHHHHHHHHH
What was the parkour video called
Nobody:
Not a single soul:
Not even pyrocinical:
Jack:IM A GIGGLY BOY LET ME LAUGH

Me: But we like it when you la-

Jack: SHUT UP AND LET ME BE A GIGGLY BOI
i cant use my mouse while listening to the papertowel despenser, to much giggling
Thank you for helping me realise how dead inside I am
We all know anti has taken over have you noticed the ear rings jack is held hostage we all know 👀👀
Just imagine hearing tom scream for an hour 💀
Jack:"going down the stairs"
White board: i smell Jack...
Jack: AHHHHH!!
13 minutes of jack and videos screaming
If Jack was my next-door neighbor, I would be happy to be woken up at 3 AM to his screaming.  XD
Do another perfectly cut scream video
6:14 I swear he said NAMASTE!!!
Imagine flirting with ya girl. You got a piece of choco, you say "ah." It's a picture of pure love, until you realize she watches Jacksepticeye. She then replies
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" while staring into your soul.
Come on, mate. Give her the chocolate.
Jacksepitceye the laughing jack
Anyone else think this was going to be a Jacksepticeye scream compilation? XD
Why is Kratos in my screen?
My favorite ones are the Minecraft clips
I don't want to know a world without Jack Screaming !!!!
Jack where is the iconic intro and outro its boring plz bring it back
JACK THE NEXT EPISODE OF LIFE IS STRANGE IS COMING SOON!!! Are you ready kids?
1:00 oh shit it's french...I'm french thanks guys for making us look stupid XD
Jack....why is there a Tuber Simulator add on YOUR channel?
Jack says tick tok isn’t funny.
Me:
Jacksepticeye for president 2020
I'm tempted to make my ringtone Jack screaming
The husky scream at 3:20 is totally real. Source: husky mix at home makes the same noise when he’s left outside too long
0:50 the firework archer from tabs irl XD
9:28 when you walk into a dark room 9:33 then you see the boogeyman AHHHHHHHH
Turn Jacks scream into a meme

'Guy falling off a cliff'

AHHHHHHHHHHH!
Yall, I need the parkour course screaming guy. Anyone have the link? 😂
Some of thoose videos was really funny 😂
I really expected that cowboy song to play at the end
“i just like to laugh






i love physical violence”
'L is for Lovers who love one another,
A is for AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH,
U is U're the only one for me,
G is for the only Gamer I see,
H is for Happy I always feel it,
when you put 'em together, what do you get?
LAAAAAAAUGH!'
I need the video of the guy doing parkour screaming
have you ever met a Canadian goose
they are Satan's pet bird
i thought i was one of those people who thought that loud=funny but as it turns out i like perfectly cut screams
Never wacth this video with a speaker
Jack, why does your hair look like Kamski's from detroit become human?
12:39 does a near perfect impression of Tom screaming right there.
2:16  OH MY GOD THAT GOT ME
Joseph seed?  Father?  Is that you??
Can someone link the screaming gymnast guy?
Me in the bathroom watching my favorite youtubers.
Jack: Perfectly cut screams
Me: Turns on subtitles
Subtitles: PERFECTLY COOKED SCREAMS

Edit: HOLY CRAP 292 LIKES
YES! SOMEONE FINALLY AGREES WITH ME THAT TIK TOK CAN’T REPLACE VINE!!!
All the cut screams sound like jacks intros
6:29 HAD ME DEAD 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
9:01
I watched that literally this morning
Jacks shows:
Perfectly Cut Streams: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Funniest Home Videos:
LAUGH
Jack's editing had really changed
whahaah i had to laugh when this happens on 4:07 i understand 😂😂😂
Most I've laughed in a long time thanks
Most I've laughed in a long time thanks
6:33-6:40 “Im a giggly boy, I’m a laffy taffy guys, .... I love physical violence” - Jacksepticeye 2019
Jack! That humor is spot on with the lil' dane over the river. I want more!!! Also thx for a good laugh
Is that youtube star, Gus johnson??? [Edit:4:30]
Jack...i sneezed...
You didnt say bless you.
where's Matt Watson from super mega
Robin (Video Editor): How much screaming?
Jacksepticeye: Yes


(I made a comment like this before but accidently deleted it.)
0:30
The face of a boss!!
😎🤪
6:55-6:58 Spoken like a true Irishman
YOU'RE A RAY OF SUNSHINE I LOVE YOU JACK
The dude doing parkour at 9 min resembles  me thinking imma  have a goood day
“AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH” -Jacksepticeye since his first video.
“H*cking”
The actual "i smell pennies" meme it's made by soggy nugget
React to asdf
Just type asdf in youtube
Tik tok can be very funny if you go to the meme side of it lmao
some of the people in Ireland are wildlife.

my favorite quote
Oh Jack, baby innocent jack
Eye smell pennies
The intro scream wasn’t perfectly cut, Mr. Editor man is not a comedy man.
Over the years jack wen from college student vlogger in a cabin to apartment viking
0:40 Now it just says







AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH-
I heard no difference in Jack’s intro what are you guys talking about?






Jk I’m not that dumb
Did I am the only one who notice that he didn't say too top of the morning to you
i only ACTUALLY laughed at 12:45
Haven't watched jack in months, man he looks different! But DAMN he looks good!
Jack's poor neighbors







And vocal chords
11:46 "Are you ready for 100% original content? Robin is cool."
Indeed you are, Robin.
I already couldn't at 4 minutes in
Jack's scream is the funniest, but you cannot deny that his Laugh is the BEST medicine :D
Me: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!

Someone: AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
9:00 when you snort too much "good stuff"
Kindergarten 2 comes out in a couple months



Be prepared





Nugget returns...
RIP in peace: rest in peace in peace 🤣
jack has a ponytail, he needs it in the front so he can be a Jackacorn
When I beat my beat and I hear the door knob turn really fast - 2:44
robin's remake's are perfect
7:42 - 8:23 
What I’ve learned about geese today:

They mean,
They lean,
They go for the knee,
And always prepared to make you scream
My cat: meows loudly
Me: AAAAAAAAAA2
There's a lot of paper towels in Slovenia.
Wait the guy in the trees screaming I’ve been were he has been
Rip in peace 

Wouldn’t that just mean rest in peace in peace
9:03 The new Tarzan movie looks weird
Someone for the love of god please edit Jack screaming over that "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA" meme song. please. :D
JACK WATCHED A TIK TOK?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?$?!?$?!?!?!??!?!???!?!?!?!?!?!??!
2:44
He found his long lost brother.....
This was great as always!! Thank you Jack!  :D
Was anyone else secretly hoping Robin would do the screaming cowboy edit for us?
Its Wednesday my dudes....




AAAAAAAAAAA
I read "streams." anyone else?
Haven't watch jack In a whhhiiiilllle and now he had a beard..... ummm... ok. I guess
dancing hotdog cant hear him  because he have the headphones and is hearing music and dancing
Jack: writes AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH- on the whiteboard
Whiteboard: THIS IS WHAT I'VE BEEN SAYING THIS WHOLE TIME!!!!
This video makes me happy 😁😁😁...... and tic tok is awesome btw
damn this guy has changed so much from since a year ago
'
7:06. That's why your channel is called Jack septiceye . Eeeh? XD
Can you react to Soggy Nugget on tic tok? He's actually funny
Literally anything: screams

Jacksepticeye: This... does put a smile on my face
The best part is how he reviews them....
Says Tom is a screaming legend but in all honesty... it’s Jack
at 9:10 I was drinking water and it all just shot out of my nose XDD
what if Jacksepticeye did Toms voice with him yelling
“I’m not just suddenly a father of geese”. 

Jack suddenly runs through his backyard, a trail of ducklings waddling behind, then the video cuts out
that first one wasnt cut well
6:18 TOP OF THE MORNING TO YA LADDYS!!
I wonder if his neighbors hate him bc he’s so loud
"I used to be irish like you, until I got a geese to the knee..."
"Perfectly cut anything is my favorite."








What about perfectly cut paper?
Jesus christ lol🤦🏻‍♀️
lord of screams=Sr. Pelo
btw that deer vid wasn't recorded as a perfectly cut scream. (who cares tho right? I mean hell, funny is funny)
sans theme plays

AAAAAA-
I SMELL PENNIES
tik tok spawned that
Legends says he still screams to this day
The one at 3:56 got me
Sure hope you dont have neighbors
I like how I got a hearing advert at the end of the video
9:05 when u sneak into Ur girlfriends room but the dad is waiting for you 😂
he should have done the screaming cowboy meme
Sean, Jack, whatever you want to call him, literally just complained about something being LOUD
0:39 best part
it’s about time someone makes a video about ACTUAL COMEDY
8:39 I can’t breathe
Me after way to many drinks 9:31
Tbh i like violence too...
Not kidding.
Sean, if you see this, you would be the best goose dad!
Uploads ONE Video about perfect cut screams.





Is this my channel now
8:23 Jack I think i was there last year in Germany, I cant remember where exactly it is but you're attached to a harness and you have to climb tall trees and zipline down them and it's really fun
no jack, it should be Scream👏Review👏
Sean has such a jolly laugh! I love it!!!
Hey Sean, I'm 6:2 so does that mean the geese will go for my ankles???
Watch this video about actual screaming get millions of views.

Oh how the human race evolves.
Simple, but amazing!
AH—
9:11
How Tom's voice was created.
7:40 I see what you did there! Noice!
Did you know: William Hanna, one of the creators of Tom & Jerry, voiced ALL of those famous Tom screams.

EDIT: OMG thank you for all the love everyone!!
SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME FIND A LINK TO THE VIDEO OF THE GUY DOING PARKOUR AND SCREAMING THE WHOLE TIME (the one that jumps out the window)
React to Minecraft perfectly cut screams
I wish we could find a time where Jack’s neighbours actually screamed back.
Yes, bring back Vine.
Me: Oh no.....
jacksepticeye: what?
Me: Imagine your outro but it’s you screaming to the tune
jacksepticeye: .......




AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!
6:46 : screams
Me: oH SHE's sWEET bUT A PHSYcO
no one:

jack: 12:20
Wait did he said "rip in piece"
“I love Tom and Jerry* suddenly understands why jack is the way he is 😂
Am i the only one who is feeling  that this channel is straying further from gaming each day?
That is a perfect description of a hand dryer tbh
You made my night brighter 😂
911: 911 what's your emergency?
Neighbour: hello there is screaming Irish man next to my house i think he got raped
911: coming right at you
Neighbour: that's what she said
Nobody:
This video: AA-
you left the scream for too long


it's not perfectly cut
All I can hear is the sound of forgiveness.
we have kings like king of rock n roll, king of pop and all sorts of kings but the most powerfull king is the scream king AKA Tom cat
Good video, but turn the backround music off please.
3:45 "Simpsons did it!  Simpsons did it!"
“Mom why is that man yelling” 
“Don’t look at him, it’s contagious” 
“Sh**” 


AaaAaAAaaaaaAAaahhhhHhHhHh
2:42, when you hit puberty mid scream
You sud playe das gon
The only iconic screaming video I know is where that cowboy is trying to pass off screaming as singing.






smash like if agree
8:12... Sean your my moms height your not THAT tall
Jack:NOOOO Rip, in peace




Rest in peace in peace?
What about " It's Wednesday my dudes.... AaahahahAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! "
Watching this 1 in the morning wonder what my family is thinking
"RIP In Peace"
                     -Jacksepticeye 2019
8:50 Dude your channel has always been based on annoying screaming



And we love it.
Wait.....he is getting gray hairs i just realized...AHHH NO DONT AGE
Don't worry jack, I'm a person of simple laughs too, I laughed so hard at this I cried a little bit into my egg McMuffin .
No regrets,
Needed this .
the classic
Tom and Jerry is one of the greatest shows of all time

For those who never watched it as a kid life is cruel for you
"Mum why is that man yelling"
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
"Don't look at him"
Jacksepticeye 2k19


Edit ~
Thank you everyone for the likes and Thanks Sean for liking it!! <3 <3
When my friend slams the toilet seat on his Weiner 12:05
I think you laughing is what made me laugh more than anything
React to minecraft perfect cut screams LOL
Animals have the best voices 😂
I'd be a-okay with a 4 hour stream of watching Tom and Jerry with Jack
That battery vine is my favorite ❤️❤️❤️
7:45 if a goose ever attacked me well lets just say




i will kill it no mercy
I wanna see someone do perfectly cut screams of Sean screaming. Like he do.
Wait he Lives in EUROPE
Literally nobody:


Not a living soul:


Not even a bacteria:








Jacksepticeye: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
6:18 that's a NECK BOISSSSSSSSSSsss!!
I almost choked to death when jack out on his gaming face
Holy shit, he looks so different now. That beard, I personally think he looks better without a big bushy beard.
Gen Z: Oh yes we are very good people 
Gen X: THEY'RE NIHILISTS
Gen Z: No we're not 
Gen Z: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
DAEMON, HURRY, GET THE GALIC
i got ads at every scream.
Their should be a side by side of you and Tom screaming.
i got a add RIGHT on 11:09
We need a Tom and Jerry reboot with Sean voicing Tom!




Also Robin, you killed it with the editing I feel like my lungs are gonna explode from laughing!
The heck jack XD I accidentally left my autoplay on, then you started screeming from one of my minimised windows - Pff haha
im going to watch old goat simulator videos, for the screams  ofc
jack dye your hair green again!
9:41 Detroit: Become Human (2018)
6:18 The timing for the music to cut was so perfect, it really made me *L🅰️UG♓️
It's 1:30 a.m right now and I'm sitting here watching jacksepticeye scream
I grew up watching your videos and now i have evolved to be impervious to all sound type attacks
His new intro should just be “AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH”
" Its wednesday my dudes "




"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
Child: Mom why is that man yelling?
Mum: DoNt LoOk At HiM
OH GOOD! I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO HATES USING THE AIR DRYERS IN PUBLIC BATHROOMS!!!!
AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! 
COMMENTED!
I wonder what his neighbors must think-
JACK'S NEVER SEEN THE I SMELL PENNIES MEME BEFORE
Congrats on 22mill Jack!!




Like so Jack can see!!
Geese with go for your knees but most importantly your niece.
This video made my day.
9:01 That is me when I am trying to get away with it 😂😂😂😂
The best cut screams are the minecraft  versions 👌👌
This is the peak of Youtube Conte-

AAAAAAAARRRRGGGHH!!
Jack how have your neighbors not called the police yet
i'm surprised you didn't name your channel called tom junior
2:40 when you're parents ask you to do something
2:37 uhh thats not how headphones work
Sean: "The king of screams, Tom"
Courage the Cowardly Dog: "Am I a joke to you?!
Sean be lookin like Joseph Seed
Robin is the best editor
No one:
Legit NOBODY:
Séan: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
You look so old
9:12 jack when he just drank some septic juice and Coke Zero sugar same great taste without the sugar now with a hint of vanilla.
I'm getting vietnam flashbacks of when Matt ate the Roach Sushi.
Dude one time when you screamed you scared BOTH of my cats😂😂😂😂😂
I believe the "I smell pennies" meme originated on TikTok with a guy wearing a black robe, bowler hat, and plague doctor mask who turns on lights and says "I SMELL PENNIES" and runs after the guy with the camera
You know what they say: A Penny a day...
Now I want Tom&Jerry episodes overdubbed with Jack's screaming
And I thought every vids of Sean were loud this one is by far the best one
11:17 after the Tik Tok ad popped up
Anybody starting to notice that jacks hair cut makes him look like Joseph seed from far cry 5?
This is how we communicate now
Markiplier:"I'm so tired"

Jacksepticeye:"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH"
Every time jack laughs it makes me not be able to contain my laughs
9:02 when it’s the end of the last day of school
9:00 best one by far
thank jack have not smiled that much in a long time
Literally no one:
Jack: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Everyone now missing an eardrum: o-ok?
make AAA video reacting to vines
this is a perfect scream vid for ya
Best video/videos ever
sean: 
sean : "is this what my channel comes to?" ..... its always been a bunch of screams
Did you change the red light in background or is it fake?
Is Jack going grey? 😭
God I love perfectly cut screams too. Like perfectly cut anything is pure comedic gold; alos…. it's 4 am so even funnier
The "i smell pennies'' meme comes from a TikTok user but i forgot the name .
Glad I'm not the only one enjoying this type of vids...
My cat is sleeping on the floor and I came across Jacks video and was like, “This will be a perfect video for a sleeping cat,” 😂
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
That deer clip gets me every time
I REALLY ENJOY THIS 😂
Man, one day Sean is gonna burst out screaming and turn super septic instead of super saiyan.
Do a part two!
Jack - The Voice of Youtube
Are you going to do more Vacation Simulator
11:46 bruh why isnt the sub button smashed yet
Hey Robin.
You are cool.
Bye
9:01 me during finals
At 9:10 , i saw that video and it KILLS me EVERYTIME
Yes. Robin IS cool. 11:46
when you go to fast 12:42
Please find the dog screaming and the owner holding a cross video
Can we just take a moment to thank Robin for existing?
This came out on my birthday and its officially my favorite video
The "I smell" one is from tic tock
My friend’s mom:

“Did you scoop the dog’s poop?”

My friend:

-
I fUCKING love the screen shake edits 😂😂😂😂😂


Also when the kid smacked the other and sparks flew 😂😂 I lost it
Funniest perfect screams?????
Now it jusy says AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I love you so much 😻💞💞💞
I love you jack but I prefer tiktok
* what goes on in my head when I’m pissed

“FUUUUUUUUuCCCCcCc-“
i dont gag easily,, but the spit one made me gag big time
damn jack becoming grey
Some of the people in Ireland are wildlife-
Our boi. he screm.
6:34 Jack: "Im a giggly boy. Im a laughy kind of man." Me: " you're a laffy taffy?" Jack: "I'm a laffy taffy."  Me: 😁
That dog screaming is 100x funnier when you set the video to half speed.
I  S M E L L   M A C A R O N I   A N D   C H E E S E
The pennies meme is from Soggy Nugget
2:41  i cant stop laughing 😂😂😂😂
sees deer 

Me: She’s a wolf in deer’s clothing
And now for some ear replacement
9:01 Ethan when he did gymnastics
2:38 Puberty has made its entrance
6:58 the lil hairtie
"Some of the people in Ireland are wildlife."

Put it on a shirt.
Everytime I see Sean I always think he has a buzz cut bc of his ponytail and my mind instantly goes to shia labeouf
I smell pennies
When your mother mom walks in with the belt        
3:59
12:44 i thought that the vid was stuck but the audio was still going
Fyi the "I SMELL PENNIES" meme is from tik tok.

Sean: "Tik Tok isn't funny."
Me: "Are you sure about that?"
screaming for 13 minutes and 47 minutes.
i laughed at everything!
We have papertowels in finland. Finland is in Europe.
That koala was so cute
I wonder how long Sean Will last in a zombie apocalypse with him screaming at every second. 





I just imagine Sean Just firing at zombies but you can’t hear the shot fire all you hear is Him yelling at the zombies. 

Narrative : The city was dead and still. The Brocken buildings crumbled at the slightest movement. The zombies roamed the streets. Then in the distance “AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH”
4:58 the best part
Test due tomorrow 
Me: 0:40
secretly wants to scream]
8:35 , 9:07 I SNORTED
Sean: If you didn't chuckle you might be dead inside
Me: Frantically checks pulse
I love the screms!
9:01 when your mom gets the spiked chankla yetus out the window
12:29
Thaaank you Roobin
Editing is 🔑
Jack: "I don't like that at all. 0/10"
Me:  through laughter "I'm an asshole" continues to laugh
My favorite OG YouTube 😊😇
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH




(I loved Tom and Jerry as a kid)
i don't care if Jack doesnt have neighbors for 80 miles i still feel bad for them
Jack has a pony tail?
Teacher: "Did you do your homework?"

Me: 12:29


Teacher: "Ah shit, here we go again."
Jack, you look like a young and brown haired Geralt of Rivia
Jacksepticeye, Father of geese
Shawn wake up ahhh "  i played this over and over 50 times atlest
12:28 THE RESEMBLENCE IS UNCANNY



P.S. are you sure you didnt voice "Tom Cat"?
:( im short soooo..... the Geese would kill meh
rip in peace -_- rest in peace in peace is wut u just said
I think I'm dead
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH. oh my God thankyou for this
:me: “finally I can keep these pennies too myself..”
Jack steps in
:jack: “I SMELL PENNIES!!”
:me: “AHHHHHHHH”
What about Quimcy?  Idk how to spell it sorry😂
12:25 cast jack as Tom
This was the wrong video to watch with a headache 😂
Anyone know where the original of that screaming parkour guy can be found? I can't seem to find it online anywhere 😂
"Yes, shocker, the screaming Irish man enjoys comedy that's littered with screaming" HAHAHAHAHAHA OML I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!
Oh dude.. It's pure gold...
I dont carrot all😂
Perfectly cut swears
4:46 felt so serious
Me: sees spider 10,00000000 light years away
Also me: AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH-
My son's future name shall be connor jack (lastname) maybe I'll switch to to Sean but who knows
i got headache from all these screams
Finally those types of people are gone I can keep all these monies to myself now
Who laughs the most

Markiplyer or jacksepticeye 

Place your votes
Fans: what's ur next vid about?
Jacksepticeye: screams
I’m so happy he did this vid
Jacksepticeye the human version of Tom the cat
What makes me laugh is watching jack start cursing during Hello Neighbor
Why was this so hilarious to me?😂
"I love physical violence!"-Jacksepticeye 2019

Edit: HOLY SHIT, this is the most likes I've ever gotten on a comment. Thanks!
I dont know what to say...WELL YOU SED ME TO LIKE SuBSgdhgjdjk AND COMMENT AAAAHHHHHHHH!
Our sweet baby boys growing some greys
My favourite Irish Drunken Potato appeared on Felix’s channel. Ima so happy! 🤗
Jacksepticeye would either be the worst neighbor or the best. You'd never know what would come each day. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
Should’ve named it “Perfectly Cut Scre-“
I SMELL PENNIES               
I'm laughing right now I was watching the deer scream and I saw a little bit of the truck and it cut to an ad 
Like jack once said "in my mind he turned out okay"😂
It's in the funniest home videos go find it
I love how deer sound cx
6:19 I never knew that Sean liked child pain XD
Jack: if you didnt chuckle then you might be dead


Me: I've been dead since the beginning
Sean, the scream man
Is jack getting grey hair?? 😂 and does he have a little pony? 😂
Jacksepticeye says: * I miss vine * me: guess it's time to unsubscribe
Me AHHHHHHHHHHHH! 3:56 -4:00 SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!  :D
You know it’s a gonna be a good video when jack starts off screaming
All I see when you scream is Gregg screaming and flailing his arms
I  S M E L L  P E N N I E S
you like perfectly cut things does that mean you like perfectly cut dogs?
11:37 ohhhh sr pelo right??.....
Jack: This is all just screaming
Jack pretending to be comenter's: But that all you video's
Jack: screams As I prove that point
Me: AHHHHHHHHHHHH
10:13 So true😂
My throat hurts. My stomach hurts. I laughed too much😂
9:46 maybe paper towel dispensers are actually sentient and everytime we tear a paper towel it's screaming in pain
6:43 how i get woken up everyday be like
I thought this was a video of Jack screaming for 13 minutes straight.
Whene the dear got crushed by the truck it went to ads
we need a 10 hour video of every scream jack has done
Jack when he gets a major hater 0:29
Do you laugh when your gf screams in bed XD sorry oof
This a very calm perfectly normal comme----


ARHGHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
8:11 that's honestly probably the funniest thing in the video, the fact that Jackson thinks he's tall
That was snot not drool
no, i want same great Coke taste no sugar with a hint of added vanilla
Be weary of geknees...
Neighbors look through window 

Sees jack screeching at a computer
And this ladies and gentlemen this is what you get when you live by an Irishman
AA
AAA
AAAA
Ah? AHHH.
Jack being so please by animals screaming is so lovely to watch
0:40 this was put in a perfectly cut screams video
I read the title and said o know
9:00 whats the name of this vine please ?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. THIS MADE ME LAUGH SO HARD. BTW YOU ARE AND ALPHA SCREAMING WOLF 🐺
Kid gets slapped.
Jack: YEAAAAHHH!!!
Full Tom and jerry episode
I S M E L L P E N N I E S
This is the first time I've seen jacksepticeye in a while, and Holy shit he looks good
4:00 I died lol
8:02 I had no idea Felix was a goose. This explains many things.
7:08 i dont think that was spit
PREACH JACK PREACH
13:47 minutes of screams and laughter
You should watch the minecraft ones
11:01 I referenced that vine last night when my mom had to call AAA.
JACK! Are you.....GOING GREY!!
5:26 "Rip in peace" 😂
12:45 screams so hard it froze the camera
I tried so hard to drink water during this ....I had water coming out of my nose
me:  read the title
also me:  volume -99999
Put on some yellow aviators and be the main villain from farcry5
Nobody:

Jack: AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Lol you like laughing at kids getting hurt. (Relatable) ;)
Geese did drown someone
8:39 💀💀💀💀‼️
3:55 please i need that video
I fell down laughing
The Office reference at the end tho
"RIP in peace" 
Jacksepticeye 2019
Jacks gettin white hair, he gettin old,








Jk
I apologize on behalf on all goose attacks on your family Jack
jack went total Norse a friend is dead Neal's in honor we will get revenge
aa
aaa
AAAA!
Mom: "if you yell imma yell"
But what if it wasnt me who started it?!
My goodness my landlord would kill me
Love it. What about goofy scream
Since when jack got 50 years old?
8;15 well then i'm going to be fighting rather than running
"do you miss vine?"
Tik tok ad plays
..more than you know
*Directly after ad*"Now all we have is stupid tik tok!"
I like perfectly cut CAKE LOL
Awww Jack thinks he is tall...
Does anybody have the original video or the title of the meme at 3:57? I can’t find it anywhere
They go for the knees
sees title

turns up volume all the way
Havent laghed this hard in a while
1:35 that wasnt the original.
I SMELL PENNIES!!!
LOOK AT HIS TINY BABY PONYTAIL XD
LITERALLY ME ON DAILY BASIS:

LEFT BRAIN:i want to eat something or buy a NEW console.

RIGHT BRAIN:AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGLGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHH.
4:18 But I did tho...
the husky was making the noise
Dive into our world of TikTok and then and only then shall you understand the ways of the cult~ Join is with the pennies~~
omg....IS JACK HAIR TURNING GREY???? NOO HES OLD
What if I told you that 11:46 proves that Robin isn't even subscribed
nice pink hair thingiee you got there jack :P  but please keep up the good screams
so you're telling me that Jujimufu and Sean should collaborate is what im hearing
Now it just says AhHhHhHhHhHhHhH
Can someone please send jack that TikTok of the guy from 9:17 running into the room, running up a ramp and then running down into a foam pit?
That's what forgiveness sounds like. Screaming then silence
The laugh board feels offended jack u mean 😓
My gamer face is just like i took a lot of drugs
Deer be like 

eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeAAAAAAAAHHHHH
Canadian geese are demonic spawn and if you like them, you are also demonic spawn
Thanks for coming to my TEDTalk.
"she's a wolf in mouse clothing" would of been good in this video
He needs to watch the sneeze doggo video
who knew that screaming will make jack Laugh
0:35


Me :  Ah, shit, here we go again.
I noticed jack has gray hairs.....HE DOES AGE, HE’S HUMAN!!!!!!!!
I SMELL PENNIES 🐧
2:40 me on Mondays.
0:00 when the video starts
Like your pony tail jack
The original one is people wearing foam heads in hoodies
this literally made my entire week
That deer is cute
8:40 DashieGames be like
Jack SUBNAUTICA has big update.  Pls play it man
whats funny in this... you could let the scream continue and it would be more funny.
7:41 oh look it’s robin from teen titans
Oooooooh yeah man. Canadian geese are ornery motherfuckers. Take it from a true maple
Jack was those screams the result of looking at ricegums ugly mug if so I don’t blame you 😂😂😂
We all come for the screaming QUALITY CONTENT!
2:42 when you just sit down and ur mom asks you to do something
Rip in piece
father of geese
I DIED of laugh AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Can we...just appreciate Robin's editing?! Cuz this was absolutely hilarious!!
6:18 Jackspedicey sees a video of a black african child getting slapped: YAEEEH
I love Finn’s iconic scream from Adventure Time. It’s the perfect scream.
battery AAA=AAAAAAH
Jack a hasn't seen present mic yet. Someone please show this child my hero academia and have him see AllMght and Hizashi.

In present mic voice
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
I forgot my phone wasn't connected to my headphones in the middle of my comp sci building and apparently my volume was at max
"AAAAAHHHHHHH perfectly cut screams"
Filled the area. Nice.
No Minecraft creepers?
Jackseptieye look like joseph seed
AAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Me going to a baseball game: why is it so loud wait it’s coming from jack
I could just imagine a screaming competition right about now:
Tarzan: OHHHHHHHH WOAUHHHHHHH OHHHHHH
George of the Jungle: OHHHHHH WOAHHHHH
Tom: AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Jack: Hold my dirty bean water--
Me & fans: Ah shit, here we go again...
Why do you look like Baldur from God of War 4?
9:01
Pewdipie: ha ha ha
Jack: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I haven't watched you in a year and now I'm scared



You look like the stranger from god of war
This is original content because of the day like god Jackie is sitting there screaming in that makes it original
I don't know why I assumed this to be some Metal stuff but ok. I still enjoyed.
Why isnt pewds video quality and lighting this good man
I smell pennys
eeeeeeeeeeeeeEEEEAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
There's nothing quite as funny as watching  jacksepticeye!
Yay! More Jacksepticeye!🙂❤️❤️❤️😁👍🥰
I miss tom and jerry too 😥
Tom's scream at 12:15 reminds me of the song with the screaming cowboys
Why does Sean look like he’s part of a metal band ._.
Pro YouTube content
Hey Jack I love you and your content, but my son's don't. Your screamimg just made my three grown up son's come running down stairs as they thought I was murdering someone in the living room pmsl
Then all went back upstairs mumbling and moaning like Muttley about having to come down stairs because of bloody jackspeticeye LMFAO
I lost a tooth while watching this
Oh no you’re greying already
I   S M E L L   P E N N I E S
Whats the vid at 9:00s name
Jack screams 

Goats:AHHHHHHHH
Australians: ITS 2AM IN THE MORNIG GET BACK TO SLEEP
is it funny i was playing dark souls 3 and died when this came up at 4:59
When i was 4, i was chased by a goose and it bit me in my back right as my mom picked me up. I was bleeding so we left the park.
Thats from TikTok
i like cut of swearing
so fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu---
i named one of my plants after the AAAA vine
9:00 anybody knows where can i find this video on youtube? xDD
I just feel sorry for your neibours
Aging has hit jack hard
Jack:(looks at camera)


Me:


Jack:(still looking at camera)


Me:


Jack: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH


Me: BE JUSES CHRIST
giggly boi
Ur hair is kinda grey.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Roses are red.
Touching kids is not okay.
Jacksepticeyes hair is going Grey.
child gets hit
Jack: laughs
this is not hate its a joke.
That’s not the original “I smell pennies” video
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took a goose to the knee
Aw yis, Tom and Jerry. I still have a Jerry plushie, had him for over 20 years
Mom: Why is that Irish on drugs
Me: He’s just on laughing drugs no big deal
There's nothing quite as funny as the frozen camera
Can someone please tell me the name of that clip of 9:01 please. :')
Dentist: Open wide
Me: AAAAHHHHHHHHHH
Sean McLaughlin it is then
Jack, me and my girlfriend are going through a miscarriage, and watching ur videos help us laugh and lighten the mood... we probably would be driven apart by now if it weren't for your videos, you do so much more for people than you even realize, I appreciate you and what you do so much, although I've never met you I feel like I know you, love you Jack!!
Finally i have some extra pennies to keep to myself
WRYYYYYYYYY..
So good
4:56

CHEEZUS
He screams exactly like Tom, goddamn, that's how powerful Jack is xd
4:45

can't  believe jack hates gus johnson, rip Gus
Oh wow, seeing Jack's gray hair is really messing me up. I mean, he certainly isn't old it's just so vastly different from that neon green hair he used to have.
this made me laugh so hard.
Why does jack look like cap in infinity war 🤔
I feel sorry for Jack's neighbours with all those screams
JACK, FATHER OF THE GEESE!!!
Why a pony tail
Seán reminds me of such a father figure its crazy. Wrong video to post this comment on but I got the feel, you know? Hes a great guy.......and super funny and loud too. :)
2:43
Lol
Sean: *screams^


Sr. Pelo: YoU dArE oPpOsE mE mOrTaL
"I hope y'all make a comment on the video" ok jack
I want Mac and cheese
g i g l y b o y
finally someone gets my fear of geese
6:15 - Actual footage of every sibling ever, don't you lie
Btw the guy from 9:01 is a youtuber called Jujimufu.
You look like a barbarian
Why is no on talking about how that dog screamed like a human
Dye your hair green again!!!!!!
I forgot to cut the toilet break
I forgot to add a thumbnail
I forgot I had an important call
I forgot to drink coca cola zero sugar with added vanilla taste
Jack : Takes a pee break
Robin: It's Free Real Estate
Jack:*goes to pee and it doesn't get edited out*
Me: Ahhh, it's the Undertale let's play all over again.
"When you're right, you're right and when you're wrong...you're me"
-Jacksepticeye 2019
Jack: "I realize I'm probably yelling a bit loud"


THE NEXT DAY…


Jack: ****
KINDERGARTEN 2 DEMO IS OUT GET JACK TO SEE!!!!


Thanks for da likes and tryin to get jack to see!
I LAUGHED SO HARD WHEN HE SAID "I'm making my own flavour of coca cola, coca cola mint..... it's not good"
Nobody:

Jacksepticeye: i don't have an addiction.
jack makes money off us being addicted to his videos so he's kinda a drug dealer
Neighbor complains*
jack: i think i'm a bit loud
jack: you know what its the neighbors fault for scolding me this late I've been recording videos in this house for quite a long time, they didn't complain right?
HEY! Please don't go to the next island when you still have items. you can't take them with you! If you don't place them down before you go, you'll just waste valuable points!



LiKe So JaCk CaN sEe!
Jack: swallows mint whole







YouTube community : Story Time: MY FRIEND ALMOST CHOKED AND DIED!?!?!?!? ( not clickbait) ( gone wrong)







Edit: omg thx for 69 likes🤣. I’ve never gotten that many
Jack were is my mint I said yes I’ve had my hand out for about 5 hours now 








Jack GIVE IT!!!!!!
Jack: "this is going to be a calming quiet video" 
Later in the video...
Jack: "OHH YEAH"
"It's not about doing your best, It's about not doing your worst"      37:07

😂😂😂

😂😂😂

Jackspedicey23         -2019
Well Jack, if you consider an island can have many different cities, it is possible to have more than one city centre.
For instance, the UK is an island with many cities, therefore many city centres.
Your Welcome.
Sincerely, 
A Very Patronising Fan.
Jack: have you subscribed yet? without even knowing the content?
Me: Jack you forgot something...
Jack: Ah Yes DO YOU HAVE 90 MINUTES TO TALK ABOUT MY TOUR HOW DID WE GET HERE!?
Me: Perfect.
Today has been a very hard and emotional day for me. Ive been constantly crying for like 9 hours. But only 5 seconds into the video and you're  already cheering me up, and making me laugh and smile when no one else could, or rather I have no one that could.

I've never asked for likes but if you can, please like this so that Jack may see how just by being himself and doing what he does can really help someone
What jack didn’t know, I really DO like the vid before even watching ;^;
JSE: 'your breath is nasty'
ME:*toothbrush still in mouth, o_o complete betrayal*
Coca cola with mint? How 'bout with mentos? 

tHat mUSt be DELICIOUS
Me wanting to watch a jacksepticeye video: "oh yeah boi jacksepticeye posted"
Me seeing the first ten seconds "what the heck is Sean doing"
Clicks on Jacks Video
Ears:*Chuckles* Im in Danger
“Life isn’t about doing your best, it’s about not doing your worst.” -Jacksepticeye 2019
*doesnt edit pee brake*






Me: I’m having war flashbacks to the Undertale days🤣
I don't have an addiction to this channel! I can quit at any time I want! Like right now even!....

But I don't really want to quit right now.... so I'll watch the video....
Jack: goes on a pee break
Robin: nah not gonna edit it out
Me: AAAAAAAAAAAAA UNDERTALE
Jack: TOP OF A MORning to yah laddies my name is jacksepticeye and welcome back to islanders.. sorry i was prob to loud... 
me: jack? being loud? wait... who are you and wheres the real jacksepticeye?!
"When you're right, you're right. If you're wrong, you're me"
-JackSepticEye 2019
This is the reincarnation of the infamous "pee break"
Jack: Have you like this video before it started, before you saw what the content is yet?
Me: No, I don't think I di---
blinks with confusion at the blue thumbs up
Jack: laughs That's youtube!
Hey jack now you can make bases on different planets,have custom spacesuits and new launch areas in kerbal space program 
Try playing it now
is it bad that (if made right) that 'mint cola' sounds good ;^;
35:05 this is what you're looking for. It's not as interesting as you probably thought it was though.
Roses are red
Ketchup is too
My comment got a like !
Oh wait ....... it’s blue
How is this video 19 hours old but has 477000 views
I expected more

Also proof that I am not addicted
I watch this after 19 hours
I'm a terrible fan
"IMPORTANT CALL" But sees thumbnail.....
Jacksepticeye:you know those games

Me at 9:59:oh yeah I know those  game

me in my mind: IVE GOT NO CLUE WHAT HES TALKING ABOUT!!!!!

Lots of love jack!❤❤❤
Now Hows The Important Call?
5:48 is it because you have mints and too much....



Yeah i dont much say it.
5:56 O.0 how did he know?????! 😰🤔 really though just as this part came up in the video, I was pulling my blanket over my head so that the only thing peeking out was my face to see my phone screen and I just paused and was like..... wait what!? 😗
As we see here Irish Vikings conquering islands 

1069 B.C (colorized)
10:03

Sean: Oh, oh, oh...

Me: IT'S MAAAAAGIC
"I'm not addicted. YOU'RE addicted to this channel!"

Me: Why, yes, I am :D
"65 is the highest thing I'll ever get in this game" there was 67 lol
whenever he does the pee break joke, i always want there to be like really loud cartoon sound effects of liquid pouring for a really long time while jack's like "aaaaaaaaaah yeeeeeaaaah thats better" toilet flushing "oh shit my watch!" etc lol
the poop noise xD your such a liar that you washed your hands 




the undertale lets play is happening again
Jack react to YouTube civil war plz it's hilarious
Jack: *TOP OF TH- morning to ya laddies < complains that he was a little to loud> 






Me: After all these years and you just noticed this?
Jack: Have You Liked This Video B4 You Even See What The Content Is?

Me: Oh Yea! Thanks For Reminding Me ☺  Goes And Likes from every e-mail I have
Sean: I think I’ll go with twelve George!

I’m pregnant Trevor.
Been watching you since you were playing happy wheels
Capitalism: Island

Communism: We-sland
One like = 1 Coca Cola sponsorship for Jacksepticeye👍
This is how many times Sean said "over accomplish." 
|
|
v
Jacksepticeye: Coca-mint
Me: If you do that with Pepsi you can get a good drink with that and some Peppermint schnapps. It taste almost exactly like mint
Nobody:
Jack:HAVE A MINT YOUR BREATH STINKS!!!
Jack: ah i'm lame


Me: no your not lame your my hero
28:10
Jack: You can edit out this pee break.
Robin: No.
I taught you was addicted to satisfactory ;)
Jack: thats too much power a boy should have
Me: You mean BOY
5:58
I'm outside in a tree 🌳


It's uncomfortable also Jack pls see dis like so he does please?🤔
No one:


Nothing:

Absolutely nothing:

Sean: 
Thanks for taking my call Jack!
Sean it may be one island there IT CAN HAVE MOR THAN ONE CITY SEAN!!!
I'm sorry I can't be able to watch your videos I've been busy
I love your channel and all the games you play I just wonder if there will be more satisfactory coming out from you
Jack you know me too good
Wait...you actullay don't know me
You only know me as a fan
welp lemme grab a Coke Zero with a hint of vanilla
Jack... 1 island, multiple towns (cities), multiple town centers (city centers).
Jack: "I'm beginning to think that"
Me: you'll never get a Coke sponsorship
haven’t been to the channel in a while .... you have a beard and ur green hair is gone. 

it’s been a while hasn’t it

uPDATE HE HAS A PONYTAIL I FORGIVE HIM FOR NOT HAVING GREEN HAIR ANYMORE
Imagine if this happened during the recording. 


Jack: TOP OF THE-

 
Jack: Wait hold on guys important phone call.



Jack: Alright... 

Jack: -MORNING TO YA LADDIES!
"you can edit out this pee break"
Doesn't edit it out
If you look Closely at 8:04 EXACT FRAME, you can see he could have gotten 19 rather than 18... isnt much but its the Butterfly Effect. Small things make big changes.

Edit: FOUND ANOTHER BUT BETTER
If you go to , then go frame by frame on PC using the , and . buttons, you can see him get +69

Nice.
Yup actually liked before the vid even started. :)
Jack was giving an amazing @Contrapoints impression at the start.
“I realized I’m screaming a bit loud.”
First- screaming is loud
Second- who ARE YOU?
Ey, where is satisfactory and sabnautica below zero bring it back
time code for when jack actually gets on the call plz?
Jack you’ll always be a king to us, THE KING OF BOSS!!!!!


He’s my big inspiration to do video games for the first time!! 😋
Jack: "you're a  fun successful person"
Me: "I am?"
35:05 is what you came for 😜
If you wanna say thanks, I'd love your feedback on some of our game-play! ❤️
TOP OF THE-*quietly*morning to ya ladies
ME-JACK WHAT HAVE YOU DOOOOOONE!
17:43
Jack: 21!
Me: BLACKJACK!
Thinks about what I just said 
Me:🤦🏻‍♂️ That was a lame.
Jack has learned clickbait with the title😂😂 love your vids jack, never give up
Wow jack we have the same last name what a coincidence
Can you teach me about Ireland i have a project about it and i need help
Sean! Puerto Rico (being relatively big) has 81 cities (so theoretically 81 city centers). That being said, an island as small as the ones in the game would probably normally have like 10+ ’city centers’. If this was a joke and I don’t catch on just hit me with the r/whoooosh.
Thanks for letting him here 2019
You should make a video of the new game cyberpunk2077
Jack: ‘have you clicked like yet even though you haven’t seen the video’

Me: liked the video before it even loaded in
Aaaaaaaaactually, a triangle for example has 4 different centers: orthocenter, circumcenter, incenter and the centroid, which are all determined differently (unless the triangle is equilateral, in that case all centers are in the same place).
Wait, I've just exposed myself as a big nerd, ABORT ABORT!
9:18

Ah. A PokeAwesome reference. I see your a man of culture as well.
... Loud no. Me being deaf watching jacks vids no. Cursing. FUCCC-
JACKKKKKKKKK can you do some more vacation simulator?
We need more Satisfactory! Please don't tell me you've forgot the whole game after you said you were addicted to it!
I think that Jack put cocaine I his coffee just maybe and he almost might be drunk
What a nice thumbnail. When your mom sees u watch po....... Family friendly😂
35:14 Robin snuck in and stole your headphones idk why that came to my head it just did
Nobody: 

Nothing: 

Jack:  (le voice crack)
Who's on the call? The FBI?


Did you do bad things without going incognito?
Offers mint
Jack: Your breath stinks!"
Me: I just brushed my teeth...
1 minute in and jack is already exposing me
You should play Forager. Also the Subnautica below zero snowfox update.
Hey, Jack! 
Satisfactory has released an update! New vehicle, improved conveyors . . . and mining explosives.
NEW! Coca Cola™ Mint!
"It's not good." -Sean McLaughlin 
In stores near you.
What happened with that intro? Jfc. I swear you had a voice crack and tried playing it off xD
Jack, it's "unplugged" not "plugged out."
Hah, you didn't say we couldn't correct you for that! >=3
I just realized at the start of the vid he sounds kinda like Alaska Thunderfuck.
Jack: Islanders... I - Landers.. Islanders.
Me: SKYLANDERS
Jacksepticeye endorses:
 Coca-Cola Irish Flavour 
~~~Minty Time~~~~~
 "Doesn't taste so good."
Jack: "you're probably all wrapped up in blankets"


Me:who did he know?!?!?
Jack you can have 4 city centers because you can have more than one city lol
I wish I were wrapped up in a blanket right now! They're taking the windows out in my office building and putting in new ones AND IT'S COLD IN MN RIGHT NOW.
That moment you know someone named trevor and your eyes go. OwO
TREVOR WHAT DID YOU DO
“It’s not about doing your best it’s about not doing your worst.” 

Words to live by!
Jack goes to pee
Doesn't get edited out
Jack talks on phone
gets edited almost instantly

Me: Bruh i want to see the drama. BRROOO?
:what kind of coke is that Jack?!
:FUCKERS MINT!
I like to pronounce islanders in odd ways:

Is land ERs? I slanders!
wouldn't they technically be...three cities...on one island?
35:13

Jack “HOLD ON” 

Me: one Mississippi 

Jack:  

Me: DAMMIT
TOP OF the morning.......... HILARIOUS 😂😂 the volume went down slowly
I'm not addicted to your videos I can stop anytime......after I watch these next 50 videos from jacksepticeye




XD
One island can have multiple cities with there own individual center
(Reading the title)
Me: Coke sponsorship!?
I can just imagine jack playing this while singing "damn it feels good to be a gangster"
jack's epic eye does this ring any bells
Person:how did you die 
Jack:CHOKED ON A MINT!!!!
I think I know why Jack never got a coke sponsorship now😂😂😂
Drug dealer: You want a mint
Child: OOOH! FRESHNESS!
Jack: "I'm not addicted to this game.. you're addicted to ..this channel. These videos." 
Me: looks at JSE tattoo "yeah, you're right" 😂
hey jack knows my addiction. its true!!!!!!!!! it all started on the first video i ever watched. i just couldn't stop. some pls help!!!!!!!
Jack I love your videos so much always make me laugh thank you for being a good YouTuber
Only me who keeps thinking "Tahir!!!" everytime Jack says "here"?
roses are red
tooth and paste 
this doesn’t make sense
coke zero with added vanilla taste
A chill game with nice, relaxing music in the background
Jack: I'm not going down without a fight!
Jack: Have you liked this video before it even starts yet?


Me: OH NO! HE FOUND OUT OUR SECRET!!! SCATTER!!!!!!!
Sean: You are addicted to my channel.
Me: Hell yeah duuuude, i wuv u shion...❤
When your right your right
When your wrong...YOUR me

Sean-2019
Me:*Sees the title*
Also me:*oh jack this isnt about the diamonds is it*?
Who else just liked the video before it started?
To be that person who points out "Well, actually...": What if having several city centres just means there are multiple cities on the island?
Sean I'm your BIGGEST fan! I💟 you keep doing what your doing , and as always, STAY A BOSS!!!
"65 is the highest"

67 apears on screen the next second😂
"Technically your thoughts are in the future and your mouth is living them in the past" -Jacksepticeye 2019
25:07 he brought back twisty fresh nips
0:44
I think he is broken... 😂
Islanders Islanders islanders...TOP OF THE MORNING TO YA LADIES
“I don’t have an addiction! You have an addiction! To this channel!” 
Me: you right
since wen has jack ever been quiet 0-0 im amazsed X3
The intro is everything 😂👏
HOW DID YOU GUESS I WAS IN MY BLANKET?!?!?!?!
Something is off about our Jackaboi...






He isn't as loud as normal.
Oh water and islands and stuff?

Sounds like how subnautica Below Zero got an update adding a ton of above ground stuff and new biomes, along with a new leviathan... HMMMM
I think Clover broke through that bridge 1 thousand years ago.😞
A builder with a sore throat:
 "I need more walls and more Halls!"
"I want easy versions of the good things that I already have" - Jacksepticeye 2019.
Family: don’t do it
Friends don’t do it
Friend who’s party I’m going to: Don’t do it
Me: brings 18 Bottles of Vanilla Coke, same great taste but now I with zero sugar
I LOVE UR GAMES JACK KEEP DOING GREAT VIDEOS 😊 KEEP SMILING
"That's an analogy for life. It's not all about doing your best, it's about not doing your worst"

-JackSepticEye 2019
Jack, are you coming back to Satisfactory? What about Subnautica: Below Zero?
I shouldn't have laughed as hard as I did in his intro."TOP OF THE MORNing to you laddies.."
I'm not ashamed though 😂
I miss the previous islands Jack made,I want to see them again.
I actually am in a blanket
Oi Jack, if you got the time, look up "Jacksepticeye voiceover" on youtube and enjoy that

(also nice video)
Did you guys know jack is kinda mentioned in mk11 if you go to kano's eyes and you keep going down you will find Jack's epic eye
Its fine Jack... it always happens to me When Im in class
Jack: "YOu CoUlDv'e sEeN mE dIE liVe oN CaMEra"
"well no you wouldn't cause it wouldn't be uploaded then"
Robin:".... are you sure about that?"
Jack can you please play days gone? I luv ya, keep up the good work!
*Ourlanders
Russian national anthem plays
Sean! Play more TABS EPIC ROGER BATTLE!
Jack, "Little Misfortune" demo is out! It's from the same people who made FRAN BOW ! Will you consider playing it? :)
THAT START LOL 😂 

Great video btw
Hey Jack if you places here you can actually have a lot of city centres
I love how wonderfully clickbaity the Islanders videos titles are lmao
Gotta be one of my favourite series on the channel at the moment.
Yes, Sean, I do have an addiction to this channel.
Jack:Have you liked this video before it started?
me:How do you know??!
my breath feels gross


Me: dUDe lowkey was vaping and choked
Jack did you know that you are a special guest in peace, death!!!!
jackaboy, dear, you missed a 72 for the wooden houses     


p.s. luv u keep doin good work
Hello all I'm a bit late but that's okay right? As long as no one tells Jack we will all be fine right?
Holy crap I’ve never been this early before.

Anyways, dat ASMR at the beginning lmao
Jack:  your breath smells bad.
Me: oh, ok.
The way he fitted everything into place appeased my slight OCD
:) This video made me happy Jack. Thanks for the upload!
Part of me says do it
Part of me says don't
I liked my own comment
Because I know you won't
I landorus,you landorus,I landorus
WE ALL LANDORUS
you sound like james in walking dead in the intro xD
Thanks for appreciating my addiction Jack✌🏻😂
36:58  Sean, you missed the -10 for the temple, early on.  You might have been able to get more points by adding the wall around there, but I still don't think you would have made it to the next pack of things to place (you might have gotten +1 or +6 or something when you needed +27)...  You still did well.  Nice job.
He protecc
He attacc
But most importantly he
Brought the top of the mornin bacc!
You should spend more time on one single island, until its fully crowded.
I love seeing the cute lil cities get spawned!
Jack can you suport me on my youtube chanol tipe in skullbreaker mod menu
Jack!! In mortal kombat 11 there is a cosmetic item called: Jack's epic eye. Did you know this?

Like so Sean sees this.
Jack: your probably all cozy in your blankets

Me: yes I am mine is super cozy it looks like camel hair
Jack: I need more walls, and more halls!
Me: Fa lalalala lala lala?
Is anyone gonna point out that Jack might have a man bun? (18 secs) IDK howto do a link to it RIP :c
An important call. I'm surprised he didn't use his Gojo. 

riNg riNg
EvErYoNe: HellO, OnE miSsiSsiPpi. YEs, I aM eMailiNg yOu as wE spEak. 


I hate myself. :P
At the start he sounded like tribore from final space
I'm gonna make a new coca cola flavor! MINT flavor! drinks
first thirty seconds Lovely asmr Jack, who knew someone with the title of loudest person in the world could make such amazing asmr.....🤣🤣🤣
NO jack..when I'm wrong I'm still me I don't become jack.





Did u take YoUr jacka class.
Islannderrsss 😂💙

Also, I just messaged my mum with your little Coke speech because she FORGOT to buy me a can yesterday. Such blasphemy. 😂🤷🏼‍♀️
Pls make another Satisfactory video!!!!!! Good Vid tho
37:07 "It's not all about doing your best, it's about not doing your worst" And now we have a "low effort" version of PMA: NNA (non-negative attitude) XD
This game lowkey reminds me of polytopia (which y'all should play, not just Jack)
Actually you can have multiple city centers but technically the biggest one is number one that’s what she said🤣
Nice A-Team reference!
Just wanted to say thank you for making me laugh and helping me in a difficult point in life
"You can't have three city centres on one island!"
"The new coke flavor, Coke Cola Mint!
its not good
👌best slogan of the century👌
Am I the only one that's worried that satisfactory might be discontinued
This is one of my favorite series from you right now. Keep it going!!!
Hey! Irish Guy talking about Islands. Pretty informative! LoL!
2:45 "This first island doesn't really matter all that much" 2:58 "You're great island, I love you..." What your co-workers probably say behind your back lol
jack: i'm a genius

me: yes u are jack :D
TOP OF THE MOrning to you laddies
There can be multiple city centres because there’s multiple city’s
you should play the new Days Gone zombie game.
Today's fact: The Palm Islands in Dubai are among the top engineering marvels of the world, considering that they are man-made islands built entirely of sand and rocks.
Imagine jack goin in the background:ooooo yea best pee ever! XD
Jack:we're all landers 
Me:you are cringelanter
JAAAAAACK YA CPULDVE GOTTEN 67 FOR THE SHAMAN SHACK
Jack, don't be like ninja, I'm questioning if your still the same boss you where? That intro was weak
Jack: have a mint your breath is nasty

Me:    self esteem  -52
2015 beard: level 20 crook
2019 beard: level 999 LIKE A BOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSS!!!!!!
If you build on a island more even with having the next unlocked you can get more points with the current buildings
One thing he did not notice before is that if he places something on the trees it gets rid of it and lowers the score for that building
"When you are right, you are right... And when you're wrong, you're me."
-Sean Mclaughlancington 2020
I believe 
Ibelieve in you
I believe
I believe in steve
 In steve oh yeah in steeve
Grab the glory all the way to victory
Wait... u left to go to the bathroom and....what? 
Can someone give me the time stamp of this?
"its not always abt doing your best. sometimes its abt... not doing your worst" lmaojsjsjs
I always hit like before your vids start 😂😂 love you!!
Viewers: so are you sponsored by coke?




Jack: yes, but actually no
I did Like before it started.
I usually do, in case I forget after, but in this case I've seen someone else play this and I knew I'd enjoy this.
Jack: my mouth feels gross... but that probably just from all that sucking di-"
Me: Relatable
Ah good days!, I like "run 3 unblocked" when playing real games at Run3unblockedio from school
Jack: you can’t have multiple city centers
Me: but you can have multiple citees on the same island and they can all have centers
TOPPA THE MO RNing..to ya
...laddies
Well expecting coca cola zero sugar with added vanilla flaver sponsorship next time
Jack: I'm pregnant Trevor
Trevor: NONI!?
Jack play subnutica bellow zero   huge update . Like so Jack can see
Ooooooh yeah jack... This vid gets an early like XD
Jack: "Your breath is nasty!"
Me: "Probably!" continues to eat 3 day old pizza and drink Dr Pepper
Metra-polis you mean it pronounced ma-trapolis
No one:


Nothing:

Absolute nothing:

Sean: 
So no one is going to talk about the obvious ali A style click bate hu
Always like a video before I ever watch it
You have to do the same
Hi Jack pls make more reading your comments i love you
Are the State equivalent in Ireland Provences?Weird question
Jack did you now there was an update to subnautica below zero its called snow fox update
Jack: goes to pee and it isn't edited out

Me: Ah shit, here we go again
0:57-1:00 gasps "oh no jackseptieye figured out my secret"
28:47 Jack! 🥺🥺🥺
“ You have an addiction... to these videos, to this channel”
So true
What ever happend Satisfactory
Jack's changed recently. Now he's kinda laid back, and is overall chill and talkative... but in a random way. I can dig it. :)
I didn't sub today I subbed 5years ago 😂😂
Long time subscriber ever since kerbal space program and little inferno possibly even longer
watching jacksepticeye videos be like

headphone death noise
wait for the hard one 
5 seconds later OOO!
Was the intro just you working up?😂
Where’s the Coke Sponsorship
Jack: Did you like the video before it even starts? Before you even see what the content is?
Me: looks at the already blue like button Well, I mean... Yeahhhhh...
Actually I always like ur vids before I see the title I know I will love them
"A lumber pack for a lumber jack." You ain't a lumber though jack.
The thumbnail is an weird flex but ok
0:56 I don’t have an addiction you do. To this channel 
Me: true
Jack: coke
Sean: gaelic gladiator
Phone call: non-existent
Robin: doesn't edit out piss break
Hotel-Trivago
Legend has it Sean won't pin this comment
PLEASE PLAY MORE OF THIS IT'S SO GOOD
"You can't have 3 centers of one thing"
Doesn't realize you can have one center of multiple objects
I'd love to see a "science with jacksepticeye" video of him studying the building point benefits and withdraws and solving this town builder with quick maths cx
Omg how did you know I liked it even before the video started
Jack talks about Coca-Cola 


Me just tearing up bc my banned me from cola for 2 weeks
jack: "you can't have three centers"
me: well if you cut it in thirds...
5:59
He said this right after I wrapped myself up in a blanket... wtf??? 😂
Sean: there is nothing better than 65
Game: flashes 67
when you go to like the video, you've realized you already did it haha. your the best Galic Gladiator Ever
Jack please the game try this side up gameplay

It’s yeet hilarious game that you would love
Hold on Jack doesn't Ireland have more than one city? and isn't Ireland an Island?. Hmm Great vid though
No one:





Jack:(swallows mint) I NEARLY CHOKED AND DIED
I'm drinking a coke zero while watching this
i looked away for like 30 seconds because my cats were mad about something and managed to miss the call rip


need some cat pma up in here
Jack you are correct im addicted to your energy and your vids god damn you
“65 is the highest I ever gotten” Misses +67
actually jack, it may be one island BUT you can have more then one city on said island meaning each city would have a city center.  XD Sorry I had to
Jack apparently you are mentioned in MK11
0:44 
When you yell at a friend in public and everyone turns to you
Putting the temple on the plateau reminds me of the city of Vivec in Morrowind
How did you know I was watching you when I was in my blanket 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I love how jack wants to get sponsored by coke but keeps saying, Eww tastes horrible after eating mints
Me: 👏....... 👏
Have you done your daily support for your favorite youtubers?
Disable your adblock and reload the page, to get your favorite youtubers some money.
Have a good day! :)
The temple messed him up again
16:55 if rt played this game the title would be "Using class divide to colonize the Pacific in Islanders"
Satisfactory pls more pls
I always like the video before I see it🤷 it's jack, gonna love it🖤💜
Jack: "Here, have a mint"
Me: Runs to kitchen to get a mint
the beginning reminds me of Jim Carrey 😂
14:20 Jack: “booyaka” Me: -sha! 😎🐀🐢🐢🐢🐢
You can't have three city centers! That's science with Jack!
bruheffect#2.mp3
That smooth intro so nice and awsome before the break for a tic tac 💚😶
Love that intro ☕️
Wow jack is psychic, I did like the video before watching and I'm wrapped up in blankets.
Short poem: 
I have cracked the code,
Of this game,
No I haven't,
I am lame.
-Jacksepticeye 2019
16:08 "I don't want to toot my own phallus, but I think... I might be the greatest." - Jack, 2019
Islanders?More like Irelanders
This is not going to go well, said Jack as he got +42
Watership down refrences
Youlanders.
Islanders.
Welanders
OURlanders
You can have more than 1 city centers if there is more than 1 city
Hi Jack your score was 3525 😄
STILL GETTING THAT COLA COKE SPONSER
Was that a gears of war reference? 

BOOM
Mom, Jack isn't able to pick this and kids are drinking beer and I was like chill, this is a Wendy's drive through-Jacksepticeye 2019
Islanders? More like*IRELANDERS*

I swear, if he makes this joke after I've commented because I haven't watched yet
'You have an addiction! to these videos, this channel'


Look Sean, I didn't come here for an intervention XD
TOWN'S CENTER NOT THE ISLAND'S
-Everyone that likes to correct jack
I always click the like button before I actually watch the video!! 😁😁
When Jack starts the video with asmr and not making our ears bleed XD
When you realise his name is actually sean
"Well your probably wraped up in blankets" no jack actually im doing my homework that is 2 weeks late while drinking coffee and eating 2 full bagels its a sad day jack
Jack is saying wrong pronounced is-lander
*Scrolls down
*YouTube says 20 Comments
*Sees 0 Comments
hmm
Three towns 1 island that's SCIENCE
28:47 So is your face Sean, but you don't see any of your loyal commenters complaining. 🤣 A face only a mother can love!
(Ps. I'm joking, I love you Sean. Not a fan of the beard but I'm not going to complain seeing as we all know how many years it took you to grow it). 😝
You islanders 
Me islanders 
We all islanders 
Hotel Travigo
Subnautica had a update so get a nother video on it please thanks keep it up my guy
Jack: YOU have an addiction! To this channel! To these videos!

Me: 😊yeah...😁that's accurate...
Thanks for the likes!
10:29 did jack turn into a Australian stereotype for a minute
Circumcenter, centroid, and orthocenter are typically distinct points on a triangle.
Masons work with stone, clay, and brick for construction purposes.
There is a new subnautica update plz play it :)
Jack: you're probably all cozy in your blankets


Me: i'm shirtless
he protecc
he attacc

bust most importantly

he succin dicc
You can put the brewing pack in the desert
JACK STOP GOING TO NEW ISLANDS DO THE ONE YOUR ON TILL YOU CAN NO MORE THAN MOVE thanks
I’m drinking the same coke great same taste zero sugar while your drinking same coke great same taste zero sugar
If the mint Jack ate were mentos, he would be a 'splode!
Jack when will you make another subnatica below zero video.Cant call your self the subnatica king 👑 if you don’t play subnatica🍀😆
You should play world war z or days gone
Subscribed when had 1 MIL so ya I did
Hope you're feeling better Jack! Gotta remember to take care of yourself! We love our smol bean💚
0:49 "I realize I probably yelling a bit loud..." 
A Jack that apologies first thing? This Canadian Jack can't be the real jack!
What is this??? Who are you??? Bring back the real Jack!!!
at least  I got my top a the morning to ya and you to jack
i saw a 17 at start of vid
36:08 Let's go all the way.
If they do make coke-a cola mint, they have to give you royalty.
Clickbait? There was no phone call
Jack
Remember your hollow knight series?
Ya gotta fuckinn finish it because team cherry has just shouted SILKSONG and the entire hk community is on hype drugs xd
What if when getting a city pack ur building another city, so it has to have a centre. Multiple centres for multiple cities
Jacksepticeye: What do you get up here
German building: NEIN!
Jack dont move on when you can still place stuff down.
Why does he sound like Neapolian dynamites brother at the beginning😂😂
you're having way too much coke jack :<
No one:
JackSepticEye: i s l a n d e r s
Islanders.

You landers
Oh shit, jack's dropping venture bros references
Hey Jack😁😁 this LP goodie ones 🇳🇿 and I'll swap that coke with a monster
I'm supposed to be having a calm relaxing time but I can't help getting triggered everytime jack leaves an island and wastes points <\3 q.q
It's so stupid but that's exactly why I enjoyed the intro to this so much.
0:44
When I'm watching some shit on YouTube at 3am, accidently laugh and remind myself that it's middle of the night
I would love more of this jack plus and thank you
Asking if I'm subscribed to jacksepticeye is like asking if I love my girlfriend answer is obviously a yes
Yaassssss water ship down yasssssssssssss I love water ship down so much
LIKE A GLOVE!



What is that from?
It's Jack's favorite movie.
Sean: “And when you’re wrong, you’re me.”

Me: What’s so bad about being Sean?
4:00 Well, you kinda died in "Say Goodbye" and the video still uploaded when you died so what difference does it make xD 

5:17 "Nine. NEIN!!" Jack turned from Irish to German. XD
smints thats copy righted!!! demonetized
Jack: your breath is nasty.
I immediately stop eating my garlic bread
Jack play  Tabs with the 8 secret units
Aaaannnd it's been a long time since ur "actuall" intro
The intro 😂😂
Jack where in the flip are u getting these favors of soda wtf man
I forgot I have a life... JK

I never had one and I still don't have
Did he pronounce Metropolis strangely or did I hear him wrong???
YO SEAN!
SUBNAUTICA UPDATED!
you have a PONYTAIL!?!?!?!?!?!?
You can do it I believe in you.
6:38 he sounds like the radio demon from hazbin hotel. XD
Triangles, Incenter, Circumcenter, Centroid Mathematical Daborific Nae Nae
I miss the old Jack from 2 years ago where I stopped watching but I'm back :/
Seriously worried about the amount of Coke you are drinking.
But Sean, are you not building multiple cities, and therefore, would it not make sense to have multiple city centers? A single city doesn't need to take up the entire island.
(Also, for anyone curious, "Masons" are the guys that carve stones and turn them into bricks, if I'm correct.)
TOP OF THE MORNIN TO YA LADIES
Jack commenting on how loud he is? Who are you
i could fall asleep to you  saying "Islanders.....I-Landers"
Jack can you do more satisfactory
35:05

Did the President call?!

Is he gonna make you the Ambassador for Coca-Cola Sponsorships?
Is that the wrong thumbnail?
Do more just cauee 4 videos
31:44 No you didn't xD
32:26 Wait what?!
00:19 I laughed entirely too hard at this!
0:44

This is Ethan during ASMR Cooking when he realizes that he has to be quiet
Your not Irish if I heard michael saying it right
I'm pretty sure your jamaican
Dude Watership Down made me cry :( The original was way better too, unpopular opinion
when I saw the phone call thumbnail with his headphones and his phone near the headphones I thought he was going to do the one Mississippi thing
Jack you should play forager
He protecc
He attacc
But most importantly...



He want that coke sponsorship bacc
(35:05) 


Your welcome👍
Yo Jack, u got an Easter egg in MK11
If u play it,an unlockable style for kano's eye,called Jack's epic eye is there.Obviously your name.
I have had quite a rough day Jack thanks for cheering me up homie 👍
If been here since 250k
My mom herd the intro to this video while in the other room...








she was confused and asked my what I was watching with general concern. lol
0:28 

Wait... wut?
Thanks fore the mint jack
he finally NEARLY died.








at this point were all just waiting for it...........again
Jack do some more satisfactory
Sean: you’re comfy, with your blanket.

Me: throws off blanket NO. No~ wrong. I-
I swear you are spying on me jack.
Every time I am doing something or taking about something you either say something that either answers what I'm talking about, is extremely related to what I'm doing/ talking about, exactly what I'm talking about our doing.
That and when you said we are in blankets you were right. Then again you have at least one viewer doing exactly what you say they are doing.
8:26 metropolis? why does he say it like that 😬
You shouldnt of waited on the other island because don’t you get more experience or whatever its called by leveling up or getting a higher score so you got a higher score and didnt get any experience for the next island so you wasted building and experience 
but whatever I might be wrong since I dont really know the game
30:44 I love that song
9:16 
 ¨What does a mason do?¨ - JackSepticEye 2019
Jackaboi Masons Build thingies with stone
My name is al lander 😂
1:02 that was literally me... I always do that.
Thank u for all the laughs and funny phrases u have gotten me through some very tough times so thank u so much
(HIGH DEMAND VIDEO) MORE DRUMS
Definitely addicted to your channel. Yes I did like the video before seeing it. 😂
Crest 3D soda
*shudder*
...xD COFFEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When will satisfactory come back
why did you name the video after something that takes 2 actual seconds in the final cut
0:55- Pffft, as if! sips Coke Zero, same great taste with zero sugar now with a hint of added vanilla 

*Proceeds to spill onto PMA hoodie
oooo he didnt do an overthetop intro
3:52
"Oh I just swallowed the mint by accident..."
               -Jackspidcy
Nice job have fun 😀🤣🤣😇
Hello I am Conner the android sent by cyber life
thats tribore jack at the very beggining
Hey Jack actually you can have more than 1 city center if you have more than 1 city face palm
This game is satisfying, but do you want to know what's even more satisfying? Satisfactory, start playing it again, Jack.
Lol jack, if coke isn’t sponsoring you, you shouldn’t push their product. Just start hiding the label or pouring it into a cup before drinking it. Maybe see if Pepsi can sponsor you because coke won’t? Lol
I love how jack tries to be an ASMR pro in the beginning of the video
Yah, i just subscribed and limed it before it even started. Good hooks at the start jack.
Good job getting 22m subs
Are the pee breaks just not being edited out now? 😂
when you get a new big building (like market, circus or temple) you should build small buildings around where you want to put it so that you're sure to get the most points, cuse it won't give you any after you've placed it. So for me big buildings should never be placed first.
Jack there's a new Subnautica update and I can't say whats it about yaaawyyy.........
‘You have an addiction to this channel’ 

Low key 

TRUE
I love how the pee break is an ongoing joke now 😂
SATISFACTORY!
plz
PLAY SATISFACTORY PLEASE
Can I point out that Roblox has a more effective liking system than YouTube does
I miss night in the woods
I like that I thought this was ASMR but then it got loud and I was like nevermind that jack
I think you should play days gone and go back to your regular hair
Jack please play more finding Bigfoot I want to see jimmy average toes again
that "top of the mornin' to ya laddies" sounded like my old car's starter motor.
Are you cheating on us jack?? How could you?! :P
isn't it good to take the second pack of buildings because if some building needs more of another you could already have that?
This video is literally the best thing for "I'm 14 and this is deep."
When you've been training for your job and haven't had time for Sean or anyone else and your response hearing his voice and watching his video, "I miss you senpai and your coca-cola sponsor "not sponsor." Seriously coca-cola? Sponsor the man.
The fact that Robin just doesn't edit out the pee brakes is hilarious
Could you play banished again
Isn’t the statue an obelisk
Hey jack if you would have stopped posting videos my life would end
I love looking into the comments to find how game mechanics actually work
highscore 3525
Sean "jacksepticeye" m. Died on April 30th, 2019 from choking on a mint
in a fake intellectual voice 
“Actually Jack, you can have multiple cities on an island, which means you can have multiple city centers, since they are just the center of each individual cities.”
I slanders
Is landers
Roses are red
I like to go bowling
I liked my own comment
To get the ball rolling
Please make this a series and Kindergardan 2 DEMO is out!!
Jack : it's probably from sucking D!
Please play the last of us remastered!!!!
Jack: I need to be smart about this

Everyone: pfffft yh like he can be smart 😂😂
Jack: Would you like a mint..? Grabbing mints I dont want that many.
Hey Jack pls do a warframe video
There are hidden troops in TABS
Lol i got a Coca-Cola ad😅
The beggining is like he is trying to be ASMR lol
"I want the easy version of the good things I already have." Well said, well said.
It seems like the president finally called Jack back for his EpIc gaming skills 😂
Hehhe the start off the video i already lauff
jack have you clicked the like button before even seeing the content
me yeah XD your com Brent is cheerful, happiness, good and funny
I stole the mint
He protec
He attac

But most importantly


He doesn't edit his pee break which is whacc
i actually did  like it before the vid started... but the thing is i never actually do that... how did he know???
There can be multiple citys
I always like videos before watching. If I don't like a video I will unlike.
Really struggling for those clickbait views huh?
Jack: I’m supposed to have a calm, relaxing time

Me: Yeah, when pigs fly
I like his videos so much, that I subscribed 3 times on my account.
Triangles have like 4 centers
The 'your breath is nasty' is so passive aggressive I love it
everybody needs a cug jug of PMA!
Nobody:
Jacksepticeye: Let's produce COCACOLA MINT!!!
what if it’s different towns on one island? Ireland is one island right? is Ireland one big town?
hence the multiple city centers
my guess anyway Idk
Hey jackseptceye I’m a huge fan 🙂
Play more satisfactory bruh
hey jack this video is #33 on trending for gaming!
Another stupid clickbait thumbnail....Why man? WHY??? I'm done watching this channel, if I wanted to see my notification bar filled with clickbait titles and thumbnails I would've subscribed to Ali-A. Hopefully you revert back before its too late....Cya!
Who says I can't listen to lyrical music while doing my homework?
Jack it's an island, a city is a part of an island.... someone did correct you...
A nice and calm game.
intense screaming in the background
Ok... not so calm.
...That intro. That intro was something beautiful and made me chuckle. It's like you were introducing me to a whole new world. Although, if I weren't looking at the screen you'd actually sound like some sort of serpent character in a game about to give me an interesting, albeit odd, side quest.
I love watching this game there's something relaxing about it
THERE WAS A 67 JACK
MORE SATISFACTORY PLEASE
5:47 "Taking it (coke) after eating mints is no good" Well, you basically made a small scale "soda geyser" (aka "mentos and coke eruption") inside your own body (which causes the gas to be released out of the coke), so...yeah, it's not gonna feel good :P
Congrats on 22 mil jack
The intro btw
City center jack...  not island center... you can have multiple cities on an island
I want a Sans blanket lol
hushed sexy voice
Would u like a mint?
obliterates mint container
stares at bottle like pikachu meme
I didn’t want that many...

*Cough, cough Sexy *
😂
35:12 " I have another call, please Hold." One Mississippi "Hello!"
Its winter were I live and its cold so really do need a blanket
jack play just shapes and beats its awsome
Jacksepticeye "Have you subbed yet?"
Me "no i did that like a year ago"
I think we all are just skipping through just to see him take the call XD
No I subbed 2 years ago
I shouldn't like the intro as much as I do. c'x
The beginning remind anyone of sexy Batman?
When he talks quiet it's actually soothing
34:16. Please tell me im not rhe only one that got a hige deja vu feeling? Idek i just recognize this exact moment
Can you please play Mortal Kombat 11
Can you play Total war three kingdoms pls
And as fast as it came tabs left
NOOOOO every thing must LOUD
Beggers can’t be choosers
       Jackseptiveye 2019
17:58
I need more of this game please jackaboi
Jack you lost 26 points a  19:14
28:40 
i cant i am allergic to mint T-T
Your counting joke may have been stupid, but it got a genuine laugh out of me.

Does that mean I'm stupid?
it's Undertale all over again XD
Jack, play eviebot again!!!
Do more drum videos
Its a City center not center of the island
Hahaha sean guessed i had liked the video before i saw the content. Im a little suspicous now. like.. mindreader?
Jack, you called it: City centers - financial district, uptown, downtown, midtown, Chinatown...
For once I'm actually in a blanket and nice and warm, and calm.
This is 24 most popular in sweden
Would like to play a choose your own adventure game if not its okay
Nobody noticed when at the start he was like “it’s probably from sucking dih-“ like WHAT? What did you say? Hmmm?
Dont we all need a mint sean?
PLAY SUBNAUTICA BELOW ZERO!! NEW UPDATES!!!!
28:48 
Your breath is nasty
Me: remembers I forgot to brush my teeth today.
We love Jack-- even when he changes, we still adore him
Yo can't wait of the next episode of VR SIM Vacation.
Scream at intro
Sean, please never grow up.
That's funny after Jack said, "Did you subscribe before this video?" I actually did. IDK I thought it was funny
You'll get sponsored soon jack
A great way to get a massive amount of points is if you separate the mansions and the houses creating a sort of upper/lower class system
The clickbait is so dissatisfying that it irritates me a bit..
Congrats for trending
Who else actually clicked like before the video started?
Funny how the thumbnail has nothing to do with the video and just a 4 second clip that meant nothing... cough* click bait
Please do more jack I would love to see more of this
Jack... what tf is a precipus
Can we all take a moment to appreciate Jack's little pony tail?
What is this intro?
Who else literally punches the like button?
"Oh, you dog's undercarriage!"
That voice crack at 39:12 to 39:13 made me crack as well. Literally.
Dibs on "Dog's Undercarriage" for a band name.
Actually sean if you put this here you can have a lot of city centers...
0:27 Septaplier (👀)  
                              \/
play days gone
jack with a ponytail is the star of this entire channel
Why was his score lower than his best if he did better than last time
is he starting to do clickbait titles now
This is such clickbait
the president was not important enough to stop gaming and wait for the call.
What has happened to satisfactory videos?? 

I loved them!!

Pls bring them back
1:02 I feel so called out. I like all his videos before I even hit play D:
TOP of the...... Morning...... To ya laddies
Why hasn't Jack played Red Dead Redemption yet? I really think he'd like it...
I'd pay to try that CokaCola mint, with his logo and everything on it. XD
Jack “you want a mint?”
realizes he’s talking to 22 million people
“I don’t have that many”
1:03 is the same way I feel
A city centre is the centre of a city no an island
You should play the new anno 1800 (or any other anno game for that sake)
Do a let's play on days gone plz
he "is"landers.... okay it's a bad pun please don't hit me don't oh hi sean!
Jack your my favourite
I do NOT have an addiction to this channel! It's a carefully maintained and nurtured obsession!
Nice clickbait tump nail
HEY JACK PLAY FORAGER
When’s the next drum cover?
I could watch this series forever
Eyelander TF2
58 views , 118 likes?
YouTube are you alright?
GIVE ME THAT MINT! XD I kinda want one...
0:28 JACK UR GROUNDED
When jack says have a mint,i said how the hell did he know that i haven't brush my teeth
Each city centre is a new city
YOUR DAME RIGHT I HAVE A ADDICTION TO THIS CHANNEL JACK !!!!! ;D
Ship septiplier
sean how can we send you things
actually jack you can have more than once center to something, for instance did you know that binary solar systems have 2 centers? XD
28:26 the peak if entertainment my friends. XD
ok
Ok fine you got the mint in my mouth 👄🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😎
wait when did Jack get a man bun?????!
Can u do a raft video
Jack there are new units in tabs pleeeasseee make another tabs video and try them out
I don't get phone calls. 
Jack should play Black & White 2, he'd love the silly elements combined with being a god hand
Jack you should play (Rime) again it's was awesome and so are you
it's okay jack if you die it will be the third time and you'll come back lol
I haven’t watched your videos in a while and I come back to see man bun/ponytail?!?!?! 👌😁👍
Jack's late for child support again
Hey Jack try playing Warframe again!
Just try to win this time Jack....
jack, I miss satisfactory
Man if only jack had reception on that island ;-;
You are the best
36:06



AAALLLLLLLLL THE WAYYYYYY
28:48 
Excuse me, I JUST brushed my teeth.
Omg Jack you can have more than one town centre on an island because you can have more than one town on an island
You can get more points by staying on the islands
Play risk of rain 2 !!!! My addiction xD
Why you english speakers dont pronounce the S in island?
0:48
THROWS JACK IN A INTERRORGATION ROOM
me: WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO THE REAL JACK OUT WITH IT
WE HAVE EVIDENCE FROM WHAT YOU SAID YOU FAKE
Jack: PRESENT THIS EVIDENCE THEN
me: ok
(recording of you saying: I realize I'm probably being too loud)
me: GOT NOTHIN TO SAY?! TELL US WHERE HE IS!





also how to get jack to sound like a minigun of some sort. click on video. play video. hold the number 3 on your keyboard. it should work
if it doesnt fastly repeat  and i mean really fast
Jack: i don’t like hard things 



Me: :)



Like if you understand
I haven’t watched one of jack’s videos in around 3 years and he’s officially lost it
Antisepticeye 35:14?
0:38 I was waiting for the coke to start exploding out of his mouth... But he didnt have a mento 😂
5:46 X-D
8:03 there was a +19
Kindergarten play it and satisfactory
36:08  he started to sing All the way so  sang the whole song coooool
I love your videos Sean terribly sorry I couldn't donate to the charity Livestream yesterday and day before that get better soon
I may have just eaten an undercooked hamburger but I'm watching this instead of caring.
1+2+9=12 quick maths
Jack, i hope u see this. Go stream this so people can help you straight up
Sean there was a 19 better than 18
It is bugging me
 sorry if im being petty but you can have more than one CITY center depending on how many citys you have :) 
Sorry jack  •0• 
Edit: because the Uk is an island but it has different citys if y'all get what i mean :)
Edit 2: but you cant in one city if thats what jack was saying 
Dont @ me pls
how did you know? I like the videos before I watch the video every time.
what's with that stupid clickbait? He didn't used to do that, kinda sad... It's over for me xD
I wish I could join your group but I have no money :( but I still love you jack keep up the good work ive bean watching you since I was 9 I just turned 14
Jack your doing something wrong with it
BEAN  WATER!!!!!!!!!
please do some more prop hunt
when the universim full game comes out please play or if it already has please do as well, even though i know you wont get this message just like every other youtuber im still going to send it
I would buy coke mint.
In the intro you sounded like James Charles and it scares me
WHERE IS T.A.B.S?!
Place all the buildings before you move islands
Jack you are funny
Its the centers of different cities
You should play hello neighbor hide and seek
I S L A N D E R S
TOP OF... the mornin to ya laddies. Okay. Who are you. Where's our Jackaboy
HI JACK LOVE YOU
No views and fifteen likes, time to make a joke.








T series.
He reminds me of my dads girlfriend with his voice in the beginning
I love this little serie !
35:05 for the call
You can have multiple towns on one island ?
You must not die Jack. Not Now asleast
Intro wzs weird
Have u seen matpat's Twitter post about diet coke it's about u plus I think u will find it funny
I live on an Island in Canada and everyone calls us Islanders ✌🏻
Do not be fooled



Read more
I am still in school and this is more important XD
Jacksepticeye uncensored
omg yes Gay Queen 0:00
PLay days gone!
I did the exact thing, I hit the like before it even started
“Young successful person” Sean I work at Tim Hortons 😂😂
Jack you should play mortal Kombat I feel like it would be your type of game
Is the call by coke that your never getting sponsored
Am I the only one still waiting for another drum video
Play more satisfactory
JACK! imma prove you wrong today right here right now... ITS A CITY CENTER the center of a city... you can have multiple cities jackaboy.
12:10 "Oh you dog's undercarriage"
Yup, anyone else click the like before they start watching?
The statue is probably a touristic site
“I don’t wanna toot my own phallus, but I think I might be the greatest.”
53 HUNDRED
play satisfactory
Even if Jacksepticeye is saying my breath is nasty, I appreciate it.
So Jack’s sponsored by Smint now too, nice !
Jesus crist jack is becoming more irrelevant than Ali a I miss old jack.
When Jack makes a cringe joke he gets out of it but laughing awkwardly and then taking a sharp breath. Smooth move Jack, smooth move Sean.
hes only 14?
I'm TeLlInG tHe IsLaNd
Hi I love ur vids jack just saying



Edit: Thank this is the most likes ive ever had
PLAY SATISFACTORY
Rip satisfactory
Coca-cola mint is root beer.
3:45, wait, so it is randomized?
That sexy voice at the beginning though
Watership down reference? Has sean even seen that movie?
Does anybody else remember when he had to go to the bathroom and he forgot to edit it out? 😂
Jack, I suggest you play AC Odyssey
Seems like a pretty  fun game to play - unfortunately it's rather boring to watch imho.
5:57 how did he know
I was literally wrapped up in blankets
Actually, a triangle has multiple centers
At 5:39  lol I am in a blanket
Jack really called me out in the beginning... geeez. "Liking the video before you even see the content"
0:44 yeah, Pepsi’s better
Real background
was it not 35 hundred
Didn't like the mint coke... R.I.P possible coke sponsorship.
Is it just me or is Jack getting weirder and weirder 😶🤷
Press my face
this game is basically a ripoff of Godus ...anyone remember that?
He said my name!!!
Jack, We NEED a Mint flavored Coke, NOW!

Also you keep me Positive when I’m feeling down,
So yes.  P M A
Shave ur beard and mustach
That mustache holy crap
keep going
Sup Jack.
sry about the message......yes, that was me......sry
it’s an island. so there can be many cities/ city centers on an island
you're doing something wrong with it.....
It's alright to have 4 city centers in one island. There's an island here, in the Philippines, that has 5 towns but there are like 7 or 8 volcanoes.
You can have an infinite amount of epicentres on the surface of a sphere. And technically if you consider the relation of said sphere to another object, any part of the sphere can be the "centre".

r/iamjustbullshitting
iam adiated to sam and colby vids
I SLANDERS YOU SLANDERS?
does he know that his previous best was 3525 and he celebrated to early
jack u should play mortal kombat 11 its awesome
Watching this eating a nice bowl of cereal wrapped in a blanket with ice cream being my desert :3
Oh no. This is the end.... 45!!!
Jacksepticeye can you please do another satisfactory video pretty please
Play enter the gungeun
Well this happend to me during this video I was skipping though some bits to speed up the video and when I stopped all I heard was Oooo yaaasa and Jack rubbing his nipples. I didn't want to see that jack
In the beginning it sounds like he's narrating a cologne ad.
Guys the call was the president calling him back
How many people here always click like button before watching Jack's videos? I do haha.
13:35 no joke is stupid when you say it 😊
Hi jack! Love your content! I love your channel! Never stop uploading!




I also love Coke zero sugar with new added vanilla
I feel like I could fall asleep to this episode. It's just so calm and peaceful
1:03 EY Thats me!!
1:05...... Damn it he found out.
Jacksepticeye has over 22 million Islanders!!!! 
Congrats on 22Mil Jack, keep up the PMA 😁👍
Did you stop playing satisfactory
Sean, you can have several city centers in one island. One center for each city in the island....
**ireland
EASY PEASY LEMONY FRESH TWISTY
Jack: “I’m gunna invent my own Coca Cola flavor rn....coca cola mint”
Me: “didn’t know where that was going and then there’s already frickin coke mint😂 god sake!😂
you have your own custom with kano called Jack's Epic Eye  in mortal kombat 11 (  i mean its obviously yours
I like that hair thing you got going
Another undertale situation
I WANNA BE JACK
These facts kill me lmao

Edit: this was meant to be a reply but somehow failed so I’m deciding to leave this comment up for some reason
Do more tabs!!!!
Play subnutica below zero they made a huge upgrade
I love you robin
1:00 yes😂
Sean! Don’t call me out on my addiction to all things Gailic Gladiator and Irish Yelling.... I’m very sensitive...
And I don’t want my family to find out. XD
jack: i realized im probably yelling a bit loud.
me: can yelling be quite??
This isn't ment as disrespect cause I love your videos Jack but you could have more than 1 city on an island so you could have more than one city center on and island.
I don't like this series. I want satisfactory
What Happen to satisfactory
no, nobodys pickin up what yur puttin down. YOU cant even pick up what you put down thats the POINT OF THE GAME! XD
I landed  her lol that what she says 😎😎😎
What happened to satisfactory??
Damn those ninjas abducting Jack to pee again.
I love you Jack
its simple if there is two city centers there is two cities
There are three centers in a triangle. Learned it in geometry
What is the point of this game?
I can't really watch any youtuber for longer than 30 min in a go. I usually take a break or do something else. 
But you Sean, you've something special ♥️
Jack tell us about your call,
Everyone SAYS we came for the call but in reality we all know we came for our boi, Shaun/Jack. Sorry if Shaun is spelt wrong.
Ur trending !
Jack gets the call at 39:42.
Jack: My breath feels gross
also Jack: oh my mouth feels gross
what's next? my face feels gross?
my head feels gross?
my body feels gross?
I feel gross?
The beginning of the video felt like amsr
1:00
Yes
i believe in you
Be careful Jack Pepsi man is coming for you.
Whens your next drum cover? Lets do a drum battle theres no copyright in that 😁
Jack you can have 4 city centers how? you ask... - well you can have multiple cities on one island, you can have a center for each city that is around it,
Jack tip For You
Keep away from gold ore
and check if it does do negatives because the circle around the object is what really matters
Is it just me or did you make 7 more accounts and sub to jack with thoes 7 other accounts
I congratulations to you for 22 million 😆
WE ARE ALL ISLANDERS GOOD ONE JACKSEPTICEYE!, LOVE IT!
When he lost he could’ve gotten only -10 but he passed over it too fast. Also on another island where he was placing a bunch of farms I think it was there was a 25 or 26 and he put it down for 18...
11:18 it was 45
Islanders
Islanders?
I landers





Is landers?
I love him
Your mom will live happily and healthy...





Like to make it true!
(Only mom-lovers people can like this)
If you treat the island as a small country, or state, having multiple city centres makes sense. You just have several cities in one mass of land 😎👉👉 science!
Haha it wasn’t edited out lol
Ah undertale
24:09 LAD TOWER
When he said "liking the video before it even starts " my mind was like: HA I just did that with this video 😂😂
Play paint the town red
5:50 is why jack isn't sponsored yet
Days Gone 😯😯😯😯😯😯
what is the voice changer you use
911 where are you?
Edit: also congrats on 22m
You should play godus
1:03 “have you liked the video? Before it’s even started, before you’ve seen what the content is?”
Me:.... n o,  s h u t  u p
hey jack can you play a game called world war z
Tapped up in a blanket?! (I wish~) Nah~ I'm in front of my computer pretending to do homework.~ 😂
I really want to see mortal kombat 11 😢😬👍
Who is here before one million?? Views
No green screen!!!!
Anti confermed 35:13
Why do I love relaxing and watching jack play islanders
I feel like jack is High it seems like that for some reason
Jack is doing the cola and mint experiment
I HAVE AN ADDICTION
Oh the statement he makes at 30:13 ,little did he know
I’m the greatest 
I’m fantastic 
Wherever there’s danger I’ll be there 
Danger mouse
Do do do do do do
Danger mooouuusse
Do do
Na it should be septic coke
Sniffable but not recommended 
Da da da your sniffing it
He CLICK BAAAAAIIIITTTEED
Best addiction
makre more tabs
Hi my name is Ryan Hagan and I'm addicted to Jacksepticeye
It was the president he finally called him.
Anyone else see the 67 when he was talking about 65
nice click bait.
Yknow.... instead of cursing... just curse like in Town of Salem! Tarnation! Bosom!
i got a 56
I Jack am not successful if you gave some encouragement i would love it! But your the BOSS
I said for a second time I don’t want a mint my breath does not smell that bad 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
you're doing it wrong
Is he good? He drank coke and mints 
Like if you seen this👍
Hey jack
isslanderz
There is a mobile game similar to the which I love. You have opponents to conquer. One of my favourite turn based games on the google play store.
1:00 I do have an addiction to the channel
I needed this video, now I'm not bored anymore and I'm happy :D
u had 35
SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY SATISFACTORY PLZ
Try playing world war z pls
3:56 Oh boy, here come fake controversies
Hey wait a sec...how did u know I was wrapped up in a blanket???
Clickbait?
Play better games Jack the great
I subscribed
Is it weird or cool that i decided to curl up in a blanket about .5 seconds before he said your curled up in a blanket
jack...there are multiple city centers because there can be more than one city on an island...
I land on eyes
we want a third one
Jack, make a Mentos flavoured Coca Cola on camera for us all to see.
Hoi! I'm temmi I'll sell you some a island
25:00 close your eyes and listen to that. lol
Center of Mass, center of Thrust, center of Lift. Three centers, one rocket.
do presidient
I WANT TABS
Coke and mint? Dude's a beast!!!
What with the annoying clickbaity titles he's been putting in recently 😕
Congrats on hitting 22 millon subscribers jack
Please play days gone
8:03 there was a 19 for a second there...but to late now
Jack: here have a mint
Me: (dives in to eat the mint)
Jack: (takes the mint away) ya breath is nasty
Me: ... (goes and brushes my teeth)
Sean, my name is Shawn, and I hadnt watched you in a while, but I happened to get the same haircut somehow lol
It would probably help your score if you did everything you could on each island....or maybe at least?
Mason's are stone workers.
Islanders has my name in it
Welcome to Jacksepticeye's channel. 
It features:
the campest ways to say Islanders
Pepsi better
Just have five city centers, make five cities, and reenact The Hobbit: Battle of the Five Armies
I'm pregnant Trevor
What happened to tabs?
There’s some great new things in that game
Long live roger!
I thought his mouth was gonna start fizzing when she was drinking coke and mints
Oi homeboy , don’t know if you know but there’s an Easter egg in Mortal Kombat 11 whew one of Kanos eye pieces are Called Jack’s Epic Eye 
Now that doesn’t seem like anything untill you say it
You have to keep building stuff until you can’t, then when you can’t place anything move to the next island for maximum points.
Lol we have many town center where I  town is divided into multiple parts but it’s all under the same name.
Jack! Keep adding to your island as much as you can before moving onto the next so you can get as many points as possible before moving on and starting fresh!
What happend to satisfactory
the people are rabbits?
What happend to satisfactory
“I land hers”
At least, thats what I heard...
i want to eat a "Mint  Mango" ._.
There called city center, not an island center.
Hey Nola and terrorised are trying to take your place😅
Anyone else want to know who called Jack and what it was about? Sowwy I'm a nosy person when it comes to calls lol :P
993 like! Jack can you play TABS sandbox mode or play with mods?
When is the “important call” ???
No ones asking but what was the call about?
The asmr
Masons make bricks
Today’s session of ASMR. We have JACKSEPTICEYE SCREAMING INTO THE CAMERA ABOUT COKE A COLA ANS MINTS!!!
Actually, the island can have many cities so each city center would be the center of a city there for being a city center. Actually. :)
pony tail
Sean called us out on our addiction
Hey uh... Jack a boy? Dont take this the wrong way. But you sounded like my father at the start... he is 48
0:55
I feel so attacked right now
Do you play ROBLOX
Bonercast
perfecto pertronam 😁parry hotter
12:33
Jack. What are your headphones?! Ive been asking for a few videos now!
Sorry to be the one Jack but there can be different cities on an island.
When ur right ur right but when ur wrong ur sean
37:42 Is that Trump i hear?
Yes another video!
Allow me to fix the saying of " Island " 
Is - land
Not Eye - land
1:18 jack it does matter you matter
You know, you don't have to use every single item that you get... LOL And it's the center of the city not the center of the island. LOL
3:44 watch his mouth
This whole video looks planned lol
Jack still watch your videos and have been watching since 2013
Is it just me or does jack sound like that green alien from "Final Space"??? 0:01
Well jack it says city centres not island centres
You can have multiple town centers if you have multiple towns sooooo???
You could have a centre of a centre of a centre of a centre of a centre ...:)
Jacksepticeye is my favorite YouTuber because he has such a good attitude about everything and always seems happy in his videos! Keep up the fantastic work! 👍 😁
38:32
Here is the phone call 35:07
Make septic juice.
Jack: excited about the big yellow numbers while absolutely ignoring the plethora of small red ones.
I HAVE NEVER BEEN THIS EARLY ALTHOUGH I'M LATE AF TO A LOT OF PEEPS
I'm at a point in my life in which I always click like on all of the jacksepticeye videos because I know they will always entertain me.
can you play hover?
Before you move on to a new island place your buildings, you keep there score if there placed but lose them if they arent placed. For example, watch you placement bar at 31:58 until the next island.
I don't see why jack named the video after that it lasted about 4 seconds wasn't nothing  interesting in a way it was clickbait
Towards the amount of city centers. With the size of the island and the size of what the people would be  it probably be multiple cities
Pretty sure if you died live on camera Robin would still upload it ;)
Is landers
I have jack I have
jack please give back top of the morning to ya ladies
I see Jack put these buildings down and all I think about is, how are these people supposed to get into their homes and buildings if Jack covers the entrance...with other buildings?? lmao
If you prefer oasis and not blur we can’t be friends
Jack is gay at 0:25... confirmed
No its pronounced...ISlanders not ilanders damn...(edit: btw Jack er Sean posted at 12 am in the Philippines boi)
You're lucky I'm feeling good this week even though the week feels like it's Sh---ing all around me. My mom and sis did my hair. Me and my nephew made a pie spent time together. I haven't gotten used to changing gender or name for my nephew. (tg) But I'm getting there. He's been 1 gender for 16 yrs. and now's the time to change it. By the way Jack that's a cute bunny face.Big red eyes little puff brown cheeks some funked up thing covering it's ears. And a tiny red nose. :   )
6:58 is that a ponny tail on the back of jacks head like if you see it
If you dislike you are a haters
Hey Jack, you can get more points by cramming things on each island until you can't anymore before you move on. Think of the next island button like a safety blanket for when you run out of things to build.
Things you think doesn't matter like why you are playing the game again really matters for us!
35:05
00:00 skylanders
I am wrapped up in  my blanket..... how did he know...???
28:45 I actually had a mint that second because I got free mint at a blood donation xD
You should play tomb raider jack
jack is so different from when he started YouTube, back in 2012-2013 he had short short hair and had a little stubble but now look at 'em. He has long-ish black hair and a BOOTYful beard. Who has been following since 2013! ✌ I know I have and I can't stop Love ya Jackie! ( I know your name is Sean but I didn't know if I was spelling it right so sorry!)
islanders you landers we all landers for islanders
35:52 Im a "____" about to cause a genocide bec.. Congratulations
Jack... The type of guy 2 scream taking a shit AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!#
Does he sound like Trivore from Final Space in the Beginning? He Doesss
You have gotten less funny
I Land Hers!
Damn beard
Nope its coca colaaaahhhhhhh mint
Jack I’m from Belfast in irland
Donald Trump is like:  37:36
Jack your the best but I looked back at you old gta videos so if you play some gta that will be cool
The first island has low self esteem like me...
0:09 Mommy?
I love Islanders!
7:30 XD XD Wasn't that in a booper with Robin? xD xD
12:27 👑 of course you are bro 🍀😎👊
13:34 Prettyful perfect count 👌
28:28 XD Great work Robin XD 100/100
😎👊
 What happened? XD
 Great message 👆👌
This vid was gute overall, made me giddy. Keep up the fun bro 😎👊
How did he know that I’m in a blanket
Yeet!
Me: pls bring anti back me is so sad 😢
My sister: SHHH
Me: NANI?!
I wish Jack didn't use click bait i just want to know what games he's playing in the title :(
36:07-36:11 why is no one bringing this up aghhh.
If you have three little towns, they all can have a centre
I am done
Well, why the hell would mint go good with coca cola? Like DUH Jack. Sometimes I don't understand you LOL!
Like if you agree>
Stop saying my name Jack lol I don't want to know your pregnant
Play forager
u can have endless centers
Do other people actually do that? (Like the vid before watching it) I just do it because I have a habit of watching half a video and then getting distracted and never finish it and like it
Mint coke wouldent work because it would explode on open? Are you okay jack, do you need to talk.
67
you can have 3 town centers if you have 3 towns. even if those towns are interconnected
hit man
Jack you should play mortal kombat 11 there is something for kano called Jack's epic eye "hint" "hint"
I drink only Pepsi. Do I have to unsubscribe
35:05
WHERE IS THE COCA COLA SPONSERSHIP ????!!!!!??!?!?!?!!?
Have you seen Equilinox? It’s like this but with animals! It can get complicated if not managed well. The dev is really cool and has made updates! It’s one of my favorite games now~
less than 4 minutes in and he could have died
You probably will skip this and pay it no mind.... but It’s your place in the world; it’s your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live.. Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning. Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right. I'm just a small Youtuber that one day wants to be great on Youtube.. I'm not asking for anything but i would love for ANY support... ANY. Thanks for reading🙏❤️
Islanders? Do you mean Irelanders!!!!
What was the call about?
What Jack said your brain is in the future and your mouth hands feet anything that moves in your body is 80 milliseconds late
Jack pls play goat simulater again plss.. jack!,
Yay! More Jacksepticeye!🙂❤️❤️😁👍🥰
Da intro tho...
Guys we all know its the President
I did
Jack has Punch the air too much his shoulder falling out of place that's why he has to hold it now. He can't handle the bosses anymore
35:08 you’re welcome
Jack, 2016 called.  They want their man bun back.  😂
I know you don't do reactions that often but YOU NEED TO REACT TO THE SONIC MOVIE TRAILER!!! I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU THINK OF IT!!!!!
EPIC
24:59 - 25:15 just close your eyes and listen....like if u get if
The pee break was more interesting than the call, so this video should be called: "I HAD TO TAKE A PEE WHILE PLAYING THIS GAME!"
00:50 hes become self aware
loved it
If I had a dollar for every time I made the same joke as Sean, at the same time as him or before, I'd be rich. 

I love finding people with the same humor ❤️
i miss when the TOP OF THE MORNINGs were at the first seconds of the episodes
Had you see the Sonic movie TRAILER Yet?
Play jet island
Play green hell
Is this gsme free
Lol 11st 40 seconds
Spheres. Centers.
I don't know if anyway to contact Jack, but I think his newest video will be a good idea, there's an Easter egg in the game, Mortal Kombat 11 kano has an attachment called Jack's epic, which is a direct reference to Jack septic eye, I think that's amazing and I hope Jack somehow finds out.
Its a TOWN center not an ISLAND center
0:00
Who else clicked fast asf ❤




Btw can i get a new subbb.
Not COKA COLA
They are town/city centers, you can have multiple towns in your island. They aren’t “island centers” lol.
Has anyone else read watership down
Jack, stay on an island after you unlock the next. You can stay there until you can no longer place things and the go to the other island. I play this game and I've gotten to like 20,000 on the 5th Island
Only true jacksepticeye fans can like this...
👇.     (Donating a 1$ to every śub promise)
jack we heard that slip up everyone now knows you prefer the (far superior) band blur over the band oasis
TABS
Hey jack have u considered going back to turbo dismount I play that game a lot and it has changed a lot since u have played it last I think u would like the changes that they have made to the game
Jack: probs easy cuz you guys are all wrapped in blankets
Me: ....wtf
Jack: you guys probably all have blankets 


Me: pauses video to go get a blanket
Hey jack remember ark survival evovled? Well its improved alot lately and i think you should go try it again :D
LITTLE MISFORTUNE DEMO IS RELEASED NOW JACK, COMEOOON
Took 5 years for Jack to realize that he's yelling 😂
Will you please do another episode of satisfactory soon. I absolutely love that game.
MAKE AN EIGHTH SATISFACTORY VIDEO
I don't think it counts but that rock over there... It... IT DAAAAAAAABED!!!!!!!!!
The art style in this game reminds me alot of Lewis's halusinations in what remains of edith finch
8:25 uhmm.... excuse me, what did you say?
You are hilarious dude
Cascada BLINK-to Jackaboy:I don’t want to blink, I can’t close my eyes
These are the best years of our lives
I don’t wanna to sleep while I’m alive
I don’t wanna miss a thing tonight
I don't wanna blink, blink
No, I don’t wanna blink, blink
I don’t wanna blink, blink
No, I don’t wanna blink, blink
Oh oh
I don't wanna, oh yeah
I was watching a video that somebody discovered what jacksepticeye's outro was this does name of it "I'm Everywere" I was just listening to that then I realized I got to watch this video.
Stop freely advertising coke because if u keep doing their work for them their not going to sponsor you
“I mean it is for you cause your all wrapped up in blankets.”
Wait I’m not wrapped up in blankets. I should do that then continue watching in my little blanket cocoon.
TABS
Is it the president?
Wha? Jack? Saying you were talking too loud for a calm game? You've changed! The old Jack wouldn't have cared about how loud he was no matter what! What happened Jack? Who hurt you????
Sims. 4
I have an idea, if you use all the structures needed to get more structures than you can save structures for emergencies only aka spare structures
What if the call was about..... HIS COKE SPONSORSHIP! YOU'VE DONE IT JACKIE BOI!
that was the best intro i have EVER seen and i am absolutely not kidding. thank you for your contribution to the arts, sean.
Sean, you should try some ASMR reading!
OMG I STARTED TO CRY FOR TE INTRO!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I miss his intro :(
10/10 best intro ever
you should look at what the main thing in a pack is good with and its highest number and add things that help it in that area
Who else sang “I believe in you” when jack sang “every now and then” 😊
Actually Jack, you live on an island with many city centers
You're my dad
WAZ IT EVELIEN? <3
Play more planet coaster 9:53
why did you stop playing vacation vr
Don’t movie theaters get coke sponsership
9:51 those tall Minecraft houses in villages that you need to build to get to there door
“And my mouth feels gross, that’s probably from all the suckin di-“ -jacksepticeye 2019 😂😂😂
6:45 the universe has an infinite number of centers but a static object like a town would have only one center
Pretty funny
Jack there is a secret katana in the total acuret battle simulator
im sorry but that thumbnail and title doesnt represent the jack i know
You can have 3 middles in math
Median
Upper quartile
Lower quartile
Sorry for complaining
You can't have 4 though soooo you figure out that one
I love the begging of the video... him just sitting their pronouncing islanders in different ways. It was beautiful.😂😂
Sean, sweetheart. City center = city. So if you have multiple city centers what do you get? Multiple cities. Lol 8D
Can you a motherf***ing Prey to the Gods episode #2 please, I've been waiting for that for months
What a great intro Jack I subscribed by the way
when is next satisfactory video
0:30 don't mix them you got brains soda and mints??
It creeped me out a bit when he guessed that I was wrapped up in blankets...
PLAY ARK SURVIVAL EVOLVED Or MORTAL KOMBAT 11 PLZ
Who was the phone call from? Was it Gabby?
thanks. i needed it.
Can you play fade to silence
Imagine what would have happened if that mint had been a Mentos...
Top of the... morning to ya laddies
So on this game you are building your own little Village on a island. Cool
I thought he said Skylanders at first, also Ireland is an island with lots of cities and lots of centers for them
actually, your thoughts even are in the past, everything to see and know is in the past by a small amount due to the limits of the universe
35:34 thats what she said and how she said it
Why don’t you play a lot of games any more
i`m at the hospital right now wrapped up in blankets i'm happy you mentioned that the hospitals called Presbyterian if you've ever heard of it you probably wont respond but oh well i was moved here from Guthrie if you ever heard of it via plane i'm 14 i usually live with my dad in corning but hes at home my moms here shes asleep any way she usually lives in the middle of nowhere with my twin brothers who are nine and they're named lucas and skyler and my cousins named megan and kollyn sometimes when i visit i share a room with her megan i mean also i guess a kid named dakota lives there because mom got custody because he was abused by his dad i guess that's it i've been watching you my whole life i guess i cant wait till you upload again.
Wait, if the video never got uploaded, then we wouldn't know if he's alive or dead!

It's Schrodinger's Jack!
Your important call was coke
Yay jack his high score 🤘😎🤘
But.. but I was already eating mints when you said my breath is nasty.
25:10
I have no words
Jack Nye the Science Guy!!!
What happened to Satisfactory?!?!
imagine he gets sponsored by pepsi
You really should try Sea of Thieves again, I bet you couldn’t recognize it.
Jack you can have more than one city center if you have more than one city.
22mil prayers
Congrats on reaching 22mil lad
:)  I have a jacksepticeye video addiction, first thing I do when I can get on a computer is see what's new...  High score  3525, go for it Jack!  Become #1.  ;P   But really I watch your videos because how entertaining you are, between watching someone say nothing and winning all the time, or you, I'd pick you every time!  :)  Play what you enjoy.
Eyelanders
Eye landersss
Can u  stop with the pee breaks
I’m a lander
AAAAAAAAAAAH
Can you pls play Hitman 2 again?
9:50 Minecraft! Jack please play Minecraft..
Jack: Fifty-three hundred though!

Me: but.... jack....... you forgot the most important part. Fifty-three hundred sixty-nine
I started the video with my volume on full blast, I feel weirdly uncomfortable and seduced at the same time HAHA
Omg I haven't watched hack in soooo long
I thought he said he learned how to play. YEt he is still just going for max points with each placement, rather than thinking ahead long term.
merch link? idk if there is one
Hi jack will you possibly play world war z
haha the minute he started saying "I-Landers" I got into a giggle fit that I could not stop.
Its sounds like he said "I land her you land her"
Jack can you go back and forth with satisfactory and islander
Undertale pee break part 2
Why does Sean always refer to him self as jack
You love your shaman i like my raman
Hey bro
Well actually Jack, you can't have 3 centers on an indivial object, but in a group you can have multiple centers. This is because each individual object in said group has its own center. The center of the group, and the center of each individual object in that group, multiple centers. It's mostly a technicality. Also, every physical object in existence has at least 2 centers. Center of mass and center of gravity.
How did he know
14:24 i heard that sound through my headset as well. it seemed like something horrible was about to happen.
When english trys to speak to a german 

English: can i tounch that over there.
German: Nine.
English:what do you mean nine.
German: NINE. NINE.
english. Stop yelling and what does nine have to do with this?
German: 
My dad worked for coke cola for 20 years
Aoe joke
Wouldn’t it be better to place down all of the buildings and packs before going to the next island Jack?
"Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.. I'm gonna pUNCH IT IN THE FACE!!" 
JackSepticEye 2019
This is to much power for a boy to have - Sean 2019
why does this video has 280 dislikes?
Hey Jack can you play some more Terra Tech
isn't his score 3525?
I love your videos jack you make me smile everyday
Jack i didnt come here for asmr i came for earrape who agrees??
If u do as much as you can on one it helps on the others
jack have you been playing gears of wars during your spear time? 15:39
Is it just me or Jack's voice  at the start
the first time i saw island i thought you said it as IS land
Are you going to play satisfactory again?
Tabs
Im watching it that is published yesterday. Who did?
I haven’t watched jack in a while because I got board of his content (conveniently I got bored when he got bored of his own content too) but I saw the first episode of this series and it seems that since I’ve been gone that jack snorted 16 lines of cocaine and then took muscle relaxers. I’m really enjoying the content now because sometimes he’s chill and then he’s on cocaine again. That’s the jack I missed when I stopped watching. (keep in mind I don’t know long it’s been like this)
0:53 owww tank you jackaboy
Just was watching and I was happy then I see the man bun........ I em now unsubscribed
who else just wanted to see the impotent call so just checked the comments
Mabey
Pls play mortal Kombat 11
Always like before seeing content
City Center = Center of city.

A single island can have multiple cities and thus multiple city centers.
Jack I would really like to see more Vacation Simulator.
Where you friends with my nrother brandon? Or was he just chearing me up
0:27 ExcUsE mE MiSter-
Do more tabs
Its a city center not a island center
Jacksepticeye played castle story?
crud jack knew I was addicted
In house fliper you can buy houses and sell them
I land hers
Is it me or does change his hair style to a warrior’s wolf tail it’s basically a ponytail with the sides shaved off
What is this 0:03
I don’t know why, but this game gives me a Little Alchemy feel
Hi
Hi
0:28 W...Wait... Did ya just say suckin'...
It vas 5300
Shave jack!!!
islanders
ilanders 
irelanders
Yes, my sweet Irish potato hit 22 million subscribers. CONGRATS 🎉🎉🎉😆😆😆😆
Great stream again, man!! And congrats on 22 million subs!
Ideas on milestones in charity livestream
• Watch septicart at Twitter and Tumblr 
• Live funniest home videos 
• Q&A
• Guessing sentences in other languages
• For a specific amount of money jack can tell us/ google up a funny joke.
Congrats you well deserve this you are a hardworking Gaelic gladiator baby boy. Seriously though you deserve 22mil
Congrats on 22mil. Love you and everything you do
Congrats Jack! I was so sad I wasn't here to watch it early, I was doing testing D: (I'm homeschooled ;-;)
You should make a charity stream where if you get many donations, you have to dye your hair green.
fUCKING FINALLY ON 22MIL


And we all did greAT on the 100k I did my part a bought a pin and I'm vERY excited💚
Love you Sean and jetlag sucks lol but I do love you💚💚💚
It’s possible you’ve developed a food allergy or ibs. I developed ibs when I got into my 20s. Or it could be a stomach bug. 

Anyway feel better Sean!!!!! Take it easy!!
The music at the beginning is from the game Child of Light :) It's called Aurora's Theme. 
It's a beautiful game ^^
im so sad i miss it live when you achieved your goal. but i had a client come over. and hard to tune out! im so proud of you, and your efforts.
Congrats Jack.... The Gaelic Gladiator strikes again!!!😁😁
While watching this (finished) livestream, I am busy with a project I am excited for making :3
Can't wait to finish this, and the whole video gave me energy :D
I just wanted to say thank you for doing all this while feeling down. Don't feel disappointed in yourself, because it had to be two parts. You are making a difference, Jack. Don't expect to much of you. It is ok to put your health and sleep first. You are great and you know it.


Also: Thank you to all the other donors! It amazes me every time how generous people can be. Every bit helps. We are making the world a better place.
Sean your absolute angel! You did an amazing job helping people yet again! And congrats on the 22 million! Now go and some rest you deserve it<3
Trial and error food triggers are a pain in the ass. You might have the flu.
I go through the same BS on the daily. I was out shopping yesterday and felt fine until I was almost home. My dad thinks I touched a surface someone (who had handled a food I cannot) touched and forgot to wash my hands, touched my mouth and licked my lips.
Hopefully this won't be your problem, Sean. Best of luck sorting it out.
congratulations on 22mil
Anti is my favorite ego along with chase Brody and Marvin the magnificent but congrats dude pma for life
Man, I joined just as he ended!
Congrats, bro!!! So happy for you!!! I heading to 25 million, baby!!! 💗😘🎆
SPEEEED ISS KEEEYY!!!!!
Burning question: Is red light ever coming back?


And thank you for the awesome stream and using your power and influence to do good in the world.
I wish I could donate but mommy says NAH!! But have a great Red Nose Day!!👍❤️
Congratulations Seán for 22 Million! You are such a passionate, hardworking, genuine and incredibly generous dude. 
Your legacy is assured in history...🥂🍾
Right on time too on my birthday 🎂🍰. CONGRATS JACK 👏👏👏. great forever and always
He said the next one is in may i hope its after my birthday so i can donate
I hecking missed it because of school sksksk
How did I manage to get an UNLISTED VIDEO?
Here we go again on our own, Going down the only road we've ever known.
Such a good stream- yesterday and today! Can’t believe we did it :) Also congrats on 22mil!
Oh im so proud 💞💚 congratulations Sean for 22 million subs🎊🎉👏💓
Every day I watch your videos and every day you raise me up. Even when my dog is going to put down I know that I must maintain positivity, and that I can still find support. Thank you for all the joy you bring to us all.  So keep on keeping on Sean!
Congrats to Sean and the community for reaching 22 million subscribers 🎉🎉🎉
Congrats on the 22 million subs you deserve it I have been following you for 3 years now and just seeing how far you have progressed makes me so happy. Thank you for motivating me to do the smallest things like getting out of bed because I find that hard sometimes you really do deserve every single one of those subscribers!😁😆😁😆
Thanks for the smiles (^3^) awsome jack +boss jack+ epic jack =epic bossome jack
Dang it school, I missed this cause of you!
My beautiful man bun Irish potato bearded Gaelic gladiator man did it 22mill I’m so happy
Great job on getting 22 million subs!! Keep doing what your doing! :D
UGH I missed it again jack plz do another stream
Of course he had to stream while I was in school :')
I'm sorry I was at school when u streamed so sorry I missed the other live to I promise I'll watch the other vids
UR SO GREAT and jack u deserve EVEN MORE than 22m subs
TWENTY-TWO MILLION?!?  I'm just  21,999,940 subscribers away!


But, seriously...you deserve it (and even more subscribers)!
You might not see this but...
                    👇
    


AAAAAAA! WE DID IT! MY IRISH BOY DID IT! and I'm so happy for you and us subscribers. every month when I watch this I'm SO over joyed that you care so much about this event we do too. and keep doing what u do and see u next time!
Congrats man! I'm proud of you! I ordered the pin today. I'm sorry I couldn't be there for this stream :U but I was there last Sunday though
Jack, you deserve all the subscribers. Always stay you: humble and kind. I'm so proud of this community. 

By the way, love the ponytail. 😊
Congrats for 22 millions subscribers, Irish boi
the upset stomach and diarrhea is probably due to the artificial sweeteners in COKE ZERO! well known problem
I like the old jacksepticeye with all of the energy all hi fives all around can you do that ones and a will plz
CONGRATULATIONS JACK!! You deserve the 22 million! 👏👏❤❤
AI Jack I'm from Ireland to and hows your life goin anyway I live your videos
DAMMIT YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME I MISSED IT FACKKKKKKK anyway hope you feel well my favorite irsh potato
Starting my JSE pin collection from this month
Congrats on 22mil Jack we're all so so proud of you dude❤
I hope you feel better soon Seán💕



Congrats for hitting 22 million subscribers 😎🍪
Congrats on the 22 mio. subs. You deserve it. 
And great stream, keep doing the good work. I'm proud of you Jack.
Missed the stream, but congrats on 22 Million Subs! And hope you feel better soon.
Great Job For Getting +2,000,000 Subsribers jack! Excellent Work For all of your videos too! So your subs line is on 22M Subs! Keep going Jack For 30M  Subscribers Soon! Your The Best the best Youtuber!🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒



-🖒1like for those Who Agree. +1Sub For Jack.
1:37:13 When I ask my friends if they want to hang out with me 😂
It  seems like you are on your way to a boss fight.
stumoch ache? taco bell?








congrats on 22 mill gaelic gladiator! <3 u
For anyone wondering, Jack had grey hair since he was 16. He said so in a past video.
jack i love your vids and im a biggest fan and im in philipines thankyou for making me happy every day
Iv been here since 10 mil love your vids they always make me laugh
-Ohh maaaan, here we go again.
(SJ)
U still look like my brotherrrrr!


Although he is Scottish




And ur Irish






:/ hm
Hey just an idea, but for each month could you give us an update/info on what the charities are doing/have done with the money we raised the month before? I think it'd be cool to help motivate people and be good to see the impact these charity streams actually on the real people the charity helps.

IDK, but any charities I've supported long term I've loved seeing how my money has helped eg. Guide dogs keep you updated on a puppy they're training.
you are a great person I hope you are doing well and you are awesome for getting charity to help the kids you are so kind take care sean.
JACK CONGRATS TO THE BEST IRISH YOU TUBER FOR 22 SUSCRIBERS IM VERY HAPPY FOR YOU JACK🤗👍👌🙂👏🏆🎉🎉
I'm dissapointed I didn't see a "Aw shit, here we go again." comment. oh wait while I was typing this jack said it well ok.
Edit: 0:28
I havent watched you in so long its bring good memorys 😁
Well done man. you’re the best YouTuber
I am still able to see this unlisted version, Oof
Oh well, you are doing really good job with these live streams! Love u Jack!
If everything gone good yesterday then you would have gone way past the goal e.g Instagram working and PayPal
I WAS LATE! NOOOOO! btw congrats on 22mil.
You should make a video of the new game cyberpunk 2077
Congrats Jack! Been here since 16m and I'm super damn proud
OMG Jack 22 million! That's bananas! Congrats. Hope you feel better soon!
Wow, jack now look like an old Nordic warrior... that’s kinky AF but I’ll give it a pass.

I’m digging this new look.
I feel bad I came in late but I donated still. Thank you for doing this despite how bad you're feeling. Get well soon!
Hope you feel better Jack, could it be nerves maybe? Anxiety? It is always a possibility, or stress about the live streams, but good luck Jack!
ya boi finally reached 22mill congrats 👏👌
good stream sorry I had to leave also will you ever continue duck season? you never got the other endings
LOVE your
Beard. 💕 Keep up
The good work
Man
Every live stream every 
Youtubers always  sounds lazy
Oof unlisted. Only notification squad have the link
NOOO I MISSED IT!!!! :(

well, CONGRATS for the 22M and for the donations!!!
Great job Jacksepticeye, you should be proud you made it this far.




Let's help you get to 23 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!

YEAH!
On the road to 30 mil 💕 all for our beautiful, bouncy, baby boy
Who missed the stream???
Like if u missed the stream
A CONGRATULATIONS 🎉🎊😆
So happy for you Sean, you deserve all of this💚
Aw man I was too late :/ but congrats on the 22 million subs!!
Well done on 22mil ! Love from Ireland ! 🇮🇪💚☘️
Great job on 22 million subscribers, hope you get more! BUT CONGRATS I KNOW I WOULD NEVER REACH THAT
Congrats jack !!!
🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉🎊
🍷🍻🍷🍻🍷🍻🍷🍻🍷🍻🍷🍻
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
22million of us!!!! What’s everyone’s names?!

Hello and welcome if ur new to the family!! ❤️
I missed the stream but congrats bro!
You're getting old...I am going through the same motions: (
Yay!! I'm so happy for you jackaboy I wuv you ✨





Oh yeah CONGRATS💕
I wish I could have been here while it was live!!! You did amazing dude!!!
can u make a nother live stream next week
Sorry I'm late, but I wanted to congratulate you on 22 million subscribers. I've been here watching your channel for a while, and I am so happy for you ❤! Thank you for being who you are, because my life has been made better because of you.
Rodger got you there man congrats
I was late, and now the stream is over ;-;;;;;
Hi Jack I've always wanted to find a live stream that you made
Im sad I was in school during this Livestream and I missed it
Went away for 5 mins and the live chat ended
Great job bro I think you deserve it man
✨ Congrats my sweet Irish Man! Very good job and congratulations for the successful charity as well!! ✨
Damn it got here when hes about to end the stream
U have a big heart......rare to see people like you......keep up the good work.....luv your vids....
Congtats jack i have been with u since 17 million good ol days congrats jack
Boys we have won......for now......


Jack has beat Ninja!
I love your streams so much because they raise money for charity!!
when are you playing Vacation Simulator
Geez it's crazy how I've been with you since 200k and know your all the way up to 22m
I was kinda worried we wern't gonna hit the goal tbh
All I do is stream stream stream no matter what
New Subnautica below zero update

Go get em Jack
Hi Jack my name is milly I just wanna say thank you for being there for me when I'm in despair and stressed and being sad you touched my heart since 2015-2019 and I have emotions again I wanna say your the best so go out there and keep being what you always been 
LIKE A BOSS!!!!!!!!
OMG THE MUSIC IN THE BEGINNING IS FROM A VIDEO GAME CALLED CHILD OF LIGHT AND ITS AMAZING 😂
Also congrats Jack!!!!! 💚💚
Ur da best jack i was ur fan when u had like 2mil sub and now 22 mil Congrats God bless u dude
good job sean im so happy that you reached your goal thats so awsome and with how fast people donated i think you could whoop that goals ass!!
I love your videos man and keep 🆙 the good work man
Omg, that song in the beginning is from "Child of Light"! I love that soundtrack! <3
Congrats!!! You are my hero and you deserve 22 million subs man. Keep up the PMA Sean!!!
Video: Uploaded 43 minutes ago
Comments: 14 Hours ago
Me:
my BOY hit 22 mil! Congrats My fellow GAELIC GLADIATOR BTW love ur vids jackieboy man keep up the vids 👌
Sean s stand for super e stands for epic a stands for awesome n stands for never loses
I am late but CONGRATULATIONS
Oh my god as soon as I saw the Here We Go Again in the title I was like 'Oh shit, here we go again.' And then Jack said it! What a coincidence! Congrats on 22 M btw Jack!
I’m so happy for you that you got 22 mil subs but I’m so sad that I miss the stream
I love you Jack I been with u for ages never will forget u
What other community raises 100k+ for charity every month??? :>
It’s been a while since I’ve watched jacks channel, and wow he looks different
Congratulations on 22 million Jack what a success
Your the best jack keep making the world a better place and remember (laugh!!!!!!!!!)ps. Pma pma pma pma
sees Jack with a beard


Me: WHERE HAVE I BEEN!!!!
Your doing great keep it up were all hoping for the best for ya
Jaaacckkk congratulations on 22 mill! 😀😀
You're a huge inspiration to me especially with the PMA stuff, I enjoy trying to send positive, good vibes round where I live. 💗
Hey Dude. This is a really cool Idea for a video.
BTW, SOME OF YOUR VIDEOS ARE MISSING!!! For example, can you remember human fall flat where you played the level with those giant balls !?!
I CAN'T FIND IT ANYWHERE !!!
Please fix this problem!!! 🤔🤨😥😲❓❗❓
"We cant get to all of them, but that doesnt mean we shouldn't get to any of them."

That's honestly amazingly motivating. 

Congrats on 22 mil sean you deserve every one. You have become a constant source of friendship and positivity in my life. I found this community about six months ago, and it has been one of the best things that has ever happened to me. There is so much positivity and love, and I appreciate it so much. Thanks for the fun times! Congrats! 🎉
Congratulations on hitting 22 million subs!!!! I have been watching for a couple of years now and I hope you continue to grow and make people as happy as you have made me❤️❤️🎉🎉
Hey jack
Can you please play WORLD WAR Z 
Thanks❤❤
Hoooweeeee! Congrats on you 22 million subs man!!!
ggwp 22 mil subs dude ;D
As soon as I saw the title:
"Ah shit, here we go again"
Echoes in my head....
And he just said it wtf
NOW I DON'T SAY ITS 21M VIEWS YOU HAVE, BUT 22M! CONGRATUATIONS!!!!! 
(I'm so sorry I missed it, I was at school)
Congrats on 22M, Jack!!! SO proud of you!!
congratulations Jack!! You deserve every single achievement you have gotten and so much more!! love from India!
Congrats Sean! Btw play spore again , please?
hi youtubers, lets grow up together 😍 congrats @jacksepticeye
Nice secret Video I CAN STILL SEE IT IN MY NOTIFICATIONS but smart
is it me  or is his hair grey 🤔
Bro we just got a dub from you for you hitting 22mil congrats
I don't even have notifications on your channel and it reminds me that your making a stream, these notifications are getting pretty annoying
You did a good job calling it a day early, Jack. Don't put your health on the line. We know your intentions and that's enough. 💕 Congrats on the 22mil subs! 👏
1:30:22 

Dance Jack! You go dude!
In poland we say it's faraons curse (when you go to Egipt). Best cure is to drink yougt of your origin country.
1:30:41 +10k

lol how

edit: Welp jacksepticeye donated. didn't see
Wish I could have donated, but my parents wouldn't let me. The problems with being too young to do anything. But, I would have voted for chase on the poll. Poor sad dad. Keep being true to yourself Sean! (Or Jack, whichever you prefer) You deserve every last subscriber and then some. Love you, you bring me joy even when I don't think that's possible.
Man I alomost thought he needed mr beast but nope So that awsome great job!!!😁😃😃
congratulations jack! you’re one of my role models :)
Dude! I'm so sorry I missed your stream!! Is it too late to donate?!
Dammit Jack I'm sorry for missing it I was at school :(
Nearly Gained 10M Since I First Watched Him....Oct-Sep 2016
I was at school before they so I couldn't watch the time it was actually uploaded
the very first music is from Child of Light
Good game :)
I think the sickness might be stress from not being home.
EDIT: After listening more, I'm 90% sure its stress. Relax a bit more and stop worrying.
I missed it because I was at school
Anyway 
Happy 22mill my Irish buddy
Congratulations on your 22 million subscribers I think you is the best YouTuber🎉🎉🎊🎊🎆🎆
He should be those people who call out bids
Congrats on the 22 million subscribers Jack! Cam we officially start a war between Jack and Ninja? WHO WOULD WIN?!?!?!?!?!?
Congratulations 🎉🎊🎈🍾Jack!!
Hey Jack, please play Just Shapes and Beats
jesus you hair is going grey Already you old awesome hag <3
Love ya jack been subbed since befor one million great job
you have always been one of my favorite youtubers
Great job Jack 20million subs!!! : )😄😀😁😃🙃
Hello There


MAKE THIS BLUE!!!! GOOD LUCK 20199!!!!!!
v
CONGRATS jack! U have come a looooooong way! I am sooo happy for you!
I took a screenshot of 22000420
I missed this stream again!!! So Congrats on 22nd Million Subscribers!!! and Thank you so much for this charity stream!!!! and I can't wait for this charity month is next May 2019!!!! and You are so fully recovery from last night!!!! and I am so proud of you!
I really wanna join but my family is too poor 👑👑👑👑💎💎ALSO CONGRATS ON 22 MIL!!!!!💎💎👑👑👑👑
Wish I could donate I'm poor 😢
You should upload more of the vacation vr sim. Thinggie, plzzzzzzz
HOLY MOLY MOTHER OF-
BLEEEEEEPP

CONGRATS JACK! HOLY MOLY! XD


akari no



I had to,

Truth be told, congratulations seán!
Before I had watched your videos I was a shy lil girl trying to fit in....now? I don’t care about how people comment on me,my outfit,my personality or anything.....


 H   K         U 


















Yasss
Nice hairstyle from Mr. X congrats
Congrats on 22 million Jack!! You deserve it!!! 😄
Jack idc how simple your symptoms are GO TO A DOCTOR !!
1000 subs: YESSSSS AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH




18mil: oh that happened?
I feel betrayed you didn't include, Ah shit, here we go again, into the title or thumbnail
Baile atha cliath mr. Best you tuber on the Internet!👍👍👍👍
Still making live streams I see
Sean/Jack is your hair gray?
I wish I had at least 10,000 subscribers so I can get one of those YouTube play buttons
Congrats on 22 million subscribers I'm really sad that I couldn't watch it live I was at school
He actually grew a beard 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I left for a year and,
I miss the old Jack.

Green hair, no beard, and always yelling.
But he’s gone....
We’ve got a new lil bean....
No green hair, has a beard, and quiet (sometimes).
I’m sad because the old Jack was so loud
I loved when he screamed his intro and I forgot that my headphones were at full volume.
Jack why did you have to change?😭
Our lil bean had to change.😢
Roses are red
 violets are blue 
Jack's not wearing pants and neither are you
congrats you deserve it Jackaboy
I didnt even get a notification of this...
CONGRATS!!!!! also, I have something for UNDERTALE that I wanted to tell u
AHem
A scarf of red
 And a Jacket blue
Are all that's left
Of brothers two


My Lil poem.
congrats man 
happy 22 million💚💚
Jack has gray hair 😱
CRAP, I MISSED IT BY 18 hours.
YEE YEE
OMG AND
...........UMMMM YEAH SO YEAH
The people who disliked just siad they like kids to be in paverty
Good job everyone that is on the septic squad, I am glad we can help you jack and help cancer and donate to charity, We love you, we love each other
Congrats🥳
Congrats man, you derseve this!
im watching u on live
1:28:16 Just gonna save this time stamp for myself. We made it bois
I hope you're in good health. Hopefully this isn't stressing you out to the point of gray hairs! Love you keep pumpin'
Food posing mabey
Yes if you do the 26th that’s by birthday and that would be so cool to have people donating to save the children on my birthday
Haven’t you ever hear the phrase. Don’t drink the water
Congrats i watch your videos for years and inspired me to make a channel thank u :)
jacksepticeye, play transformers war for cybertron!
Yay 22mil
Jack look's like a Kamski from Detroit become human.
DAMNIT SCHOOL PREVENTED ME FROM SEEING THIS
JACK I love you so much whenever I feel bad your videos always help me feel better I love you
Frickin chicken  missed the stream but aw shit great stream
This comment will get 1 like...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Edit: ↙that's not me
This is what Jack shines at
His honest kindness
DANG I MISSED THE STREAM! REEEEEEEEEEEEE
Congrats!! Top of the mornin' to you Jack!!!
You have a beard now!?!?
Too much caffeine? Well, that's what you get for drinking too much Coca Cola zero sugar with vanilla flavouring, Jack.


P.S: You look old...
I want Jack to do another setup tour :(
Telling jack to play the Spider-Man dlcs until he does. Day 12
...Is the music that plays in the 22 minute range Zelda music????
congrats bud get to feeling better luv you Irish boo
Skylar and me and my friend Nathan loves your videos PMA/ LAUGH
Im watching this stream after it stopped and I just wanted to say that , you, jack have helped me so much for a long time , from when you started I saw  lust in your eyes for  growth. I am so proud of you. Thank you. I struggle with Depression and anxiety daily and you help me to smile. Thank you.
The music at the beginning is the title screen from a game called Child Of Light
There's an enhanced port on Switch eshop, highly recommended :)
Spacedawn inc. is a research and development firm dedicated to creating various products and services that defend the planet against global warming and other environmental, economic and social health issues!
Congratulations on 22 million, Jack!!
I know that everyone else says “ You’ve helped me a lot with your videos! “ and I would say the same thing, but I mean it from the bottom of my heart. I’ve been through bullying, but Jack is like my own super hero that helped me through it!! Thank you for everything you’ve done!! Continue to continue to make your videos awesome!! ( they keep me alive )
I've been here since 100k
aw u love game of thrones too :'))
CONGRATS good on you lad
I MISSED THE STREAM AGAIN
Jack starting to have pewdiepie’s 2018 beard lol
I love your videos i've been watching your videos for years
I love listening to these in the background.
(HIGH DEMAND VIDEO) MORE DRUMS
I'm just rewatching but I realized that Seàn's eyes would sometimes looks green. I think it's just me. Now I can't unsee it. ( btw I played this in the background before so I only commented this now. )
You should play forbidden forgiveness
You deserve to beat T-series mannnn
The Background Music is so soothing
For the love of god bring back satisfactory
IT A MAKE A ME CRY 👌🏾🙏🏾
Your bad feeling could possibly be vertigo
Like many others, I missed the stream, but it was because of work. (I'm older than Sean.)
Hey Jack I found a reference to you in mortal Kombat 11
Hi jack your the best yt ever✌
Jack pls play tabs there's so many new updates and new secret troops u unlock by doing specific atracks
Congratulations on 22M!
new haircut, jakieboi?
pls1play among us gameplay but it is mobile!
React to some Irish Rebel music.
Im gonna take my horse to the old town road im gonna ride till i cant no more,i got the horses in the back horse line is attached

Sorry
🎉🎊Congrats 🎊🎉
Good job give you props for  your doing your great
And GLAYLICK GLADIATORS AND THE BEAST GLAYLICK GLADIATOR IN THE WORLD IS SEAN
I was looking for this vid all day and i have no idea how i got here, but the vids unlisted thats why i couldnt find it
also
CONGRATS ON 22 MILLION
i have the same haircut and the sickness you have atm(i know your pain), also congrats on 22 mil! :D
I miss his top of the mornings
Good job Jack btw my town only has about 200 people
I hate having to miss livestreams because of school
Congrats on 22 mil subs great stream!!
Sooo, I’m fairly new to your channel.. I’ve been watching your videos all day.. I just have one question.. how in the hell do you not lose your voice? Lol! Or have you ever lost your voice from screaming so much in your videos? Not bashing at all, just legit curious.. I like your videos and think you’re an awesome dude! Glad to be subbed to your channel! 😊❤️👊🏻
Congrats on both accomplishments.
I hate ur vids
Congrats 🎉. Feel better.
Jack your the best and keep up what your doing also you always make me laugh.
Whene watching vides make my day
Sean youre becoming old!?
Congratulations on 22!!! You deserve it! I pray you enjoy the rest of your week knowing that you deserve it!!!
The lights changed, just me?!??
pls play secret neighbor it will be really fun to watch you play it
Everyone, This is why one of the reason I respect jack
Not because he is a youtube
Because he’s happy and he is a human,
Can you do some Minecraft ok I love Minecraft so much
Been with you since 2013
Just missed it. Congrats o
I only just got the notification now wtf YouTube
OMG I MISSED IT!!😫😫😫
22 Mil!! Thats rad bro!! Not only did you raise cash for red nose, but you also gained more friends in the community. I enjoy the streams you been doing,  not only do we raise money for folks that need it, but also engage as a whole. Were all proud of you bro, keep it up the world appreciates your hard work. Can't wait for the next stream, keep being awesome. 🍀 😎👊
congrats on 22 million keep the work up!
Hi jack i am your biggest fan
Men i missed 119 mins agai
Top of the mornin to ya jack!
hears Final Fantasy songs and squeals X3
Congrats! You definitely deserve it.
Good job Jack I remember when your first video came out you have been doing good well keep doing good and have a great year
Jack your getting old
Jse please do some more cuphead but this time say yes to the devil
Yay so happy for you
Everyone, raise your hands and give Jackseptictummy your energy!
Why does this have 360 comment expect me
Gongrats here is 22 mill emojis
AHHH SH*T, HERE WE GO AGAIN
Sup man I'm your favorite  youtuber
congrats jack on 22 million
Maybe you have acid reflux.
And congrats on the 22 million subs. I’m a great fan.
Your stream is unlisted
holy crap! i think that music in the beginning is from the game Child of Light! it just got a release on the switch as well!
do another sally face! PLEASE
Any one realize Jack's hair is getting gray
Another livestream? Ok
One day I'll get to watch the strams...
You need to ultimate battle sim again
Congrats Jackie boy
Watching these streams makes me hate being broke more than ever!
Aquaman is back!!!!!
You should totally play universe sandbox 3. If it’s out.
Favorite youtuber love youre work
Congratulations 🎉
Irish i had a beard....
Lucky for you jack be happy what you have ok😋😋
epic gamr moment
Congrats on the 22m subs :D
Good luck again jack and congrats on 22 mill subs
I'm a YouTuber yoo
CONGRATS ON 22MILL SUBS JACK!! I want the charity pin but I have no money 😔
Cheers mate have a drink my galek warrior 🥂
Crud! I missed it!
That meme was from gta San Andreas
Is it ironic that when I saw This stream it is 22 hours after it ended
I can't count to 22 million it's too many numbers GOD THAT'S A BIG ASS NUMBER
hey jack play days gone
Be the best jackaboy keep getting subs
Please like please you’re the best YouTuber
🎉🎊22MILLION WOOOOOOOOOO🎉🎊


Have some cake
           🎂
i hope u feel alot better
Watching the youtube red line catch up to the donation red line was surprisingly entertaining...
Today's fact: The Himalayan Honey Bee, the largest of the honey bees, makes a hallucinogenic honey that tribes collect.
Even though I missed the stream, but congrats on getting 22 million subs Seán.
SOMEONE PUT POISON IN THE DAMN LATÈ AHHHHHHHHH
Do another my friend pedro plz
Game of thrones was epic
Jack who Do U think will win? Irish and a russian vs a russian and irish combined pls pin so ppl can answer
Where is Sam
?
I was the last one i said hi jack hows your mission i hope it was fun but ... ... never mind
Your the best jack
The music at the beginning is from Ori and the Blind Forest
WE DID IT!! Get better Jack!
congrats with the 22 million subs!Good thing i have been here for 5 years straight as a sub to witness the subs going up
I became lactose sensitive in my mid to late 20’s so it’s definitely an allergy you can develop
WELL DONE JACKIE BOI
congrats jack!!
Congrats Jack been here Since 10 Million
I miss your green hair
Yay 22 million!!!!! 🍾🎉🎉🎉🎊🎂🥇
Gray hair this early? :/
Wow only 72 comments?
Darn I missed it
Im late damn you school
22 mill! Congratulations man, you earned it
Congratulations 🏅🏅🥇🥇🥇👌👌👌👌👌👌👊👊👊👊👊👍👍✌✌🤘🤙
Jack you should listen to the song called earth it's super funny
Hmmmmmmmhmmmmmmmm are you in your mid 30s
Congrats on 22 million Jackaboy
Congratulations for the 22 million and may god be with you till the end of time
hi from alaska jack !
Bring back satisfactory
Could be ibs?
Congrats on the 22mil subscribers
Hi jacksepticeye hows your day
Hey jack I gotta ask can i use your septiceye in my art class?
I missed it😢😢😢😢😢😢
HI JACK IM YOURE BIGGEST FAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats on 22 million!!!
Jacksepticeye hits 22M
Ah shit.... here we go again...
1:30:15 is when he hits the goal
I MISSED IT GOD DAMMIT... I WAS AT SCHOLLLLL
Who came here after it went live and just skipped to the end
Plz respond and it's actually happening she is constantly getting confused and is aware of things
ALSO i watch big brother too heehh
shoot i missed it ;-;
I love your video❤😘
I love him and everyone in this community
Please bring back satisfactory
You are  the best
WTF I thought that you are like 3 million shit congrats man 🙃
hey jack huge fan
Dang it! I knew I should have woken up at 8 and not 9!
YouTuber in the world I don't know what I'll do without you you teach me a lot of stuff too and I found all the stuff that you hide in your videos
Hello from China, Jack!
Donation isn't available in my country 😭
Aw whyd the stream disappear off youtube 🥺
Jack looking like Joseph seed
legit grey hairs.
Congrats on hitting 22 million subs jack
Awww my boys getting greys😭
Bro he looks old this is so sad.
He is a little hoarse 🐴
I like how he just donated 10,000$ at the end
Hey Jack will you ever play vr chat again?
Congrats!!
Play days gone pls jack
When are you going to play Mario kart or Mario that's crazy
Damn Jack you got old
Oml I'm su sad lol I joined the live stream yesterday really late and i only watched it for a few minutes before they left and I was so excited today that I could see the live stream and then I missed it and I'm raging 😂😂 Besides that Congrats on 22Mil!! I'm happy the channel is still growing and stuff I've been going through a really hard time recently and Jack always can cheer me up 😊
Congratulations ❤
I was watching when it was live
how was here when he had 1000
Nice you got 22 mil
Congrats man!
Congrats Sean!
Yea 22 million you did it!!!!!!
What happened to ur hair? :O
more tabs they hid special items that give special  powers
anyone noticed jacks got silver hair?
Jack you should replay I am bread
CONGRATS ON 22 MILLION!! WE ALL LOVE YOU💚
The music at the beginning is from child of light, it's a great game
Why is his hair so light
I'm late DANG IT!!
Me when I see the title: Aw shit, here we go again.
Do more drum videos
I love your videos I have not missed one😜😜😜
oh no there are some gray hairs
Can you get a ton of subscriber photos and create a giant Sam(Septiceye) collage of all of the photos that people send in on social media?
CANT BELIEVE I MISSED IT
I Love, Jaiden Animations.
silver fox
BRING BACK SATISFACTORY
Who is Evelyn
SLAM 
Congrats! ♡
Do more my friend Pedro.
why is this unlisted...that means you either find it by coincidence or you need a link to find it
So did he just sit there for an hour? Or play games?
whats the stream for?
Do you watch rupauls drag race
jack play more fortnite
Congrats on 22 million subs! :D :D
Good job Jack
22 everybody we did it
I am a big fan
Congrats on the 22 million subs
I wish i could donate jack
Aaay he said my nammmee
Jack, I finally looked it up! You're not the Son of the Land and Sea! You're Son of the Land and Water!
Play undertale again on a another charity stream
Yow my hoomie give me some milk
Hi Jack!
Play Warframe attempt#9
And congrats bro
add the livestream to a playlist
Is it just the light or does jack have some gray hair
Nice your great jack
Congratulations 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I hope you'll be okey <3
Hi welcome to chillys!
congrats on 22 million subs!
Feel better ok ur health is far more important then entertainment we love and want u healthy
Jacka boy my favorite
Hi Jack 👋
The way he points to everything makes me want to put Ariel over him singing "Look st this stuff, isn't it neat? Wouldn't you think my collections complete?"
Wow ._. Theres  397 comments well now 398
u deserve a billion subs boi
Holy forces dude
IM SOOOO SORRY I WASNT HERE I WAS AT SCHOOL BUT I STAYED FOR THE ENTIRE ONE YESTERDAY!!!! GOOD JOB GUYS!!!!!
Aw i missed it but CONGRATS!!
You look older jack, no offence
It makes me feel joy inside
Jack how old are you!
22 million, congrats man. Tis pretty good 👌
Congrats for 22 million jack!
Sorry I couldn't be there for much. I was at school.
He should be a bidder 😂😂😂
Lelzz go
It makes me super sad );
Is it just me or did the turn red lamp yellow 
Also get well soon Séan😊
How you doin buddy
Did you try medicen?
Congrats on 22 mill!!
Congrats on 22 million been subscribed  since 2016
Yay you beat ninja
Feel better jack 😊😊😊 we love yoy
YOUR HAIR!?
HEY MA HE DID IT AGAIN!
Yeah 22!!!
22 MILLION!!!!!!! LETS GO!!!!!! You are the best YouTuber ever! I hope the best for you.❤
What is the wirdar fing that avar hapnd to you in a video game
We did it Jack and congrats on 22 million
hi jack :)
great stream sean woo ho
i missed it uhhh
I'm sick rn 😣😣😣😣
Hey im the cringe and u inspire me to be a YouTuber as well
I was in that stream for 1hr I missed it sorry jack I couldn’t make it 😕
Congrats Jack!
wait why is this unlisted lol
Nice grey hairs Jack
This is Sensei Septiceye phase
Congratulations
what ever happened to world of goo
Ah frick I'm late
KOREA???
Your going grey congratulations on 22 million
Congrats on 22 million subs man
heres an idea.  Play vacation sim, but without the sim part.  Take a vacation and get to feeling better.
CONGRATULATION
Youer the best
I don't have money so I will donate a little bit of my love!
IT WAS GOOD
Wenn are you going to make tabs again
22M SUBS!!!!!!!! YAYYY😄
Good for you. Congrats on your 22mil
YES!!
22mil good job man
Jack u know what happend to ur grandma in that Joel episode thing that's happening to my grandma
That person is a time travelling lama from outer space to ask the question of 22 million
Good job 👍👍👍👍👋
You da best
Congrats Jackaboy on hitting 22 million subscribers!
Wow I remember when u had 6 mil and played happy wheels! Congratulations
Whops I did it again.
Hi shon
Who's Elvin
Holy ficies dude
Hi jack!
Sing oceanman
your awesome jack
Sorry I could not give a donation
Took you like 10 years finally...
Those gray hair tough
get your gallbladder checked
JACK IS THAT GREY HAIR
1:30:22 Does someone know the music name?
Congrats Sean
Really??? 895 COMMENTS 15 hours in
Congrats Sean
Ya a good pal
hi im one of your subs
Dang I missed it
You are freaking amazing! Now you have inspired me to try and start up my own youtube
Congrats jack on 22M hope u get better I feel sorry for u cause u are not feeling well go away sickness we need energetic jack back
Congrats mate
When subnautica
oh shit, here we go again...
congratulations on hitting 22 million subscribers
school made me miss it :( .
Oh he growing beard now???
Maybe it's the coke.
y ur hair greeeyyy
Grey hair aaaah
Red nose day
Congrats on 22 million! I thought it was great when I got 10
I'm sorry I couldn't watch this stream I was busy.  Congratulations on getting your goal and Congratulations on 22mil 🎆🎈🎉🎊🎶😘
I love  you bro
Damn I was late
grey hairs?
I dyed my hair blue
Well jack passed ninja cool
I will donate for charity
Not to bring down the mood, but  is jack going grey?
I'm late....
Hey jack u might be like me with lack toast in taller ants
0:31 did u get that CJ San Andreas
HES USING CHILD OF LIGHT MUSIC!!!
Child Of Light
Saw dude
Congrats jack!!! 22 million!!😄
Play ark again
Ur the best
Speed were were seeded is keeeeey
YouTubers raise the most money
Why you look like Irish Shia LaBeouf?
HELLO BITHC
HI JACK
Holy shit, congrats on 22 million subscribers Sean
congratulations
More satisfactory
Grey hair😬😪
aww shit here we go again
🔥 💚 🔥 22M 🔥 💚 🔥
That happened to me too jack
Congrats on getting 22 million subscribers
NYOOOOOO JACK
Please play more sims 4 pleas
Are those grey hairs I spy?
I love you jacksepticeye and congrats on hitting 22 million subscribers!
Let's hit 22M
I want half life 3
Ummm just real quick... Who tf is Evelyn?!?
You probably drank the water there
why does it say unlisted
Good job jack
Great Job!!!
Aw shit, here we go again!.
Get back to 1m
God these are dull...
Hi jackadoy
Good job on the 22 million
I remember back when you celebrated having 1,000,000 subscribers. Those were the days.
Cause of you and Sam
Shoutout plz
Congratulations
Congratulations
Huge fan
Hail Satan! 🍕🍕🍕
Jackaboy has less subs than smosh
Is jack greying
Play again tabs pls
Ugh Christ did i miss it again son of a gun welp happy 22.M subs
JACK!!! YE$$$
Congrats on 22million jack you disurve it
Good job on getting 22 million subscribers
Oh you need some shromes
Jack give me shoutout I need it
20 million sub
Hey bud good job on 22 million subs! 😀
Big fan
His hair is graying...
ANTOSEPTICEYEYEEEE
Why does he look like Joseph Seed from Far Cry 5?
WUT do u rate end game?
Did I miss it again
Hi how are you
Hi in your 1 fan
Hi jack
Hi jack
Hi jack
Love your videos
Hi jack
Hi jack
Congrats on 22 million subs
👌👌👌👌 love you jack!
Ah shit here we go again
You started your stream in school and got me in trouble it made a big noise 😢😭
Ah ,Shit here we go again.
What happened to your hair today Jack. because I can see some gray hair 😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥
amazing job!
Play croussout
go back to farcry primal
Hi jack
I love you jack
Damn 22 million that's so many dream
good stream
Congratulations 🎉 on reaching 22 million
congrats on 22M jacksepticeye!
Almost two hours of talking and no gaming. You're no gamer.
I WAS AT SCHOOOOL
Congrats on 22mil
Congrats on 22mil
Love you Jack!!!
congrats jack on 22 million. and many more to come your way.
Sims 4
Wtf ur hair
Doing how you doing doing how oh my God freaky
I love you
CONGRATS JACK!!!!!!!! that’s amazing! I remember when you had 3 million. It’s so crazy how far this community has come. I am so grateful to be apart of it. Get better. Love you all 💓💓💓💓
When did he get grey hair? Is it the lighting?
So sexy. You deserve 200000000000000 subs
Ah, Shit here we go again
Like yesterday im here Jack!!! 💚
Oh shiiiiit, here we go again...
Jse got old
Congrtes
Love vids
Nice job
How u doing
Yessss
Aayyy 22 million :3
Congrats
Congrats
Chase donates at 1:24:18
Jack, go to the doctor later to check on if you don't feel well, maybe it can get  something serious ;^;
Congrats!
Hi  bro
Great stream
do something else
Speeeeeeeeeed is keeeey
Yey 22 mill!!!! Congratsssssß
Also same
＼(^o^)~≪☆*CONGRATULATIONS*☆≫~(^o^)／
☆彡(ノ^^)ノCongratulationsヘ(^^ヘ)☆彡
(★ゝω・)bﾟ・:*:・Congratulations・:*:・ﾟ
(ﾉ^^)ﾉ———————※※☆★congratulations!!★☆
.☆.+:^ヽ(∇￣*)o♪Congratulations♪ｏ(*￣∇)ノ^;+.☆.
☆;:*:;☆;:*:;☆“Congratulations”☆;:*:;☆;:*:;☆
.☆.+:^ヽ(∇￣*)o♪Congratulations♪ｏ(*￣∇)ﾉ^;+.☆.
Awww I missed it 😥😖😞
congrats
Has swears
That sucks man
Sub to Nathan sharp
——-___
Hello are you there can you here me
I have been cubcribed when you were at 100k bro u have Come a longe way I remember when u Celebrated 16m I love u and I miss happy whels when you made 100 episodes lov u for ever
Hello!!!!!👌👌👌👌👌👌
CONGRATS JACK for having 22 million subscribers!!!🙂😀
Why when you do charity i have my payday 3 days before.
Is that Gray hair
hey jack
Shown shownshown
1:29:30 if anyone is wondering
is jack getting grey hair
LAUGH
My stomach usually feels like throwing up when I umm idk what it's called in English but in Indonesia we call it Masuk Angin. You should get a lot of rest, sleep the entire day if possible or at least 8 hours of it.
Jack i have a rage game for ya it's called the end of nigh
Congratulations on 22 million subscribers Sean! You deserve it. Thank you for working so hard and making us laugh every single day :)
Hello jack
Little potato man congrats
Just beat ninja and it’s grand
11:43 I melted
Congratulations on 22 million!!!!!
Really trying to be rude but it looks like hair went gray real fast between episodes.
Again I'm not trying to be rude and I've been here since he wasn't even in double digits in millions
I'm late nooooo
Congrats on 22 million subs Jack! Also, great job on this charity livestream my dude! Your work never ceases to amaze me my dude! HIGH FIVES TO YOU ALL DAY EVERY DAY JACKSEPTICEYE! I PUNCHED THE LIKE BUTTON IN THE FACE LIKE A BOSS! Great job Jack, you truly are a god among men!
Congrats on 22 mil!
Gray hair?
That's poopyrheria
Hello boi o
YEEHAW
Cut your beard
Our sweet Irish potato just hit 22 million subscribers! 🎉🎉🎉 YAY!
Congrats
Yeeee
I would donate $100,000,000 if I could
52:19 just a timestamp for myself
4:25
Charity looks fun
You look old jack
Congrats on 22 million
Jack Jack Jack you sly dog your da best stuff felix compared to you
I really want to participate in charity streams but i gotta wait sun e im not quite old enough yet ;-; but you can bet when im make money of my own ill be there and donate anything i can!
Your awesome
My guinea pig died yesterday 😥
Aw sheet he we go again
10:45
It's weird to think that I'm part of that 22 million ;-;
Happy 22 million subscribers jack!!!!!! You beat ninja!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats
💝
1:29:10
what happn
Sean!!!!!
Congrattttsss
Yay 22 million subs jack🥳🥳🤩
Yeeyeeee
1:30:19
In 6 years, JackSepticEye will be or have an alternate family channel... I’ll still watch.
I dont know what to say i have been watching your content for a long time and now you reached 22 million subs congrats Jack and i hope you don't upchuck
I'm back
Hey
Congrats on 22 Million subs :D
Yo Jack your hair is white
Look like a hoodlum
Whooooooo 22 million!! I remember watching at 10,000. Man, its been a long time
well done jack for raising over 100,000 in 2 days and how come people in 2 day raise 1 billion for the Notre Dome. I think the lives of children should come first over a historic building.
GG
Oh yes
Nice Dance
I’ve been here with jack sense the start and it’s so great to see that my favourite youtuber is having such a good time OH I CANT HOLD IT ANYMORE CONGRATS ON 22 MILLION SUBS JACK
hi jack
I'm 28th
I wish I could donate but I’m 11 so I’m so sorry
🎉🎉🎉😆😆😆😆
Hey Jack could you do a charity stream for a mental health place called Pathstone’s? Because I’ve known them for at least a year and the staff there are lovely I know that because I’ve called their line before and been their before and I love that place and I want more people to be aware to it because I just love helping others out. ❤️
Congrats Jack your got 22 millions subscribe Im impress.
Is this live
Poison
C’mon guys it’s our little Irish prince, it was only a matter of time before he hit 22m
Hello
Hello
Hello
Hey
Yaaaaayyy!!!
:(
Pin I messd up you have green eyes not blue
Hi
Hi
I swear if there’s crying in this...
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
💚💚 well done jacksepticeye 💚💚
You are green turn to brown
Yehhhhh
Hi
22million people love you ❤
Hi
Congratulations for 22 million !
Hi
Hi
Hi
Will you dont chang your old self
Congratulation for reaching 22 million subs!
Hey
Can you imagine that if every one of us donated just one dollar, we could ultimately raise 22 million dollars. How crazy is that.
Hi
Yay!!!
Hope you feel better, Madra.
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Good morning
What happened to old jack?
Oh no
💚
I hate the new you I can barely find your old videos
Jake your getting old
Lactose Intolerance? That’s what it might be.
Is jacks hair turning gray?
Jack u still supporting pewds?
😘😘😘
Hi guys
Ninja sucks.Jack gains the lead.
:)
I am lactose intolerant and when I drink or have any diary products I have bellyache and nauseous and I even run to to the bathroom so for the to much info but hope u feel better
yay
Remember jacks first happy wheels vid?
CONGRATULATION  ON YOU SEAN THAT YOU HAVE 22 MILLION SUBSCRIBER ON YOUR CHANNEL I'M SO PROUD OF YOU. LIKE A BOSS AND PMA SEAN :)
Yes
Remember when jacksepticeye was a good channel?
i've been here since 2013 it just makes me happy when i see a celebration video on subscribers hope you hit 23 million subscribers before then end of the year
Congratulations on hitting 22 Million Subscribers on YouTube. Jacksepticeye.
Gg
YEEEEEE HAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWW 22 MIL!!!! YAYAAYAYAYYAYAYYAY
Is that gay hair?
Gtg
😃
Ok
Ya I'm 10
Helppppp
Your hair looks gray. Are you ok?
I remember when he hit 16 million
sean i would give you all my money so much joy LAUGH to my chest
Hello!
Yay!
Hiii
Egg
AY 22 MILLION ^^
Oh I recognise the song from the beginning it's from a game called child of light nice music
Gonna be honest- don’t like the new Jacksepticeye. I’ve been with you ever since 2014, but I think you changing is for the worst.
ah shit
Aahhhhh
Munch munch munch munch😂
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
hi
1:30:51 JackSepticEye donated 10 000$
CONGRATULATIONS JACKIEBOY! got them 22 million subscribers
Jack i wanted you to know that i like you
yEeT
Congratulations on getting a 22 million subscribers 😀😃😄😄😁
hi
Я думала что у ивангая больше у ниго 13 миллионов но это не так
Plays pewdipie congratulations song
CONGRATULATIONS JACKSEPTICEYE ON 22 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!!!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Congrats on 22 Million subs, jack!
Is Evelyn wiishu??
Are you going to make a video with markipliar ever?
DUDE CONGRATS ON 22 MIL!!!! I’m making you some fanart that I’ll post on my channel later
HIIIIII
Congrats for reaching 22 milion subs!!!!!
Hiiiiiiiiiii
Did he seriously ignore a 10k donation?
Congratuations jack 22 million subscribers🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
The potato got 22 million! Yas!!!!
hey
CONGRATS ON 22 MILLION.I think there is a sick going around
Yay
Nice
Yay!
My sorry
Get better my Bouncing baby boy
Get better my Bouncing baby boy
Shave your beard
Yeet
Yeet
Goodness when did jack get so gray. Hes always had some salt a pepper going on, but holy moly youre going silver my friend.
Jack I might have some advice for you next time you feel bad like that try putting toothpaste in your mouth
PMA
hey
Im late...
Happy 22 million
Whhyyyy does jack have greyish hair?
Nice
Hiiiiiiiiiii
Booter Scooter
Hi have a wonderful day 😺😺😺😺😺😺
22 MILLION SUBS
22 million! We did it!!
JACKSEPTICEYE YOUR GRAYS ARE COMING IN A BIT
Good on your 22 Million subs
Only 78 million to go
Next up 23 million
😱😱😱 22million subs
Jack please remove your videos where the subtitles in video game subtitled God with a lowercase G and where you curse in the same sentence with religious Names and Words and where you joked about God
NOOO JACKSEPTICEYE IM SORRY BUT IVE GOT NOOO MONEY AND I REALLY,REALLY,REALLY!!!WANT TO BE A MEMBER TO YOUR CHANNEL😔😔😔😭😭😭😢😢😢
Viedeo
Congratulations on 22 Mill! If you're still feeling bad,  try and eat something small. Maybe something in your system will help.
Why dislike it
22 Million GREAT SEAN
22 MILLION!!! BABY
Sorry for not being there, I had to go to school but CONGRATULATIONS!!!! ON 22 MILLION = D
I hope with your sleep were a little bit better; fortunately you will feel better soon and also DONT APOLOGIZE IF YOU WANNA HAVE TIME FOR YOURSELF, YOU ARE HUMAN YOU HAVE NECESITIES SO PLEASE AGAIN DONT APOLOGIZE IF YOU WANNA SLEEP: DO IT, YOU DONT WANNA UPLOAD A VIDEO: DONT FORCE IT, please take care of yourself and again I hope you feel better both physically and mentally. ;)
HEWO
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Oof
how old is jack to get gray hair?
Holy shit 22 million!!!
Who's been here since 22 million?
hi I'm a fan
22 MILLION WOOO!!!
Wow another boring video , two boring video . You getting stale and out of idea
I understand your streams are for the good and they have alot of effect, but they are soo boring. Actually do something for your livestreams like play a game, reenact some sort of skits, do a lame ass memestream. Something other than just you sitting there doing nothing
b u t   t h a t   c u t   o f f   t h o
22 mil wooo
OwO
Jack please bring back the old intro 
Wapush
"Top of the morning to yall ladies my name Jacksepticeye and welcom to"
22 mill yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
Happy Wheels
NEVER PLAYED A GAME.

I wasted my time. -_-
My dogs birthday was 2 weeks ago and we spent $125 dollars on treats and toys and last year we even got her a friend but yesterday she died it was her 15 birthday and she had the time of her life a day before she died and I really need support right now. 1 like = 1 support please like this comment it really means a lot to me and god blees you all
Hey, Sean, could you consider doing a charity stream for adult or childhood cancer? My dad has cancer and it would mean a lot to me if you raised money for a cancer charity. ♥️
What is pam
In his first akinator video he had less than 1 million subscribers. He said something said in 5 years he'd have 1 million. Little did they know he has 22 million 5 years later. Congratulations Jacksepticeye!
22,000,000!
OWo
Good
Wasn’t there a time when you did hit 22 million and then lost it?
stupid school i missed all of it
U
gays
hai
💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙❤💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙❤💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
Jesus Christ, some of you fans are rude as shit. All you seem to care about is his looks. His hair? Yeah it's going grey, so what? He's almost 30 and some people grey faster than other people. Doesn't mean there's anything wrong with it and it doesn't mean that you need to bring it up. It's hair. It doesn't diminish who he is as a person. This fanbase has gotten so bad.
Please don't ban me but I ship septiplier but not SMEXUAL kind
Is Jack going grey!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Go back to the young jack plz shave and dye your hair brown
