Show of the Week is delighted to announce that there WILL be another weekend, and it starts NOW. Please enjoy the show! 

OXOX
12:27 ANDY: "Hey, you know what is distracting and changes the subject?"
JANE: "No, what?"
YOUTUBE: Plays skippable game advert.
Have to say the sudden jump between Jane talking about Mark Hamill being her first crush in the New Hope era to a clip of Dutch REALLY threw me for a second
Therapist: "So does the voice of Danny Dyer still tell you to do violent things?"
Danny Dyer voice: "NUT THIS MUG"
Me: "not so much.."
Who could have guessed that Jane had a crush on a science fiction character? Certainly not anyone who's ever herd her talk about Mass Effect....
I would buy it if you have Andy scream  "no a book monster "
Andy's iconic line is "ha loophole!" 
Or is that an iconic line for everyone?
Next week, "Show of the Mark Hamill." Pretty please?
4:17 for Danny Dyer.

You're welcome.
OK, that app sounds amazing,
Ideas from the community please?

YOU ARE DEAD (Andy and Jane started it off with this one)
SPACEEEE, Tim Curry (suggested by your friendly neighborhood Max Velocity)

Other suggestions? (Thanks for all these suggestions everyone your all awesome 👍😀)

Luke: "Cheez it!" and Ellen's incoherent giggling (Suggested by Furry Merchant)

Loophole (suggested by Lecon Herland)

Luke and Ellen reacting to KIPPERS on catnip (suggested by Grugger Dugger Hoose)

Luke: send it Chef (suggested by abundanceofkats)

Moral! Moral! Moral! (Suggested by Michele Taylor)

Jane: oh my days (suggested by MerchMan Dan)

Basically anything Andy says in a horror game (suggested by Kathy Aird) we will go with "ah a book monster" if that's ok with you Kathy.

Jane threatening people (suggested by slew one) erm ok I guess😱

Harvest rabbit and lol my dudes plus another suggestion for Ellen's laugh (suggested by FirstPerson writer) in terms of Ellen's laugh I'm totally ok with it being on the list multiple times, that's how awesome Ellen's laugh is😀.

Mike: it's behind his face, from heist society D&D (suggested by Varun Chaturvedi)

It's time for work boys and F.L.A.M.I.N.G.O.S never say die (suggested by EonStormcrow)

Ellen squeezing, ah a book monster, please don't slend me slender man, the puns BOO and lunch (suggested by Aeon Gray)
if you make a kickstarter for that app I'm up for it
"Its like Danny Dyer is the voice in your head."
What so there are other voices?? Why didn't anyone tell me?! Where is the Morgan Freeman DLC?
It took me way too long to get the S.E.O. and Ezio joke.
You know you've gone full Mike when you say "shut up and gimme that."
I work as a QC (quality control) lab technician, so maybe I would go around treating survivors as defective products and try to kill them by stamping their face with a liquid stamp marked "FAIL".
Also on the oxbox app, “POPCORN!!”, or “DEATH FROM ABOVE!!!”, or “booooooooo”
There’s a Danny Dyre voice pack?? Well I was on the fence before but I’m sold.
Jane would just become the Evil scientist we all know she is.
It must be said:  I really enjoy when you guys cover games that aren’t new.  There are a lot of great games from the last 10 years I’ve missed.  I recently bought a PS3 to play the original Red Dead Redemption and Kingdom of Amalur just because of videos you folks put together.  Good investment, as it turns out!  Feel free to bring up any game that’s tickling your pickle :D.
My dead rising persona would feature elements from life as a data analyst. Ergo, I would use printed Excel sheets thrown as distractions while I hit people with my wireless keyboard yelling 'Sanitise your data inputs!'
I'm so glad you guys are on board with the Japanese snacks idea and also I'm glad Andy enjoyed the soy sauce snack, I got you guys some weird flavours because I know you guys like odd flavoured things.
 
I'm super glad I've inspired something on my favourite YouTube channel :)

Also it's funny to me that I commented about hitman then you guys ate Japanese snacks while playing hitman :)

I really wanna see Jane and Ellen make the DIY candy <3

You guys all rock, it was amazing and life changing meeting you at egx.
Watched livestream. Review notes for Japanese snack review aspirations: not the best play to do it live. See the fizzy drink.
Mike fully resisted the temptation to play Ya--

Forget it, he discovered Outrun.
I still am a little shocked they actually made a sequel to Rage. I thought I was one of the 8 people who played it.
Mike says it's not the great American novel? Not....The Great Gattling...Of Mice And Mayhem....Catch .22 ....Mine The Road....One Flew Over The Sniper's Nest...The Maltese Falchion....?
"AHHH! BOOK MONSTER!" Is mandatory for the proposed app. (Also, the classic "booo!.... boo" bad joke reaction).
The Hug Mug is ADORABLE
I respect you because you can play an FPS with a controller
360p team
It was truly soul crushing on those Yakuza claw games to knock over the one you wanted.
push the Ellen button on the Oxbox App
“That’s freaky deaky!”
My claw machine record in Japan is played one, won one.
Achieved one Kumamon plushie.
Maybe the meteor fell on a nuclear power plant?! You're welcome Mike.
Andy, tired of asking his coworkers to lunch, brings snacks like the smart guy he is.
I'd like a button for Jane's "LOL My Dudes!" and Mike's "How's this for erratic!" on buttons as well please.
LOL - Jane erupts at Andy for saying SEO but then nonchalantly uses ASMR?!?! I mean the irony is I felt a tingle when SEO was mentioned but not so much for ASMR 😛
Me in 2014:  "Guys!  Skyrim is awesome!
I figured Andy would just be the guy that kills people that get historical facts even slightly wrong
Zombie apocalypse Jane’s secret weapon: Bell spiders.
Dog eating ASMR is quite satisfying, people eating just makes me hungry.

Also, I would probably be that nerd spouting off random facts and making contraptions that unexpectedly hurt the protagonist during the apocalypse
damn, the earliest ive been to a vid
If Danny Dyer was in my head, I'd have shot myself.
My dead rising boss gimmick would be exclusively making really really crappy puns, causing physical damage to my enemies before being rightfully taken down.
Jane's idea for a boss kinda sounds like Screwball from Spider-Man (2018) Who was basically a crazy YouTuber
Actually Mike bit of lore for you! The meteorite didn't cause mutations, that was the authority doing it to test out super-soldiers. It failed and they released them into the wild.
unbelievable, 1080p already :O
that flashing "skull"icon is really annoying. not nice for flashsensitive's
That claw machine clip made me remember the good old days of Shenmue 2 playthrough. The debt from lucky hit is what really killed that playthrough XD
I would 100% be one of those full armor bosses that charge you and get stuck in the wall
i see u with that finn balor shirt andy
Oxbox sound app...

S#!T UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!
Jane chastising Andy for not properly explaining SEO was properly wholesome :heart_eyes:
STOP slamming the MAKO, it was fine, I loved it. It was the Hammerhead that needed condemning.
Hey, I love the Mako. I spent so much time rolling down cliffs with it, ahh good times :D
Surely Jane's boss form would be as the mad science bod who caused the zombie plague in the first place.
So now's when we list our favourite iconic Oxboxtra quotes, yes? I'm personally partial to "lol my dudes" from Jane and "send it chef" from Luke : )
Me: It's been a long time, I am now over Aerith's death.
Also me: Final Fantasy 7 Remake

Me: ...oh no...
Andy, have you ever herd of this game called Red Dead Redemption? They've even came out with a RDR2!
'Shut up, gimme that.'


Ah, the immortal words of the older brother taking back the controller... Thanks for the nostalgia hit, Mike.
We just had the video queued up on YouTube and hit play anytime we died. Which actually wasn't extremely often because I've played all 4 seasons more than once...
Someone should maybe let Jane know about Mukbang videos. Or maybe they shouldn't...
I feel like Jane in Monstrous Youtuber boss form should wield a Like Spike ^.^
Oxbox app? As Arnie would say “Do it! Do it now!!!!”
hornet larvae {tang dynasty era}
‘Aaah a Book Monster’ or ‘there is a hand coming out of it’ really just any Andy screams or exclamations during horror games playthrough would do for that app.
Oh and I almost forgot Andy’s scared singing is definitely a must.
yesssss on the OXAPP! And I still want a full-length dance episode for You Are Dead XD (I eat a jellybean every time I take my daily meds, and my partner says it is the most annoying sound in the world haha)
People eating food close to a mic is pretty run-of-the-mill ASMR, but I have no idea how people can sit through it.
I like how Andy explains who Danny Dyer is, and it still makes it no clearer. 😂
The app should contain Andy saying "I've never been more angry. "
dude how did you find candycorn IN MAY?!?!?!?!?!?
I like drumming, drawing and videogames so after a Zombie Apocalypse, my obvious boss form would be... ...dead. No survival skills at all here.
pans down a google results list of reactions to GOT S8ep5 and forwards the You Are Dead meme to D&D's writing cred
I'm still playing Yakuza 0. That game is looong!..and weird. Subs not dubs, though. I had no idea about Mark Hamill being in some of the games.
We all know Jane's classic line is "lol my dudes"
candy corn and outrun ... bliss.
Outsidesoundboard needs to happen I'd love to play time for work boys ect in public😅
I wonder how many times the phrase "I think we can probably switch Danny Dyer off now can't we" has been used.
The timer is S T R E S S I N G M E
three cheers for the return of Jane's Shining sweater! redrum! redrum! redrum! ☝️
I was expecting the usual "lunch" joke at the end, but I guess Andy and Mike filled up on candy corn.
JANE!!!!! Chewing is like one of the most popular types of ASMR videos! What the what? But since you're the brilliant lady physicist maybe I'm the crazy one?
During the intro and right as the claw machine came onscreen, Youtube popped up with an ad about gambling addiction.  lol
Finally, someone is able to snatch Yakuza away from Andy!! Go, Mike!!
What if Andy's Dead Rising boss form was Bud Fensler?
"It's sort of like Danny Dyer is the voice in your head..."
Yeah, that's how I live my life EVERY DAY!
Everything I know about Danny Dyer comes from British podcasts and YouTube channels I follow and it is often to have a go at him. So what I'm saying is, I'm under the impression most people wish they could switch him off as easily as you did in the game
That scene in that movie when i went to see it  somebodies phone did go off and the light from the phone lit the cinema up and the person whose phone went off laughed and all you heard was in a loud scottish accent from another cinema goer THE C#@TS LAUGHG'IN TAE totaly ruined the moment but did make me laugh lol
Jane's boss line: SMASH THAT LIKE BUTTON!!!  As she smashes a like button she threw onto your face.
Jane going "Noooooooooope." must be on the app.  I use that one all the time
Jane: "Referencing"
College students: 0.0
Looks like Fallout meets Mad Max. All you do is rename vaults to Arks.  The first Rage wasn't great.
So, Andy, did you ever manage to catch that squirrel?
If i wanted Mad Max and Far Cry id buy Mad Max and Far Cry. Love the first rage but this looks souless. God Hand is great.
Submitted for your review; classic lines for oxbox

andy's "LOOPHOLE" Shout from times batman has killed 
Jane's "That's worse than death" line when she has to drink soya milk in skills we can't believe we had to learn
"oh dear its all gone a bit mike" from many many live streams
And lukes "HELL IS EMPTY AND ALL THE DEMONS ARE HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!" From the outside extra xmas challenge with kippers the Kajit's rocket boots
The Yakuza-loophole was Batman-worthy XD
Australia version of Rage 2 also got the Ozzy man voicepack. Kinda bummed only Australia gets that, though!
Zombie apocalypse future: I’m a teacher so I’m already living the zombie apocalypse on a daily basis.
In the Dead Rising apocalypse, I'd probably become that one mad Star Trek fan running around with a Bat'leth or something (or make a working phaser if I had the right scientific knowledge).
I noticed that in like every post apocalyptic game you have to restore power to something
Can we get this app before Sunday? I need this for watching all my friends watch the Game of Thrones finale.
With all the Yakuza and God Hand talk lately makes me want some sort of Oxboxtra "Late to the Party" at least for the dry season.
Do do-do do dooo.
Gosh I love how smooth and busy this game is. Also has a good sense of humor. Great video
After 20 to 30 years this video will be reintroducing gems like God Hand, Yakuza 0 and Tetris to the new generation of gamers, who would probably have no idea those games even existed. Well, maybe not Tetris cause that seems to be an undying concept
I’m hoping the app contains some d&d highlights primarily eldritch blast
Danny O'Dyer is here?
When's the Oxventure voice packs coming?
"I see dead people." Cut to Bruce Willis face..... 🎶 You are dead, dead, dead...🎶
I created a video of "You Are Dead" to the Aerith death scene. So did someone else. It's almost like it was a popular game that was begging to be used xD
When I first discovered OX, the signature phrase of the channel was "Leg it! Leg it!". Put that in the app pls.
Iconic OX voice lines? Moral Victory!
My dead rising gimmick would involve gaming. Consoles as armor, controllers as knuckle dusters and also nunchuks
Japanese snack ASMR. What a great idea!
My dead rising boss, as a classics student, would definitely be throwing heavy, dusty tomes at people whilst lecturing them about history :o
Soundboard is the term you guys were looking for lol
Being hit by Jane's Like button sounds fatal. lol
Jane: "Imagine if every enemy was like-"
Me: "Parodius!"
An Oxbox sound board app with catchphrases from the whole team would be fun. A lot of fun. Maybe too much fun? I want it anyway, please. :D
"We're eating Japanese snacks but it's for scientific purposes." Put that on a shirt xD. I love your thinking on the fly. I'm all for innovation
16:00 Congratulations Andy.... You just managed to sum yourself up in two lines.😁
I hope they encounter the motorcyclists driving under rubble in place. It was funny when Jeremy encountered that.
Actually Danny is descended from William the conqueror, top geezer!
I just beat Yakuza 0 for the first time today. It is such an amazing game. I really want to play all of the other Yakuza games now.

Oh, and I would love an app. XD
I'm pretty sure if the zombie apocalypse really happened I'd be one of the first zombies
...or a cultist.
Luke and Ellen step into the studio.
Andy: "I'm not going to use overdrive when there aren't any enemies around, Danny Dyer, get out of my head!"
Luke and Ellen step out of the studio.
The real question is, where did Andy get a bag of Candy Corn in the middle of May???
If you had a licensed app of sounds, I demand "tolerant jesus shotgunned me in the face."
My dead rising boss character would be the guy who oddly knows many things, yet doesn't know everything.

Also I am riding a T-Rex who is driving an M1 Abrams tank while I am firing a WWII artillery gun, the M1A1.
Andy as a Dead Rising boss would actually be a history buff who attempts to bore the protagonist to death with history facts...
A robot on stilts Andy? You remember Dishonored, surely?
Where'd you get that candy corn it's May.
How could you not mention Kent Paul!
You buncha mugs.
What would Jane be after a zombie outbreak? Stupid question, clearly: 'the scientist who started it all'

Also, I never relate to Andy more than when he talks about SEO. Keyword optimisation haunts my dreams.
I'm a vegan baker IRL, so my plan for the zombie apocalypse (or any apocalypse) is to go crazy cannibal immediately
2 points:

1 For some reason my most memorable Andy quote is allways 'AHHH bookmonster'. (for the app, alltho not sure when it's usefull in RL)

2 The Youtube channel FilmJoy does movie reviews while also eating (often oreo's) different snacks and reviewing those also, so it IS possible to do both ;)
If you want more Japanese snacks, easy help - send me a list (of your favourites and maybe throw in a few ideas of things you expect to find in Japan) and I could send you a few 
(^-^)=b
As a business owner and barista I'd become the "Mugger" - handfuls of coffee mugs thrown at high velocity and a steam wand gun - also this may be a d&d character im working on as halflings get a bonus to thrown items 😃
Holy shit. I mean I guess it was bound to but I never thought that youtubing had its own set of incomprehensible professional jargon. What a time to be alive.
Fun Fact: Danny Dyer is not only the descendant of royalty but also of a saint!
Well, obviously to compliment Jane's Youtuber Dead Rising persona I'd be a subscriber that watches Jane...through a sniper riffle. And as a jealous fan I'd be "down voting" anyone that gets too close to her. If you want to fight Jane you better be really entertaining and charming.
I feel like given I am a photographer by trade me as a Dead Rising boss would be like frank west but evil
If they chew too loudly, it will activate an emetic poison put in the snack by Jane.
Ahh 480p, we meet again old friend
Yeetus
There was multiplayer co-op in the first rage.
Don't forget the "Put him in a box" song that used to be tradition for Hitman video's
"Razor sharp thumbs up" now that's what I call a like spike
If Jane became a dead rising boss wouldn’t she just become more open about her world domination plan?
I didn’t even know yakuza 1 had English voice acting I’ve been playing yakuza kiwami 1 with subtitles 😂
Huh...I figured Jane would be running around in a space suit, setting devious traps for 'zombies'
What would dead rising boss would I be, good question, I think I would probably go insane over the death of a close friend and maybe keep their body with me at all times and still talking to her as if they were still alive and killing people who tell me otherwise or try to take them away from me
Andy is the internet explorer of new games... Can't wait for him to cover Resident Evil 6 or something next week...
Japanese snack eating ASMR game reviewers. Sounds like an excellent idea.
I think Jane's dead rising boss should embrace her mad scientist shtick and think shes made all these deadly plans.
Or thanos it and start chucking moons at people
If I were a dead rising boss I'd be the classic mad scientist
A video game as the Great American Novel? This brings new meaning to Graphic Novel.
They should of had Mark Kermode's Danny Dyer impression as a voice pack.
I still think people are being way too hard on this game. It knows what it is, and it's fun. Doesn't need to be more
Will NOT be turning on Danny Dyer mode. eugh
Jane: Like and subdie!
Game looks alright. I vaguely remember possibly playing rage one. I appreciate the coherent reveiw/reaction/what are the goddamn controls and mechanics? Cheers boys
Jane makes an excellent point. The sound of people eating is repulsive....Prove Me Wrong!
"Imagine if every grunt boss was some weirdo", Jane, isn't that called borderlands?
I got the collector's edition
Jane killing people with a like spike is quite the image...
I think that in the societal collapse of the zombie apocalypse, instead of full Corazon, Andy would go full Marston.
is a university student So......... my Deadrising boss form would be crushing my opponents with my crippling debt????... Cool.
I can't believe I got here at 6 comments and 189 views. What the heck is happening here?
I am 100% behind an Oxbox app!
Jane seems to not be familiar with Mukbang and eating ASMR. Quite a popular field. Personally I also hate eating sounds and don’t understand it.
Oooooohhh no. Dead Rising boss if society collapsed? Have you heard of Caligula?
Opportunity for famous Andy lines and we don't get "Boo! To you, specifically. "
Did he say fury road is one of his favorite films ever?😕
If I was in a Dead Rising universe my gimmick would be a “watching YouTube videos” person, obviously. I would just have one of those kids play phones and be just staring at it. Even while walking around and just be killed- so probably not a boss...
So, Jane can probably explain this better than me, but a meteor big enough to instigate the apocalypse would alter the atmosphere sufficiently to probably cause some wicked mutations for some of the survivors.
I feel like my job dealing with all manner of surgical instruments is ready made for a dead  rising style boss... hmm I’ve got some employee/patient interactions to rethink
What's with the skull having a rave in the bottom left corner of Rage 2?
My job is Wine Tasting so I would spit wine at my enemies!
Ok, you are officially the only two people I’ve seen in the last decade that actually enjoy candy corn.
@15:53 "this is fine."
Andy you should combine all your interests and be a goth cowboy pirate
I'd be a zombie cook/gamer- maybe team up with the Oxtra crew for some zombie Overcooked?
Guys. You shouldn’t be playing Rage 2. You should be playing A Plague Tale: Innocence. Seriously. Amazing.
I really miss challenge of the week
The plush squirrel is adorbs lol!!!
id love to see mike choking down a live octopus like that scene in the original  old boy movie
Total war?
My DeadRising boss: I work as a heat treatment operator at a foundry. My weapon of choice would be a weaponized madmax style forklift covered in saw blades on the forks, wheel spikes, and skulls. Dead enemies could then be incinerated in the heat treatment ovens.
If the Arks were designed to preserve humanity's knowledge and achievements, why wouldn't there be a combat shotgun in there?
I reckon that Luke's Dead Rising boss persona would be Kippers
Joe parks would probably like a shout out at some point.
You give a detailed explanation of SEO, but then drop ASMR on me without a hint? Acronym foul!
Mad Max Fury Road and 'greatest movies of all time' really shouldn't be uttered in the same sentence by anyone! God help us all!!
The fact that this is a fully open world and that there is way~ to much to collect to complete stuff, makes it a game that is not a game for me. It makes the game boring after a few hours of playing...

But I do hope you and mike will keep having fun with it tho. ^^
On the subject of post-apocalyptic gimmicks: My job now is customer service for a large retail store, so being able to actually tell customers that they are wrong would be great! Also...add in a murder pit in the middle of the store just for good measure. Customer service with a SMILE! :)
Jane just becomes Screwball from Spiderman PS4
Aeris, really?  Too soon, guys!
I feel like if Jane was a dead rising boss she would have a colosseum and film all the fights she made you do so she could upload them to “YouTube”
Candy corn... DISGUSTANG
I love how people reviewing rage 2 come up with so many nice ways to say the story sucks
So excited when I heard Andy’s SEO comments! 😱 I’m a content writer for a company that makes websites, so I was all “Oh my gosh! I know that!” Fun to hear work-related stuff on one’s favorite channel.
I had Japanese gum once that tasted like I was chewing tin foil covered in lemon dish detergent. I spit it out. Then three minutes later I wanted another piece.
So? Has Rage 2 the "Mike seal of aproval"?
Early
As a zombie apocalypse boss I'd dress up as a Smurf and wield a giant trombone and blast people with sound waves!!
I would be the man from The Most Dangerous Game by Richard Connell because... well it seems better to fight potential enemies/heroes 1 at a time when they’ve only got a knife and a running head start. Plus I really just identify as a Russian aristocrat from the early 20th century
Yeah, that was good voice acting from Mark Hammill, as always.  Weird lip syncing though.
West Edmonton Mall is perfect for Andy's Dead Rising boss, there's a big pirate ship in the middle of a big tank made up like the ocean, and right nextdoor to it is an aquarium tank full of trained dolphins. man eating zombie dolphins.with frickin laser beams attached to their heads. now I'm angry that this ISNT a boss in a video game.
I'm an SEO (Sorry Jane) & Content Executive, I'd be more than happy to tackle the challenge of optimising the channel for both of these completely unrelated topics. Have your people call my people (aka, me).
My dead rising boss form would be like something right out of Bloodborne. I would think I was a hunter serving Queen Annalise (The Queen of the vilebloods). My outfit would be Elaine the crow's & I would use my trusty hunter's axe
One of my friends has a weird ASMR where he likes someone eating. Personally I don't get it because it sounds like they're eating the mic but that's just me
I imagine Andy as a Dead Rising boss would be a dual silverballer weilding, bald headed, suit wearing badass with a dodgy barcode tattoo off centred on the back of his head
As a boss, I think I would pilot a mobile suit made of forklifts... yeah that seems about right. My catch phrase would be "DO YOU EVEN LIFT, BRUH?!?!"
I don't know how to feel about that Red Dead clip, its a big moment in that game but it does add a tad of light to a dark moment. You can't fight nature, you can't fight change... you can't fight dance remixes
lol speaking of asian things tell jane how popular mukkbang videos are please anyone!
I need Andy saying "Don't be stress" for when I am indeed stress.
"No spoilers" Goes to Spoil the movie.
Great gatlingsby is the new merch we deserve
As a digital marketing professional, I feel personally victimized by Jane Douglas
i was on the fence about rage 2, and then you said i can play it with danny dyer talking in my head and i was SOLD, and then you turned it on and he said the same annoying phrase 5 times in 30 seconds and now i'm back on the fence :/
As someone who can barely add 2 and 2 together and get the same answer twice, I really feel Andy's happiness at getting some mental maths right.
Rage, Rage against the Dyer of the light (There is no way I was the only one to think of that)
I was literally playing that Yakuza 0 claw game last night. Not even joking. One of the NPCs wanted a few squirrels, what can I say?
It took me way too long to get why Andy said "the character from Assassin's Creed 2" that they were on a different topic until I started laughing.
Of course Mike will like Rage 2... there's no numbers coming out of peoples' heads when you shoot them! :P
Cars, explosions, no numbers coming out of people when you shoot them … sounds like Rage 2 is right up Mike's alley.
As for your SEO problem, just upload each video twice, once with gaming SEO and once with snack review SEO.
So, that to do list, is that the one that had "podcast" at the top of it by any chance?
I downloaded the you are dead ringtone 2 weeks ago and played it during apex legends... It is online for free already...
Hi
I recently saw a video that shows that Aeris can be found alive in FFVII. Not sure if it's a hoax.
Korean culture is actually really into videos of people eating, also known as "mukbang". All you gotta do is become a kpop channel and everything will be fine.
I would be an Indiana Jones knockoff that treats everything like a rare artefact that needs to be in a museum. there is no museum though...
Also Mike would become a mad max character with death car.
@17:37 "Esseo Analytore da Firengoogle"? Sadly not as successful an assassin as Ezio: guards searching for him could find him too easily.
lol eating candy corn not in October, but now that law is all candy corn must be handed in on November 1
Ye gods, i made a comment about putting "You are dead" song over death of Aeris and someone actually did it. Oxbox community is awesome.
I can't understand how people can play shooter games without mouse and keyboard.
Hearing Majima in English: Thanks, I hate it.
I do paintings and other art/craft things so my apocalypse me would probably dump toxic rotten paint on people or glue them to my canvases or something. 😂 or Id run around playing my flute and smack people in the head with it. 😂
Talking about being Dead Rising bosses, If I became one, I will be a guy dressed in black (Black Hoodie with skulls FTW) with a skull mask talking about life and death and other philosophical subjects while wielding a Sledgehammer.
I want "cheese it" on a ring tone!
Japanese snack channel incoming?

You could call it Outside Snackbox
I think Jane's Dead Rising boss self would be her running around amassing a large number of "subscribers/zombies" while thinking the hero is trying to take them away so that she can't have the golden play button she made out of human remains and glitter.
The Authority (the main villains) created the mutants through genetic experimentation, in order to weaponise them. They deliberately spread the rumour that humans were being mutated by the substance called 'feltrite', which comes from the meteorite that destroyed the civilisation, in order to cover up the truth.
Jane's idea of herself as a Dead Rising villain essentially started out as Screwball from the most recent Spider-Man game, and then got much, much more weird...
Rather than the voice in your head, I'd prefer to think of Danny Dyer as this games version of Navi "OI Listen....you muppet"
Uhhhh what just happened? I was watching Ellen try and hit a cup, and the next thing I know it is three hours later and someone wrote Dob sukz on my face with a sharpie.
oh my god!!! I didn't believe it at first and had to check the ol' imdb but it actually IS Danny Dyer!! I NEED THIS GAME NOW!!!!!
Andy's American accent at 25:35 was so spot on I actually had to rewind to make sure someone else didn't come in just to say that.
MuclBang is a thing jane. there are entire asian stream idols who do nothing but eat food on line.
My Dead Rising boss fight would just be a bunch of references to obscure video games on the Vita, since no one has a Vita. I would also probably be dressed up as Pit from Kid Icarus or maybe a Pokemaniac with the legs of a Charizard and the body of a nerdy 20-something guy. I have a hard time picking one theme.
My favourite color is purple. But Rage 2 have too many purple for my taste.
Oh well, let's hope it achieve grapeness .




Yeah, I know - Boo. I will leave immidietly.
I am but a simple bartender so my dead rising boss would throw makeshift molatovs at people while screaming IT'S PEPSI IS THAT OKAY?!
If I were a Deadrising boss? I guess I'd be a bicycling tea drinker. I'd run the player over with my bike and throw hot tea. They could get me to standstill for hits by turning on a video game nearby.
Hmmm, why not combine your social media into your DR boss ;) “I’m penny dreadful and I’ll punch YOUR like button!’
Is it just me or does Mike look a bit... unclean... in this video? I mean, he's still huggable, just a bit greasy. <3
If I were in dead rising I would probably be a pirate as well. Wait Andy can I join your crew.
I would absolutely pay money for that app.
Why did the Devs put a constantly flashing Icon into Rage 2? They do realize, that there are epileptic people out there right?
during the zombie apocalypse in Andy's mind he's Corazon and he's reconciled with his zombie crew and they are now back to sailing the high seas plundering drinking rum and singing what Frank finds when he turns up is a drunk guy dressed as a pirate on a pirate ship theme climbing frame singing to zombies who proceeds to attack frank with a rapier and cans of grease
I'd rather not think about what boss i'll become in a dead rising scenario because i'm a butcher in real life. All this rotten wasted meat is a real nightmare.
Rage one is better
I personally have misophonia, which means I *hate * certain noises such as chewing, crunching, slurping, etc. Can't stand it. You guys are usually far enough away from your mics to be okay. The "snack review music" during yesterday's stream helped too =)
I don't know how licensing works, but considering the amount of times they've played the "you are dead" song and never gotten a copyright strike; doesn't that mean they are free to use it?
My Dead Rising boss gimmick would be writing related. I could slash people with typewriter keys and write my novel on my victims corpses. Think of it, the ultimate crime thriller!
I know how you feel, Andy; you want to talk about Yakuza, even if people already know about Yakuza. I have a similar problem; I want to talk about .hack, but I keep running into people that don't know  anything about .hack.
I've been a total jerk  trolling people at work about Game of Thrones Deaths.    Thanks for inspiration in turning up the notch when Daenerys Targaryen dies.
Stop questioning the meteor, Mike! Since when did you care WHY you kill the bads? I'll tell you, since you got glasses. Think you're too good for meteor mutants now, do ya?
Where did you get candy corn in May?! Also, can I have some? Please.
I collect furbies so, in my Dead Rising persona I'd be controlling a massive army of Furbies that knife people, explode, shoot things, and my final boss form would be a giant Mecha late 2000s era furby.
Luke as a Dead Rising boss - he’s Admiraluke, wearing three gigantic naval greatcoats and a couple of tricorner hats. He slams you with his telescope and slices with his sextant. “I’LL CUT YOUR JIB CLEAN OFF!!”
I think Mark Hamill is only in the PS2 version of the first Yakuza?  After that, they've stuck to subs for the rest of the series.  I think Michael Madsen was one of the mob bosses too.
Jane's dead rising YouTuber villain sort of exists in Spiderman in the form of Screwball.
Speaking of listening to people eat Jane is usually right that it is annoying. The exception was handsome Jack eating pretzels in borderlands 2. Even if the pretzels suck, that sound of him eating them makes me want crunchy pretzels.... Mmmm pretzels
Does it have to be Japanese snacks? You could find snacks themed around the game you're playing...
Jane-...the sound of people masticating
Me (who is only half listening)-The sound of people WHAT
My gimmick would totally be my mattress I've already been called duvet man, I'd beat the 11 bells of Hell out of any Hero who dares awake my slumber, using only my mattress while donning my duvet as an emperor's robe and my fluffy bunny slippers that have somehow come alive and turned rabbid in the apoc 0_0
/looks down at my Homer Simpson tie
/sheds single tear
/whispers "...But my wife says I am the life of the party."
16:22 that’s proper evil Andy... also, too soon
If this was dead rising Mike would be running around bitting necks and dancing. As a sexy Vampire. Let pretend he does that every weekend any way.
Who eats candy corn in May? Seriously?
If you'd like a general rule for pronouncing Japanese words, just put equal stress on each syllable with no long vowels. There are exceptions and sometimes it makes you sound a bit weird so obviously you can make exceptions where you feel like it but I find this works as a general rule 😁
I'm playing Rage 2 at the moment and its open world reminds me a lot of Red Faction: Guerilla while the gameplay is very much Bulletstorm meets DOOM. So far, I really dig it and I'd recommend you at least give it a rental. Could make for a fun weekend of driving irresponsibly and making people explode like jars of post apocalyptic spaghetti sauce!
Me? As a Dead Rising boss? My boss room would be blasting Dragon Slayer by NSP. I'd be running around slaying zombies I dressed up in dragon costumes... armed with sword and shield and in full platemail, minus greaves or pants (I'm a knight of no pants, so only boxers allowed)... stratagy to defeat me, arrows to the knee obviously.
Percents aren't cummulative the way you calculated. Actually Jane likes Andy 73.96%
Have any of you played the game A Plague innocence?
Games haven't gotten better over the last 15 years. We have all the same, now stale genres and no more interactivity. What happened to videogame physics, and why are we still shooting everything?
So Jane would be screwball from Spider-Man ps4?
So Jane would be screwball from Spider-Man ps4?
Dead rising boss. I would literally befriend all of the animals and argue that they are doing nothing wrong as they kill all the survivors. Catchphrase "they were just trying to feed their families"
So many people told me that Rage 2 is just 'Doom in post-apocalyptic setting'. Is that true?
I burned my mashed potato : (
Me as a dead-rising boss: pretty sure I’d just be taping random pieces of electronics to myself and pretending I’m a cyborg. I’d be trying to melt you with an arm wrapped in graphics cards. Also pretty sure I’d go down easily, so... you’re welcome?
Jane's Dead Rising persona would be Screwball from Spiderman the ps4 game
My gimmic hmmm ... is borring people to death by being just myself something that could work? Or is it to plain? I would probable be the loneliest boss in the game that no one ever fights or even finds. Yep that would be my gimmic, being never found becouse no one cared to look ...
Candy Corn is disgusting.
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐗⭕️❌
:ooooo So Cool Video!
So I totally did not see the app idea and look into this for you guys... But the song you are dead is own by a man named Joe Sparks who has his own web page that you can use to contact him.
Anyone  else reminded of Screwball in Spiderman PS4 after hearing  Jane's Dead rising boss Theory?
Is it bad that the only way I know it's Friday is if Show Of The Week is uploaded... if not I'm just adrift in the winds of time....
After every hitman assassination you are dead needs to be played
Mark hamming is why I've never finished darksiders one. He is so annoying in that game. And you can't kill off his character either. I hope with yakaza, if I play it I can just switch the voice to the original Japanese voice and skip the joker.
Why do people get grief for playing older games?? It's ok to watch a 10 year old movie, or watch a 10 year old show, or read a 10 year old book, or listen to a 10 year old song. Why is there a different standard for video games?
Why are bosses so weird? It’s because while you’re just a minion there’s a dress code and a code of conduct, but when you’re the boss  all the rules go out the window and you can let you’re freak flag fly
"Aliens or something.. and there's some story about a military faction thing..."

Professional journalism here, guys.

Professional.
Danny Dyer sounds very much like Kent Paul from GTA San Andreas. It's been a while since I looked at the imdb for it.
Stay with me here good people. "You are dead!" plays once Black Widow slips from Hawkeye's grip... You're welcome! You can mail me my Academy Award.
Andy's growing frustration at Mike's Hitman playing is always made all the better by Mike not caring one bit.
Half of the fun of Mike playing Hitman is watching Andy watching Mike playing Hitman
"Yes Mike, I know about morals." - Jane. She didn't say she HAD any, just that she knew about them. Clever and evil. A tale as old as time...
Jane: Yes, Mike, I know about morals
Me: I notice she didn't say she HAS morals
Stream starts at 1:03
Hey, don't judge the guy asleep! It was clearly a lot of work dragging all those body bags and stacking them up like that. (wow Mike...just...wow...)
Jane threatening to beat up Andy 😂
"Ive read the players guide I can do whatever i want" might be the single most D&D player thing I've ever heard
Now I play Hitman as stealthy as I possibly can and plan out every little detail but watching Mike play, as chaotic as it is, is never boring.
Ooh, '80s sports jacket with floofy shoulder pads. Nice choice, Jane.
"Summer lightning, hot eldritch blast. Summer lightning, killed me so fast. Met a girl, Cthulhu-crazy, with a bard, thick as can be."
"Well ah well ah well ah well uh-huh, tell me more. Tell me more: did you go on a quest?"
"Tell me more. Tell me more: could she touch kit that's blessed?"
All this time that Andy has been trying to get Mike to play like him and the last 30 minutes of gameplay here showed that Mike has gotten Andy to play like Mike instead.
John Realman always supports Andy we need more Valyrian steel knowledge
Well Done Mike, I don't know how you managed to pull that off but it sure was entertaining
Mike was away all week and just came back to blow up Sean Bean? That's so Mike
Mike: "There's no guards left so..."
Andy: facepalm
Psychopathic clown mass murder Hitman is the best kind of Hitman.
I accidentally exploded him and some nearby nontargets. I forgot there were nitro boosters next to the bomb, and I only wants to get him.
Sean Bean: How would you kill me? What's the plan?
47: I'd blend in with a pack of orcs and shoot you with an arrow after you try to steal a ring from your short friend.
Sean Bean: Gruesome, but I've survived worse than that.
47: I'd have you arrested and executed for treason when you try to expose the queen's infidelity.
Sean Bean: They'd cut my head off, but a red priest could just bring me back. Final bid?
47: I would sneak into the building dressed as a clown, murder a dozen security guards to maintain my cover, then throw a battleaxe at your head through the balcony door.
Sean Bean: That's more like it, but very risky. You'd have a hard time escaping the room, but I'd love to see you try it.
I love the idea of combining different youtube tropes on a gaming channel platform.  Just go easy on the unboxing vids, yeah?
Mike is exactly that dad who loves cars and has boxes of cables that “we will for sure need these so we can’t throw them away”
What's beyond "full Mike"? "Extraordinarily Mike"?
Mike is my spirit animal. I've got so much old PC kit it's ridiculous.
In for a penny. Don't you mean in for a pennywise
In Arkham Knight, the title villain actually says this and goes on about how the symbol is there to direct fire while also being the most durable part of the suit.
I'm loving all this Japanese snack review , but now I'm kind of sad because I miss all the weird snacks I could get while studying over there. :(
Also the Fettuccine one says it's soda flavor, so like Sprite I guess? And Combos are an American thing; they're little pretzel tubes filled with mostly various cheese-based flavors.
wow i never got the notification for this, youtube had a little dot telling me you had a new vid but when i checked there was nothing, now i see you were streaming ><
No one expected the Clown Axequisition. :)
i love your hair today!!! That ponytail looks awesome!!!!
Mike is just having fun and that's what important when playing games, to have fun the way you like (and not the way others think you should). Never change (for anyone other then yourself) Mike :)
Batman's chest symbol is there to draw fire as being bright and noticeable in what is otherwise a lot of black. The nipples are there to confuse and horrify (as clearly they do). So everyone's right!


And as always, Mike's clown attire murder rampage improves an otherwise rather dismal week. Thanks Mike.
Andyyyy, use a flat pen lid. Also the Ramune (Japanese lemonade) bottles screw off the opposite way to ours. Good luck!! (Ask if you need help lol I drink them all the time)
Mike's score says "No Bodies Found" I think the rooms full of body bags tells a different story.
Mike’s wild card gameplay is always entertaining.
This may be the only time that Andy and Mike killed an equal number of people
Just an FYI, that bag of Fettucine gummy candy is 'soda' flavor.

Also, the name Ramune is derived from how the word 'lemonade' would be spelled in Japanese - ra-mu-ne-i-do. The 'e' at the end makes a sound similar to a short 'e' sound (i.e. as in 'bed').

Cheers for the content!
So... The Shibobi challenges are pretty easy and I've done them in 3 attempts though are beatble in 2 attempts. With a easy setup with the mastery of the level you can spawn in the office. For the aquarium pacification I strongly recommend an ICA's Portable Sound Device or the 47 tape mix which you can found in the distractions area of the items. They works like a remote explosive but instead of exploding, they attract the target.
Mike: They think I’m a friendly clown.

Yes a friendly clown who is more than likely covered in blood. People are probably too scared to approach him.
I thought everyone had one of those boxes filled with cords, wires, and plugs. I still have a Nokia 3310 charger from 1999 in mine, along with the phone itself. And no box is complete without at least 5 IEC power cables.
It's a frightening world where Mike has to explain morals to Jane. Mike: AKA Mr. "I know it's an Elusive Target, I'm just going to shoot these guys in the face" is the moral one.
Tom Holland can be Bratman.


Batman' suit symbol plays the same function as Superman's
Just missed it. So now I'm here... in the comments.
Anyone else yawn when they yawned or was that just me?
I've got your back Andy! Batman has said in the comments that the symbol is to draw fire and is extra insulated. That is also why it used to be a bright yellow.
I yawned because Jane kept saying yawn.
I want Jane's jacket...
Jane's jacket is amazing
On the subject of anatomical armour, armoured codpieces were a thing, but they were usually a bit exaggerated and rarely anatomically correct.
FYI Andy, you'd have to multiclass into bard for vicious mockery. Prudence has it as a tiefling ability (it's not a warlock spell), and also Dob is probably much less vengeful.
Mike, climbing up a drainpipe as a homicidal clown who’s just shot two innocent people: Lectures Jane about morals
Clown! Axe! Rampage!
36:08 Andy: "you just killed a man with a penguin notebook" Mike:Yea........" haha even mike felt bad about that one
Holy shit Mike was so frustrating going back n forth with stealth. He finally, FINALLY, gets close to the target and says "let's wait till they get bored". Dude just kill him or pass the controller!
Just realised: The proper way to address Sean Bean politely is, of course, to call him MR. BEAN. 🤯😅🙈 Only took me several years...
You can't have a shiny diamond vampire play Batman. Do not create that subculture, please!
Can I just say, I get major Anor Lando vibes from your and OXtras streams from the Loading Bar
So... when's Andy's therapy session?
I was late for the stream bc i was in class but goddamn is this one great
DAMN SEXY FLANDERS.
I have to say that Andys Valerian steel trivia was the highlight of this stream!
Stream starts at 1:02
I didn't expect abs and nipple talk in a hitman livestream from oxbox, but here we are XD
Well, historically speaking, the greek muscle cuirass did include nipples and that was supposedly armor
My frustration during the elusive target has left me with no words
Sean Bean. "The Man of a Thousand Deaths". 

Sean Bean. The Big SB. The Bean. The Old Beanbag.
That casual "well thats a given Mike" was just tooooo damn sweet!
"You certainly did mike you certainly did" was gold too!
Im a stealth player but this is cathartic to watch...do you Mike, do you...
I could swear I've stumbled into the dark web, what with people telling me to murder Sean Bean and all.
It's a load-bearing eyepatch.
I didnt work as tech crew for long, but with some of the terrible decisions our managers made, being put in the line of fire of a murder robot seems legitimately plausible.
Lol, the candy is also ramune flavored.
Can we get an "Engineer of Making Cars Go Fastering" T-shirt please? 😁
I just noticed the rainbow socks in the clown outfit and I love them.
Yes, please make a podcast! 
Also, ramune is delicious, I kept the first bottle I ever had so I knew what look out for in the future (: (I hope they didn't struggle toopen it for too long)
We only get two flavours of Pocky where I live in Australia, chocolate and strawberry, but I wish we had the green tea one!
Mike - ''never apologise for what you are, Jane''
Jane - ''I'm not, I'm apologising for what YOU are''


OUCH get Mike to the burns ward
I wish I was as carefree in life as Mike is in Hitman
You guys are so blind 😂😂😂
Epic intro muzak. Sax me baby!
12:00 That was litterately the most awkward conversation ever
1:08:48 this little mini spree of killing is probably the funniest Hitman clip I’ve ever seen, everyone is just relaxing talking and Andy is here chucking shurikens into unconscious people
Design flaw is not possible to open. Can't drink it.
Mike, you are a genius. That run with the elusive target has got to be the greatest moment in Hitman since the exploding duck. Oh and also one of the funniest in Oxbox history.
Andy is correct.
the marble in that ramune drink giving you guys some trouble?
I recommend hello pandas or yan yans
You guys need to put Sean Bean through the woodchipper.  I'd like to see him un-die that!
"I'm not saying nipples aren't cool" and "Look at me, I'm a mammal" are candidates for new OXBOXTRA merch.
The Japanese pavilion at Epcot (Disney) has quite a few of those snacks. Wildly overpriced though as you need a ticket just to get to them lol. Probably still overpriced if you have that.
What culture music 👌
i feel like i allready saw this a week ago, got a massive dejà-vu.
I heard there would be snacks. I came for the people, the snacks and the video games. This is practically a sleep over.
Mike's play style is so much more frustrating in a live stream format, I think it made me develop an ulcer.
I can't believe how many axidents happened. I feel sorry for the health & safety manager.
Mike killing Sean Bean is literally watching the Serene Undying being murdered by the Chaotic Alway-Dying. Cue the round of applause caused by viewers everywhere facepalming. <3
"melbournes lovely, sydneys lovely" ya but sydneys better
Omg the livestreams are amazing and extremely funny but their comment sections are the very best!!!
I was not a part of the chat (this time). I will testify against Jane in court if necessary, Andy.
I'm gutted as Friday is literally the only day I can't go to MCM and I've been waiting forever for you guys to go and I'm gonna miss it.
Double OX in "The Taste {dramatic pause} of Murder".
25:25 several suits of medieval armour had something in the groin called a codpiece to evoke that Andy
Wow! I’ve never known anyone else to know about the sunlight sneezing thing before and now TWO Outside Xbox hosts know what it is! Amazing!
How did Mike get points for no bodies found, yet there was a room full of his corpses, bagged and tagged.
I have heard someone say London cops use muppet for Most Useless Police Person Ever Trained. Not sure how accurate that is though.
You guys playing through Hitman 2 is what made me get it recently... At least a couple of the missions. And I had just finished all of Hawke's Bay the night before you did this livestream... And it was so easy... Andy.. I'm so disappointed. Shinobi are covert agents. WHY would you do this in any way other than stealthy?!
Wait, how hard is it to kill Sean Bean?  He dies in everything.
If an ICA coin is tossed and no one's around to be distracted by it, does it still make a sound?
I wonder how much Xp they could get for the dead orphans
Robert Pattinson any day of the week. Andy should check out any of his post-Twilight oeuvre, it's pretty much all good-great indie stuff with great directors and includes some really interesting choices. All Nic Holt is is shiny and chrome.
Someone should make an Elusive Target just for Mike … the object is to kill everyone on the level except for Sean Bean.
For the d&d multiclass talk: To get Vicious Mockery, I recommend taking the Magic Initiate feat. Gives you two cantrips and a first level spell from a list. You can pick from the Bard list and get vicious mockery and another cantrip, and most importantly you can learn Faerie Fire from the bard list.   Faerie Fire makes a 20 ft cube of creatures sparkle WHICH GIVES ALL ATTACK ROLLS AGAINST IT ADVANTAGE. FOR TEN ROUNDS. That way you don't have to sacrifice endgame abilities to be able to insult people to death.
Andy looks so tiny. Is he a tiny person or are jane and Mike Giants?
I skip ahead 20 minutes on accident and I see Mike surrounded by a bunch of bodies. Neat.
A picture of their family waiting at home? This makes me want to kill these fake people even more,lol.
no one wants to see Bat Wang just Bruce Wayne Andy 😀
Coming in late with the backup but they say in the batman arkham knight game the bat symbol is to draw fire and its the hardest part of the suit
Do they not have Teriyaki flavored things in the UK? I thought they were being sarcastic at first
muppet as an insult. from my londoner XP, it has that nice PAH p sound (its a plosive consonant, i believe, for the nerds) and yeah, implies childishness, uselessness and controlability? jim henson invented the word as a portmanteau (beginning of word A, end of word B) of marionette and puppet, FWIW.
I like the snack break. It’s fun! You shouldn’t just limit yourself to Japanese snacks though. Try all sorts of foreign snacks.
48:35
I SAID THAT THING I AM VERY HAPPY :)
I keep forgetting that Kinder Eggs are still legal I'm their original form in the U.K. The U.S. has replaced it with some abomination that has the toy separate from some custardy candy that you eat with a spoon-stick. Looks awful.
I like watching these guys until Mike plays Hitman. I try every time to enjoy it but he purposely ignores Andy and Jane. By the way, on a live stream you can't edit, I would think you would try to be faster for entertainment sake. Unless you want to actually stealth and we know that's not you.
I yawned just hearing them say yawn... that and I’m watching at 1am
I don't remember the name of the movie, but a preview for the Detective Pikachu movie had a dog that reincarnated and returned to the same boy with each life though he was a different dog breed.  The boy sent the dog to his grandaughter to protect her in life.  I teared up at the theater and choked up explaining the trailer to my parents thinking of all of our dogs over the years.
An interesting tidbit; or not; a muppet used to be used to decribe active children. That is why it is an insult to call someone a muppet, you are calling them childish.  Also a moppet was a studious child.  Yes I am old...haha
♥️ Jane ♥️
Hi
1:04:28  you can see the guy puking his guts out in hitman vision
DID JANE SAY TWILIGHT IS A BIGGER THING THAN HARRY POTTER
Don't see it in the comments anywhere, but Jane, combos are an American snack I think, they are at least popular in America
Come on Mike, you can improve on the explosive kill from last time, i just know it.  I fully believe in you Mr Channell.
You guys need the plastic top that came with the soda to open it. It pops the marble into the bottle so you can drink the soda. Whoever sent it to you is trolling you by not including it
I'd never thought I'd be such a fangirl over a YouTube channel, but here we are.
Andy is correct!!
The infamous Batman costumes with the nipples were actually inspired by Greek and Roman sculptures and intricate armor designs. Supposedly the designer wanted a sort of Greek God physique to be the theme. Apparently Clooney considers playing that role one of his biggest regrets of his entire acting career.
John Oliver must be right that all Brits have fantastic abs.  That's why Andy is so affronted by suit molded abs that are unearned.
I am the 1000th like. Thank you thank you.
Sean Bean just looks like pugsy bear to me with that eyepatch.
sorry Jane, Tom Holland can’t be badman, all marvel actors have something in their contracts that say they can’t be in anything DC
Apparently the Water Temple music is a remix of the Shadow Temple music, which explains why the water Temple can sound really creepy.
"and when my head fell off and started reciting Hamlet" is not a sentence I was expecting to hear today
You didn’t play alien isolation...you played isolation

that made me laugh more than it should have
I presume Mike isn't here because he feels no fear? Seriously, the man laughs in the face of terror.
Vampire: The Masquerade Bloodlines. That. F**king. Hotel.
I can't believe Luke left Link trapped underwater in a saved game for twenty years.
Fatal Frame scared me back in the day. The louder you played the sound the more ghost you would hear. That was creepy.
It is cute to think that Jane needs to be shown in night vision to be terrifying. 

And now that I have mocked Jane by calling her efforts cute, I am surely doomed.
I really enjoyed the structure of this episode as well as the length. Love the content and thank you for it.
Andy screams in the first minute! This is gonna be a great video
Before: Nothing scarier than a scratched disc.
Now: Nothing scarier than a 15 GB day one patch.
Similtaneously, my husband and I went "What about Parasite Eve?!" I was 6 years old when I saw the rat transform into a monster backstage in the beginning. Gave me nightmares for WEEKS!!! The whole game did actually!
Ahem, the boys of silence from Bioshock Infinite
Ellen, watch a YouTuber called SovietWomble play Alien Isolation. You'll relate to him.
Jane be evil! In other obvious news.... Water is wet. And it rains often in London.
MGS:V man on fire
that should not going to be horor game but it creepy place even you brave to go on there for 2nd time it still a creepy place

edit: i even never touch that place even for a side mission ._. i'll never go there
nah water temple wasn't scary. Now the Shadow Temple in ocarina of time was scary specially the final boss
List idea
You once did 7 choices we regret but what about the opposite, 7 Choices we stand by forever
EG: Choices such as Life is strange ending choice (Jane), Oppions, ships etc.
Being flung over bottomless pits in Portal 2...
Dead Space. 
Buy game -> Install -> Play intro -> See necroholycrapwhatevers -> Uninstall -> Burn disc.
Money well spent.
Of course Mike wasn't in this video, robot that he is. In that PT segment he seemed more surprised at Andy and Jane's reactions to the jumpscares than the actual jumpscares!
Video: has no mention of collecting all 7 notebooks in Baldi's Basics


Me: GEEEET OOOOUUUUT WHILE YOU STILL CAAAAAAN
the game for me was Doom 3, I didn't make it far though that game
also no surprize to not see any mention of a game from Mike
Thief: Deadly Shadows on XBox. Soon as I got to the Shalebridge Cradle mission, I put the game down and never picked it up again.
Resident evil 7 vr when jack literally bursts through a wall when you least expect you it in the guest house
Eternal darkness was so good. I remember playing it as a youngling and didn't understand the sanity effects so a fly was on my screen i tried to hit it off but it was part of the game. My tv volume lowered so i turned it up only for it to go back to normal and be far too loud. When i got the blue error screen i turned the game off thinking it broke. I lost so much progress and felt stupid the 2nd time when the error screen ended before i could reset my gamecube and i had the realisation that i was dumb and didnt need to reset
Mass Effect 3's Ardat Yakshi Monastery 
My blood still freezes whenever I hear the Banshees' ear shattering shriek
Ah that Silent Hill 1 music. <3
 Fond memories of playing horror games with my sibling.
Eternal Darkness "deleted" our save file once during a bout of insanity. It was great. XD
I would have loved to see his reaction with the red screen and the knocking happened at the same time. Haha
Eternal Darkness..
Check bathtub... People who played the game know EXACTLY what i mean.
Scariest moment in recent memory was in Senua's sacrifice. Forget the whole journey into hell, fighting demons, etc. It was the opening 10 minutes walking through a spooky as f wood and her head turns to look at something. Every gaming instinct I have is to see if it's a clue to a secret or an oncoming enemy, BUT THERE'S NOTHING THERE! It does this so often that I was left a gibbering wreck and actually relieved when a 15 foot tall demon attacked me from the shadows!
I agree with Luke on Ocarina of Time but disagree on the level for me Shadow Temple, the spooky shadow ceiling hands, the creepy ground hands, the slow mummies, and the albino blob creatures, no to all of it.
Outlast and Amnesia were the ones that freaked me out enough to stop playing 😅
Eventually I finished Outlast and I'm glad I did but I just hate the feeling of helplessness 😭 give me something to shoot the baddies with!!!
I love these longer, more personal, less scripted lists so much! It's great to get some real insight into how you all play games differently. Keep them coming, please!
Yes...  Eternal Darkness ...The part for me is when sanity meter made me think it was deleting my saved game...  Awesome game...  Just think you gotta play the game 3 times for the "good" ending...
Oh man, playing Diablo as an 8 year old who didn't speak English? I had no idea why I was being faced with a massive undying super fast enemy who was chopping my head off with a meat cleaver, but what I DID know was "get the ** out of there you idiot!" :P
jump-scared by the reaper leviathan in subnautica is one I wish was on here.
Eternal Darkness, Silent Hill Homecoming, basically any horror game where the MC shares a name with me is unplayable. Especially with friends around they like to provide "atmosphere"
The scariest game is playing Overcooked with Chef Ellen...
Shadow of the Colossus I was little and didn't really know how to play so I was just having fun riding the horse and shooting arrows then I stumbled across a colussus
When you first see a ghost leviathan in Subnautica.
The first death in Doki Doki literature club. At that moment I just got up and walked out of the room and curled up in a ball on the floor. I haven't played it since.
Subnautica... like all of Subnautica.
Specifically, the first time you get a glimpse of a Reaper Leviathan once you get near the Aurora.
"The only thing we have to fear is Fear itself...."
... AND axe-wielding maniacs. =)
Jane explanation on how she loves horror but questions why she dose this to herself is how I am with horror
This is a bit weird but night in the woods kinda terrified me... Mae explaining her problem with the ‘shapes’ really threw me off.
beware scary spoiler for the following games:

ETERNAL DARKNESS
me: well what did you expect!
I'm surprised that nobody put anything from Project Zero/Fatal Frame. That game is utterly terrifying, even now.
I have to agree with OoT but probably have to say bottom of the well instead of the water temple. 
There used to be so many moments in Metroid Fusion too. But I'm still reluctant on having to drop into the SA-X in sector 2.
Lols all water levels with drowning stuff is scary as always even if you add a happy or cheerful music
Shalebridge Cradle from Thief: Deadly Shadows
I had to turn off "Luigi's Mansion", not that it's too scary, just that the atmosphere is very heavy and kind of terrifying, and in the middle of the game, you get to the attic room, and the lightning flashes, and the shadow shows Luigi seemingly hanging from a noose in the shadows, and my middle School brain thought that was enough for the night.
6:19 Canon confirmed Luke is a Skywalker
For me it was the hospital mission in Brothers in Arms Hell's Highway
to be true Im a freaking fan of Horror but when i played Outlast by a friend house... All my fear suddly come and it broke me in the first part because my friend told me "th man will follow you or warn other you new target" ...
but be true I Got freaking Jumpscare by the Loud music then the jumpscare comes because my friend Did behind my back put volume to max 
Due that i stoped playing the game because i caint Handle super loud/ Hard sound ...those will make me jump then the jumpscare it self

Ps: i already saw Gameplay,speedrun,glitch. And still thanks to my friend i froze
P.T. is the first game I couldn't even play, because it was too scary
Somewhere between fallout New Vegas and Fallout 4, feral ghouls went from funny doddering things to GOD AWFUL shambling creatures that sprint at you, death rattling and emeting the whole time

Not to mention the  teleporting mole rats and giant poisonous scorpions. 

There's a reason i carry like ten guns everywhere i go now
I love Eternal Darkness Sanity’s Requiem, Nintendo keeps renewing their patent and nothing is coming from it 😩. Are they gonna remaster it or make a sequel or what. Put it on the switch and I’ll totally get one

Water Temple in Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time scary? If anything, people usually quit that level because of rage and not fear. Now the following temple full of ReDeads, that’s scary and you also go into the well as a child before doing that.

Alien Isolation is so scary, I stopped playing. Alien keeps finding me and I’m on the easiest setting. Turned off the option for the alien to hear me outside the game, so unless that’s just a placebo like selecting Commander Shepard’s gender in Mass Effect Andromeda, that can’t be the problem
"You wouldn't enjoy horror games if you didn't get scared by them, what would be the point?"

1) Appreciating good horror setups and payoffs.
2) Enjoying other people's reactions.
3) The lore of the horror world.
4) The psychological aspect.
5) That thing behind you.
6) It hungers for flesh.

...and that's why I love horror.
Sleep well!
;)
I got anxiety just from watching this! Especially outlast! D:
Still never completed Dead Space because it unnerved me so much. More recently the blindness trial in Hellblade terrified me. For that entire section I was so tense I was clenching my jaw so much it hurt and had a death grip on the controller. Although I finished the game i had to have a break after that bit before continuing 😂
top 10 games so good we didn’t want to finish them
cough telltale twd vomits
When I was fairly young, I bought this game on my iPhone called "The Room 2". It was a really, really beautiful, stunning physical puzzler/escape the room game. The context of the game (which I didn't know at the time) was that the you (the character) was being transported to different points in time by this ancient eldritch/Lovecraftian artifact and being forced to solve arcane puzzle all-the-while reading really spooky and ominous notes from both the people in the time period who interacted with the artifact and those who have also undergone the puzzles. Long-story-short it was incredibly spooky and every level would end with you having to aline eldritch symbols in the air while the screen flashed white and the background jittered around you only for a door surrounded with tentacles to moved towards you and open. Needless to say, my poor young mind couldn't handle all the Lovecraftian spookiness and I deleted the game after completing the 3rd level. But after having it deleted for years I only downloaded it again literally a week ago and complete it in one sitting, I enjoyed it so much I now have plans to play the next two entries in the series. I've also discovered that I have a soft spot for eldritch horror, who knew? ;)
Finally! Eternal Darkness on Outside Xbox! One of my very favorite games! I only ever played with low sanity, the sanity effects were my favorite part :D
I loved eternal darkness. The game screen errors caused me a lot of grief. I didn't know it was an insanity effect and would get frustrated and reset my console. I eventually stopped playing so I wouldn't kill my cube....
bathrooms in the BioShock series. And Steinman, that guy was horrible.
The Water Temple was not and still is not that bad guys...

Geez. Lol
" I don't think you would enjoy horror games if you didn't get scared by them. " 

John Wolfe: " Hold my beer. "
There was a point in SOMA where I became so overwhelmed with psychological, existential terror I had to stop and I haven't picked it up since. I've slain many a zombie, ghoul and ghost, but can't stomach existential horror u_u

Honourable mention goes to the Upper Cathedral Ward, and the Hypogean Gaol in Bloodborne. I've played it several times over but always I'm terrified going through those locations.
I require more scary playthroughs featuring picture-in-picture of the oxbox crew.
Mike is secretly Daredevil, the man without fear 😂😂😂
Ah, Alien Isolation. 
My first proper introduction to the titular Alien in that game led me literally hurling my Xbox controller across the room and diving for cover. Haven’t played it since, so canonically my Amanda Ripley got killed by the Alien while hiding under a bed or something.
Guys, you should put a tag in the title so we know it's one of those personal discussions we love from you
Like, OXCrew Talks [insert number] [insert topic here]?
In my opinion the scariest moment is Queen Vanessa’s manor in a Hat in Time
Any time I hear Ellen’s laugh it makes me smile! Even when y’all are talking about terrifying things that I hated
I kinda now want a stream of Ellen commentating/comforting herself watching SovietWombles playthrough of Alien:Isolation. In the dark of course.
My friend and I played The Last Door.


Good memories. Terrifying, but otherwise good memories.
A game that stopped me for the night... Warframe, the quest Chains of Harrow. The way it starts and sets the mood is creepy enough. The first mission in the quest got me scared enough to stop playing for the night and continue during the day with proper sun and no headphones.
Also, I am a coward. It was worth it in the end but the ramifications haunt my ship to this day.
Ok Luke completed Dark Souls on stream, Ellen's turn to finish Alien Isolation on stream!
I loved Eternal Darkness, one that I stopped playing was Project Zero I barely got past the tutorial 😅
God PT still breaks my brain
Just the sounds alone eurghhh
When I first played Resident Evil 3 as a pre teen and just could not get away from nemesis. I only beat the game as an adult because I used an emulator for all the ammos. 
To this day I freak when I'm up against an unkillable boss.
In senuas sacrifice theres a section where a fire spirit chases you through a puzzle and I died so many times I stop playing cause I was afraid the game was gonna take my save file away.

The fire spirit was pretty  Scary on its own without all giving it the power to steal all my progress.
Oh my God!
Lara crofts wolfs! The memories, the nightmares, the agony! All is coming back
'The Thing' video game from the early 2000's. I don't think I made it more than 10 minutes into that one.
The real reason for Outside Xtra, so mike can take holidays.
I had the same thing with zelda 😂 I only finished it 3 years ago
Eternal Darkness is wonderful. I've seen two full playthroughs of it, played through about 80% of the game myself, and I've never even seen that Shakespeare head sanity effect (and the B button prompt to "Replace Head" is icing on the cake). It's amazing, just how many sanity effects there are with such variances in their conditions/chances of appearing.


I don't think there's really any game before or since that's done that sort of effect that well. It really hit a perfect blend of 4th-wall madness and in-game madness.
F.E.A.R. is the only one. I'm not into horror games and bought it to have another FPS shooter to play. 
These glitches on the HUD happens when Alma is nearby doing something and at one point I stood in front of a door with glass, the glitch happens and the lamps in the room starts moving.
Instead of entering and without even thinking about it, I saved the game and quit. My nerves had enough.
Eventually did finish it about two months after and it's a brilliant game along with the first expansion, and to some extent the second game.
OMG, that is easily the worst part in Outlast, I 100% can not handle that part, it pretty much embodies many of my fears!
Wolfenstein Spear of Destiny.  The jump scare enemies were too much.
Obvious great absent from this list: Diablo’s Butcher
“Fresh meat!”
I ALSO quit on Silent Hill. But long LONG before the boss battle, I was completely swept up by the mounting ambience. 

When you go into the School for the SECOND time. You complete a puzzle and causes a bunch of shadow children start following you around. 

What got me most of all is that they phased through walls, were unaffected by weapons and always followed you around. That’s the point I “nope”ed out and put it down forever.
If Luke had issues with the water temple, how'd he do with the Shadow Temple?
Eternal Darkness is such a great game. Good choice in games <3
I remember.

I was like 10(?) and played Halo: CE
When I get to the level “343 Guilty Spark” I was like “oh, a swamp”

Then I noticed, something stalkin me (I couldn’t find the entrance to the forerunner structure for like 15 minutes) 

As I tried to approach, whatever was Stalkin me, it just vanished, only to stalk me again 2 minutes later.

Then, when I arrived in the “shock room” (I will always call it so) and as I watched the Cutscene of the Marines gettin attacked by Flood infection form, I was already terrified (remember, I was like 10)

Then, cutscene ended, I was left alone in the shock room, all doors closed, when the door at the far end of the room, suddenly got smashed from inside, and like 52749923 Flood infection forms came for me, I almost got a stroke from that, when the door from which I entered the room also got smashed, and these weird space tentacle Zombies came charging right to me. All in combination with the disgusting Flood sound effects and disturbing Flood theme.

I never played this level again for like 2 years
My most frightening moment when I younger:
Mario 64 - piano monster in King Boo's Castle &
Creepy music on the merry go round...
Im with ellen Tis scary but I made it to my first couple alien encounters before installing XD
I remember getting my dad to play through the Sorrow section in MGS3 because I was so scared.
Honestly, the Majora's Mask Water Temple is a lot worse than the one in Ocarina of Time
I think my moment has to be from Slender: The Arrival.  Late into the game, you play a level where you're exploring an abandoned farm, and eventually you have to go down into and navigate a very narrow, very dark underground maze-like bunker out in the fields. Your only source of light is flickering lights, and there are moments during the flickers you can see a figure who is not Slendy watching you.
Nothing actually happens though,  you leave the bunker where you have to run all the way back through the fields back to relative safety, as you hear an ungodly screeching behind you.


I may have beaten the game, and am perfectly fine with the rest of it but that one level terrifies me.  I understand the mechanics and triggers of the game, but goddamn I never want to replay that level ever again.
The moment a game became too scary for me to complete...
It has to be Dark Souls 1 - The Tomb of Giants.


Let me explain - I am Nyctophobic. I have a severe fear of Darkness, due to a lot of frightful things happening to me when I was younger. Including a forest fire at midnight in front of our old home when I was 3 years old, a dog attacking my brother after we came home late from a movie (I was 10 years old at that time), being trapped in our own basement for 3 full hours when I was 12 years old and I could list at least 27 other things over the course of my 32 years of life that fuel this madness...


But don't think I am a scardycat through and through. I have played and been exposed to horror games since I was 6 years old. I played the original Clock Tower game when I was 11 years old and own a small library full of Horror Games dating back to the era of "having no Internet to share walkthroughs with others".


The Tomb of Giants wasn't that bad at first. I managed to get as far as Pinwheel on my own, but after that - oh boy...
I had the Lantern, but it didn't help. The ambience, the arrows from nowhere, the rattling in front of you.
Everything just scratched over my nerves, made me tense and when one of those big guys leaped out at me I "Nope - Quit" my way right out of there.

Thanks to my lil' sister, I managed to get through it later, but when I play alone, I cannot by the life of me get through it...
Half Life 2: We Don't Go To Ravenholm

I was definitely too young when I first experienced it...
Also I think it took me like 3 tries to get through the Entirety of Ravenholm in Half-Life 2. Those fast Zombies... 
eff that.
The scariest thing Eternal Darkness did was claiming my memory card has wiped...
Bioshock: Infinite. That moment after you've spent 20 minutes stealthing past the Boys of Silence and then once you've completed your objective, you turn and find one RIGHT BEHIND YOU!

I didn't scream (somehow), I just paused the game, set the controller down, and took the dog for a long walk.
Thanks to Ocarina of Time I am genuinely still scared of Ganondorf. Not Ganon, mind, just Ganondorf. I didn't beat OOT until it was rereleased on 3DS.
F.E.A.R. 1, 2 and 3. Particularly the first one. That game actually made me "Nope." Pause, and quit on the spot. I think it was a room where you walk in and its empty but a light falls from the ceiling. My position of course was one that let me see it from the corner of the eye view. And I just. Couldn't.
Part of me is sad that I don't get scared from movies or games. The presentation to incite fear in people is fascinating to me, but I suppose I over-analyze too much to actually be scared in the moment. Then again, fear of failed game saves is very real from past experiences, but that's outside the gameplay itself. (Heh. If I ever make a scary game, I'll have to code a fake crash followed by a fake "failed save" of their entire savegame catalog near the end of the game. That'll get 'em.)
Ellen: Isolation may be y'all's best pun yet.
I tend to avoid most scary games as a rule, but there have been a few times I had to stop playing.

Earliest time (that I haven't supressed): The giant Eel in Super Mario 64. Having to bait it to swim out to get a star on it's tail was a NOPE for me. Eventually had to get a friend to get that star while I sat in another room.

Most recent: Seamoth attacked by a Reaper in Submautica, followed shortly with being teleported out of said almost-destroyed Seamoth by a Warper. Could take either on their own, but the Warper when I was still shaking from the Reaper was just too much.

Most memorable: Eternal Darkness "I CAN'T GET THE BLOOD OUT!" Anyone watching me play through the second or third time for 100% would have seen me turn away eyes closed when I knew it was coming.

Most times: Dead Space. Not because of any actual event though, but just because it was so good at building up suspense that I had to keep walking away just to calm down.

Honorable Mention: Queen Vanessa's Manor in A Hat in Time.
I remember Luigi's Mansion scared me when I first got it, it came with the gamecube. I am such a wuss with scary things and I got scared every time a ghost would pop up. It wasn't super scary (since it is a nintendo game) but I hated the jumpscare feel of it I didn't actually finish playing it until years later, once I got over the jumpscare feeling. 


Another game is 2017's Prey, I would get so tense that I had to take breaks because I'd drop the controller every time I got scared. I eventually finished it, and I love it. But initially it took me awhile, its a great game!
Dark Souls 2, The Gutter. I have a slight fear of heights and a slight fear of the dark and a near phobia of falling. Combine the 3 with lots of stuff to make it WAY worse like random poison spitting statues that can knock you off the long, deadly drops.

I just, couldn't. I haven't picked it back up since.
@6:20
Nobody:

Luke: "As a youngling"




Anakin Skywalker: 
I did end up going back to complete it, but the game I stopped playing because it got too scary was Doki Doki Literature Club. So no spoilers but I had already beaten it with a friend's support, and as someone who hates horror I can easily say it was the worst experience of my life. A brilliantly crafted horror experience, but I hated it because I'm a baby. Anyways, weeks after beating it, I heard tell of a good ending, achievable through multiple reloads and such. At that point I had watched a bunch of playthroughs of it and felt like I had basically seen all there was to see. So I go through Act 1 three times as the prerequisite for the good ending, then as I'm playing Act 2 I write all three poems for Yuri, which is something I didn't think about but hadn't seen any other player do. Lemme just say, hitting something unknown and suddenly terrifying is leagues worse than expecting a scare and getting a scare. It's going from a low point to a lower point versus going from a high point to the lowest point.

After the scare happened I took some deep breaths and continued, confident nothing else could take me by surprise, only for a character to /immediately/ hit me with a "I warned you." and send me right back to mortal terror. And that's when I put the game to bed for a while.
For me it's the VtM: Bloodlines Ocean House Hotel. I did it once, never again. Now I noclip straight to the attic.
Jane, the evil genius of oxbox, feels fear?  I don't believe this.
Just from the games being played, you could tell witch oxbox/oxbox extra member was playing.
Spookingtons in May? Is no month safe?!
The Sanity effect of Eternal Darkness when they erase your memory card was a very scary moment! wow!
Anyone remember Dead Space 2? There were two parts where i actually had to stop playing for a while.
1. The damn tentacle that pulls you suddendly 

2. These creepy exploding babies holy sh**
Seeing the first one makes me remember theres a pt reference in Observer.
I actually feel bad for laughing at Andy being terrified. Im genuinely sorry. Still think it was funny though.
I'm kinda pleased to know that I noped out of Outcast at the same point as Jane, eldritch horror queen. At least Jane was at home alone, I fully noped out live on stream... XD
New Vegas going directly north from goodsprings and getting swarmed by cazadore s
I still haven't finished the original Bioshock after getting jumpscared by the doctor guy appearing behind you.
It’s nice to see Luke recount his times as a young Doom Guy.
I stop playing Alien Isolation after 2 hours and never played it again.
The first level in the EVIL WITHIN. It was the scariest thing ever. 
It took me a year to know I had to sneak and not stab him.good times.
I think we need a series of "Ellen and Mike play Alien Isolation". :)
Jane, we all love you but you are always terrifying
Ellen's just the cutest!
'specially  kiddo Ellen XD
Honestly any game with a multiplayer or online feature that is on by default or  unable to be turned off.
That is enough to terrify me, Dark Souls, Sims...
Haven't watched these guys for years. Glad to see the gang is still at it. Awesome job!
The haunted house mission in Vampire: The Masquerade. I've finished the game many times, but when I first played it in my early teens that bit just terrified me and I couldn't get through it. So instead I kept making new characters and playing through the game up to that point, and then stopping
virtual virtual reality
YES Jane - I genuinely wish I had never seen Hereditary. People laugh when I say that and I have to stop them and repeat "No, I genuinely regret seeing it."
"Here are clips showing me handling [scary games]" and you DON'T have the "YOSHIMITSU WHY!?!?!?" from Emily Wants to Play Too???
Outlast made me cry and piss myself. No joke.
Okay, I'm glad I'm not the only one that just hung out at Croft Manor. Lmao
I am soo happy that you brought up the book monster
Amnesia, I love psychological horror but I'm also too much of a scaredy cat so I never really finished Amnesia.
I do believe that psychological horror is one of the strongest types of horror since it plays with your mind rather than jumpscaring you in every corner.
The game I dropped (until recently) was Dying Light. I had got it a few months after it first released and I couldn’t get passed the first actual mission bc of the night zombies and I had no idea that I could sleep til day time. I just decided to pick it back up bc of recent news of dying light 2
Outlast and layers of fear tied for the 1st place scariest games I've played
Absolutely love this list and this personal format! Please do a second one!
Dark Souls.... the Hydra.... just run now... just run!!!!
Mine would have to be those bloody mannequins in the first Commended game, seriously F that.
That's funny that Ellen mentionned the first Tomb Raider. Because that was my personal first NOPE in a video game too. It was a bit later for me. I completely freaked out the first time we encounter the T-Rex. I was so scared I dropped my controller and watched Lara helplessly getting torn appart by the T-rex.


I only finished the first Tomb Raider when Tomb Raider Anniversary came out
Resident Evil 4 hedge maze dogs. I think it took me a few months to go back lol 😅
Enemy Zero on the Sega Saturn. I can't tell you when but I turned it off & never played it again because it freaked me out so much.
Remembered Emily Wants to Play, Too? Andy and Janet (wisely) ran away after the first level.  Good call.  It was probably too scary for them.
Im so upset. I haven't been seeing any of you guy's videos. I thought you weren't uploading. Stupid YouTube

But another great video 👍
Subnautica, and in the most unusual place.  Everyone gets freaked out by the fauna attacking you for the first time, especially the Reapers.  But what you don’t see is more terrifying, and I already have a fear of deep water.

In the Southwest corner of the map, is the Sea Treader’s Path.  Anyone familiar with the game might be laughing, because there’s nothing that can hurt you in this biome.  It’s one of the safest places in the game.  But, it’s one of the deepest and featureless, with the light turned down to almost completely black.  There are almost no ambient sounds, so it sounds almost muffled and claustrophobic.  Except, there’s a heavy music track playing, that feels like an action sequence is about to start, yet you’re just swimming around in nothingness above a flat floor that seems to stretch out forever.

I was so tensed up down there, I thought my spine was going to snap.  Then out of the inky black, I saw my first Sea Treader.  I won’t try to describe them, but they’re the most alien things in the game.  A lot of the real monsters in that game, are just scary fish.  Sea Treaders?  I can’t think of a comparison.  I saw that thing, then a few more behind it, and threw my headphones off and closed the game without saving.  A was so startled, I went to the wiki to figure out what had just happened.  Imagine my embarrassment when I learned the truth!
I love how they couldn’t ask Mike because make has no fear 😂
I'm a total wuss about horror, but I was shocked to see the Water Temple on here. That was my favorite dungeon in the game!
Everyone else: AaAAaGgHh!!!

Mike: teehee
Halo CE first time discovering The Flood.
Note how Mike doesn't have any entires in this. I guess this all but confirms that he's an emotionless robot.
The jump scare from a looking glass in Prey (2017) made me stop playing for a little bit. Came back to continue a few minutes later.
Mine was Prey. I was playing and barely got past the intro and then stumbled upon a glowing Orange phantom and black phantom. then, and this is when I walked away, one said to me "what do you see, The shape in the glass?" And started chasing me and trying to find me. Still haven't played it since.
First time meeting a Pendulum in Silent Hill 3. Took one look, decided 'nope' and promptly shut the game off. 






Ok, it was more of a 'freak out' but I was rather young at the time.
Ellen is friggin' adorable lol.

I never even tried to play Alien Isolation. Nope!
Next Full-play should be Ellen playing Alien: Isolation!!!!
slenderman i think edit: change my mind dead space 1 alone in the darkness no one home with that monster yup 100%
You have Outlast, but nothing from Dead Space? One was pretty scary the whole way through, but 2 was downright horrifying
We want Livestream of Ellen playing Isolation.
Eternal Darkness is the best game ever!!!!!
You're not alone Ellen, I got scared of the tigers in Tomb Raider 2 when I first played it.
Wow the iconic Tomb Raider music on the background.
I love these videos about your personal experiences of video games.
4:09 would you say you were forced to carry on my wayward son
"5: Your head falling off"
I wish these types of videos had their own playlist. It would make them more bingeable.
As for scary moments...
Bloodborne. Quit after about 30 mins. The atmosphere got to me before the difficulty had the chance.
Sims 3 seeing my character burn to death. RIP Madison.
Much respect to you guys for doing this vid.


As a little thing I remember the leech monsters on Altered beast creeped me out when I first played it.
lmao the wolves in laura croft were unerving but it gets worse...there are tigers and dinos😂
I'm kinda surprised about the water temple as opposed to the creepy creature with all the hands.
F E.A.R. is creepy, tho I didn't actually find it scary.
I got spooked by that first zombie in resident 4 as a kid.  Played it alone, in the dark, at night.  Finished it but it made me jump.
Scariest game has to be Alien Isolation. The Xenomorph has two AI!!! Two!!!
Gibdos/redeads in the zelda series. Even as an adult,it's scary to get surprised by them and their screams are like blood curdling soooooo yeah
It's hard listening to a grown man struggle to explain why Zelda is scary.. cmon man.
The first time I saw the wife in Layers of Fear. Instantly knew I would not be enjoying this experience.
Dark souls 2, when you first encounter the giant mansized spiders....I have never noped out of a game faster than that.
Eternal darkness is one of my favorite games. You NEED to do a let's play
I can understand the well in the middle of kakariko village and maybe the shadow temple but really the water temple
Jane,  that blouse is fantastic.
There aren't many, but I clearly remember one. I was playing a Morrowind - in my opinion, it's a bit clunky, but the atmosphere is just amazing. And I went to this huge Red Mountain, surrounded by a wall, and through the gate... and this gray, screaming humanoid jumps at me. I was like "NOPE!", run away through the gate and never came back. Never finished the game.
Not gonna lie, the forest temple was one of the last temples I completed, I got the bow and then never went back to the temple until I'd finished all the others
Turok 2: Seeds of Evil. When you first meet the Flesh-Eaters. I didn't even see them, they just started talking and I screamed, jumped, and turn off my N64. Did not return for months.
This was the best video by far, especially with the candid talk. Felt so real and more personal. Great to see too that I'm not just a wuss and that even pros get scared. 💙
Freaking Ravenholm in Half Life 2. It took me so long to get through it because I could only play like, half an hour at a time.
I was absolutely terrified of Pokémon Mystery Dungeon's "Force".

Basically, if you stayed on a floor for too long, it would start saying ominous messages, like "Something is coming..." "It's getting closer..." "Strong winds are blowing..." and the music always stopped for like a full second as it was sent. If you stayed for too long, you'd ge instantly sent flying out of the dungeon.

I still wonder to this day what that THING is.
Luke: Ocarina of Time’s Water Temple 

Me, an intellectual: Majora’s Mask Great Bay Temple
I stopped at the same part of Outlast! And I still haven't picked the game back up, yet.
I'm a horror lightweight.  Even the underwater station portion of Manaan in Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic creeped me the hell out.  Especially when you have to clunk around alone in a enviorment suit with only that wonky sonic weapon to defend yourself from the sharks.
Police Quest 4, when you find the head in the fridge. I was ~13 at the time I played it and even 34 years later I haven't finished the game.
6:39 guaranteed that the next Zelda has underwater levels exactly like this.  It was the only thing blatantly missing from Breath of the Wild.
Max Payne wasn't scary, but it was creepy enough that I wouldn't play it more than an hour at a time.
POS video. Their screams sound scripted.
Dragon Quest 4. The final boss form changes. Did not play again until the DS remake.
The Suffering PS2.....😳😳😳.....almost had to stop.
* sees thumbnail *
How can you stop playing a game that isn't even out yet?
Speaking of silent hill. They one movie actors said location was haunted. They walkie talkies would pick up on strange unearth voices. One person even claimed they saw shadow figures.
In shadow of the colossus i stopped when i came across  the bull. It felt so alien and i couldnt figure out to use the torches. I felt dread, hopelessness as well. I felt the same in Battlefield 2 for the ps2 on the bridge mission. I just kept getting gunned down, and the situation filled me with fear. Up until these points everything was smooth sailing. Some difficulty for sure, but i always felt like i had control, like of i just did something better i could win. But with these, more so the bull, i couldnt just power through, and i felt weak.
What makes this one so scary is because the game is so innocuous beforehand until this point - suddenly hearing the drowning music in Sonic. Out of nowhere in a perfectly happy colourful game comes the dreadful countdown of imminent watery death. I gave up on Chemical Plant Zone for weeks as a result.

Still scares me today
I stopped playing outlast at the basement level as well
VtM Bloodlines: the Hollywood sewers. Nuff said.
I was never able to finish Dark Seed. Even going to sleep in that game was, well, a nightmare.
I still don't get what was scary about the water temple for Luke >.>
Mine was the in first Bioshock and was literally the first splicer you encounter in the game. She was so terrifying to child me who had been lulled to a false sense of peace with the underwater ocean life tour bit that when she appeared, I had to wait around 3-4 YEARS before I ever even stepped out of the deep sea capsule to face her.
Eternal Darkness is mine as well. A friend of mine and I were taking turns playing through it in college. We got to the part with the bathtub where your character is dead in it. Whoever of us was playing at the time whipped the controller at the screen and we both ran out of the room in separate directions.

We didn't play much Eternal Darkness after that.
you guys got 5 minutes into Outlast and stopped?
lol wtf?
you'll never be ready for the rest of it, or Whistleblower
and definitely not the first 3 Silent Hills
Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword where you have to go into the spirit realm to make your sword stronger. The first time I played it it freaked me out and I couldn't play it for like a year.
Imagine PT in VR. How scary would that be
True horror was hearing the footsteps of the flamethrower wielding maniacs in Tomb Raider 2. Child me had to get my dad to do all the oil rig/ship levels because I was petrified of that noise. 

As an adult? Cheats. Cheat the hell out of that level.
You lot are braver than I because I got to the bit with the swinging corpse in outlast, dashboarded and immediately uninstalled the game, never to look back again because I am a coward... or someone with self-preservation instincts..... but mainly a coward.
Original Resi 2 20 minute demo: The Licker corridor.
Batman Arkham asylum, made it killer Crocs lair, only found out how the game ended thanks to lets plays
Sideways head alligator lizard monster boss rolls right off the tongue.  Also, Luke's such a dork haha
Ellen: I identify with Ripley because she takes care of her cat.
Andy: We don't know it's her cat. She probably stole it.
Ellen: That's even more on brand for me.
I didn't quit but

SPOILERS


in Life is Strange, when you are in Mark Jefferson's Dark Room and he is there with you, that conversation made me so uncomfortable I almost quit. Also, the nightmare maze scene.
Eternal Darkness is wonderful!  I'd love a port, even if some of the scares wouldn't translate perfectly.  Only reason I'd be not super into a remake is the voice acting is pretty spot on.
Yes, Andy!  I'm not big on horror but I had to play Eternal Darkness because I enjoy the Cthulhu Mythos.  All the sanity effects creeped me out, especially being a university student, slightly drunk at 2 in the morning the first time I played it.  (Also, Andy, just found out you are 2 days younger than me which makes me very happy.  I'm weird, I like knowing how old people are, especially watching YouTube gamers, cause if they are under 30, I still think they are kids and didn't have the similar gaming milestones as I did, so I connect more with the ones over 30, and especially people in their mid 30's with 40 looming on the horizon.   I'm weird, I know.)
Awesome fun video, and it makes me not want to play too many scary games.
This happens to me with the witcher 3. Every now and then you have this contract related to something being haunted or a specter and whenever I attempt those at night I end up putting down my controller until daytime. I get scared easy and when specters materialize with the screams and the suddenness they do, I know it's time to call it a day.

Also bioshock 1... just.. no.
It's really too bad Eternal Darkness never became a series. That game was fantastic.
I was sure Ellen would talk about RE in VR. I was scared just watching the video!
Loved this video! 💖 Now Ellen must do a Let's Play of Alien: Isolation!!! 😅
How dare you not mention Jonesy by name.
outsideXBOX
 *PLAYS ON PLAYSTATION*
Anyone else stopped playing the first halo game when the flood showed up?
is Hereditary meant to be scary? i found it hilarious.
Mine was the asylum level on thief. Loved the game up till then.
Anything in Midway's "The Suffering"
I'm dying laughing at Ellen 😂😂😂 Gotta make her play with the camera and mic function on 😂😂😂
The second I saw the ZELDA clip, I KNEW it was gonna be Luke's part!
I agreed with Luke until he didnt mention Shadow Link. That room and fight completely freaked me out. The temple was frustrating but not scary.

My legit stop playing now came at 2am on Arkham Knight when Man Bat came out of no where! Still don't know how my scream didn't wake the neighbourhood!
Jane let me love you...aight bye
You made it to the basement in Outlast before quitting? I saw the broken swinging lamp post outside and almost quit, then got to the wheelchair guy at the beginning, and didn't play it for a year. It was a great game when I eventually came back to it though.
I totally had a friend sit next to me for the entirety of Alien: Isolation from chapter 4 onward, there's no shame in that.
The Forest Temple was also pretty scary.
My scariest moment in games, that made me stop, was playing Amnesia: The Dark Descent. I thought it was a good idea to play it at 2am during a lightning storm. Perfectly timed, a lightning strike and thunderclap happened just as you first see the monster.


I instantly help down the off button on my PC, and curled up in my bed and had a little sob.


The best part played it again a few years later... wasn't that bad...
Halo: Combat Evolved the library level - anyone?
TECMO'S DECEPTION.
if you know about this game then points to you. Game creeped me the fleep out when I was a lad
I wish p.t. came back
For me it was the first Resident Evil game. My young mind back then couldn't handle the tense atmosphere and I only lasted about 10 minutes. In fact, I couldn't even look at the CD-ROM case cover.
First time playing Vampire the Masquerade, walking up the the haunted mansion n the lights exploding. 
Later went though that section with the sound off (no sound helps a lot with scary parts in games)
Doki doki Literature Club!
I uninstalled the game after the first death. Still haunts me till this day.
Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem is one of the most under-rated games of all time. No one talks about it enough.
Didn't play Eternal Darkness until I was at university - didn't even know it existed until a mate insisted I play it.  After dark.  With him watching and ready to cower.  Still one of my favourite games, and absolutely in need of a remaster.  I don't want a sequel, though.  Wouldn't work, couldn't happen.
Playing fallout new vegas and entering vault 22 for the first time
My sister and I noped out of King's Quest 8 when the Boogeyman arrived in Ooga Booga Land. "Thanks for inviting me to dinner!"
30 minutes...
Damn you, Eternal Darkness. Damn you and that bloody bathtub jumpscare of yours. No pun intended.
what about Metro: Exodus...those spider sections ruined me. and I actually stopped playing it
The part in RE4 where you come across the Regenerators and the Iron maidens. I didn't first understand that you had to use the thermal, and would blast away at them in a mostly futile manner. My first playthrough was completed by luck.
You talk about Enternal Darkness without mentioning the bathtub scene!

Imagine walking into a bathroom and finding yourself dead in the tub already...
P.t had a very reliable method of completing the final puzzle i still have it and will run through it every 6 months or so usually to show it to someone who never played it.
When I was a child I was afraid of the Children's Room level in The Haunted Mansion PS2 video game, what the level entailed was you stepping into the closet in the Children's Room and watching the end of it stretch out to reveal a dark maze with bones scattered all over the floor, as you walk along the maze you start getting chased by the Grim Reaper and have to run away from him in a maze if he catches you, you die and have to start again. When I was a child this was so scary for me to play I ended up not playing it and using  a cheat code to advance onwards. 

I ended up coming back to the game later in life to replay it and won that time.
For me it was when you first had to walk through the water in Soma. Like going between the buildings outside in the dark. In the deep, compressed ocean water with horrifying creatures. 
Honestly I might have been able to push through if I didn't hate the main character so much.
You guys ever play the fatal frame/ project zero series? I will never step foot into a Japanese mansion given the opportunity solely because of the horrors of those games.
Ugh, totally agreed re: Outlast. That flooded basement is pretty early in the game, as I recall, which means it's at a point where you don't really know the rules yet. I have a terrible sense of direction, too, so that + darkness + didn't know what I was doing = lots of deaths to that patrolling prisoner before I finally managed to bumble my way through that section. I did play through the rest of the game, too, and obviously it gets much worse... D:


My "had to stop playing" moment was in Silent Hill 4, the first time I encountered Cynthia's ghost in the subway. There was a cutscene where she first appeared, during which she veeeeerrrry slooooowwwly crawled through a turnstile to get to Henry. And then the cutscene ended, and I was not prepared for how fast she suddenly LUNGED at me. I was playing in the middle of the day with the sun shining through the windows, and I had to put the game down and go do something else. Fortunately, I didn't stop playing entirely; I think I went back to it a day or two later.
Weird I played Outlast on my own and beat it, such a good game
Super battle droid room in republic commando was just to spoopy for me
Honorable mentions, "Condemned", "Theif" (in the asylum mission), The Last of us, Diablo "on early PC as a child"
And anything anyone else can add or think of
Genuinely feel the wolf thing in tomb raider 😂😂😂
The only game I quit out of fear was Phantasmagoria.  The game is mostly suspense with sudden bursts of stuff happening, and by the time I got to the escape I was so on edge that when I got caught and had the swinging blade slice through my skull I was freaked out enough to stop playing.


In hindsight, the scariest thing about that game was the fact that the game was later banned in my country (Australia) because a bunch of pearl-clutchers thought that the game promoted violence against women.
System Shock 2 needs a redux so much 👍
So happy to see eternal darkness on here
Thief: Deadly Shadows, Shalebridge Cradle level. I must have spent half an hour bracing myself to go through the door into the attic...
this is one of your absolute best :) thanks OX!
As a child, Sonics drowning 5-4-3-2-1 made me shut the console off before it hit 1. Too traumatic!
Eternal Darkness is such a great game. For me though the scariest moment in it was walking in to a bathroom as Alex to find a bathtub full of blood and, upon closer inspection, a very dead Alex. Put the game down for about a year after that.
clive barker's undying
My cousins are twins and one of them was playing outlast 2 at like 2 or 3am and he was really concentrated and into the game (normally it’s pretty hard to scare him). But then his twin brother came in from the next room and tapped him on the shoulder xD
That got even him 😝
I very much agree with Andy, that error message would have scared the... stuffing out of me
I may not play many horror games, but I still think the piano from Super Mario 64 is the most terrifying thing ever.
This is silly. People are going to laugh at me. 


The end of the level of Beautiful Katamari where you have to roll up enough stars and planets to plug up the black hole. Trust me, I did not try to get the stars near it, and you bet I quick turned the moment the "Approaching Black Hole" alert played. I gladly accepted failure, just so I wouldn't have to go near it again. 
I'm so terrified of black holes -- even the CONCEPT of them -- that I could only stand trying that level twice, and actually started shaking. I love everything leading up to it, but I honestly don't know if I'm brave enough to finish it.
Andy has a theory that you should complete Zelda dungeons in one sitting so you don't lose your place. That's really smart, and I do the same thing. ...but I do it with pizzas.
How is it possible that "press B to replace head" never became a meme?
A rogue one maybe - Homeworld Cataclysm, right when your crew gets infected by 'the Beast'. "Cut us loooose!!!"... Chills, even years later
I didnt play F.E.A.R for years after the cut sceen where you get hit in the head with a 4*4
Deadspace 2 where he got the needle in the eye tho!!!
I have had outlast for years. And I can't get it started. I walk around and nothing happens. I look for a door or keys or something to do or go but I can't get the game do anything. Ive even looked up let's plays on YouTube. And still nothing.
I even bought it for friends to see if it's just my copy or its me and even they can't get anywhere in the game.
Dead space anyone? I know i'm not the only one that quit. Even dead space 2 had it's scary parts. The introduction to the stalkers for example.
If ellen needs someone to sit down with her and finish Alien Isolation, Mike should be a good mate for it :D he doesnt seem to be scared of anything ever 
and if he cant id be willing to offer my presence, not saying im good with horror games but still offering it :P
These are my favorite kinds of "List" videos you guys do.
Oh please yes, Ellen play Alien: Isolation
I really enjoy these types videos.  It's fun to hear about your personal experiences with games.  I find myself going, "oh yeah! Me too!" quite a bit.  Also, love how Ellen's response to scary games/parts is just to leave and find a safe space in the game and never leave it =).
Never knew how scary the sound of keys can be until you play White Day a Labyrinth called school
Ok so you get scared by computer graphics moving on the screen?

Americans.
"Don't touch that dial now,  we're just getting started"... .
When master hand grabs your head in Zelda:OoT
Luke, I feel you dude. I could not complete Majora's Mask. I stopped  at the part when you get the zora mask(terrorfiying transformation too btw) and you had to go deep in the sea. Once there you needed to follow signs in order to get to a pit or something. And in the pit where these giant moray eel looking mother tickets. And they screamed/roar when they come out to eat you. At that point I was fucking done!

I hate the sea. I hate going deep in the sea. I hate not being able to fully see in the sea. And I hate things moving in the sea!
Ellen: Played Alien game, didn't even make it to first Alien sighting. <3
In the evil within, I was never really scared, but really tense and nervous cause playing on akumu mode and having to restart fecked with my nerves
this happened to me while i played fallout 3 for the first time , the graphics , background music etc sounded creepy to me
For me strangely enough it was when you first encounter the flood in halo 1. I was a kid, playing at night, alone, during a storm with a brand consistently knocking on somewhere outside the house, and the tension builds...and builds... and then just bang...bang...BOOM little squiddy bros wanting to eat my face and mutant marines trying to cuddle.

Took me a month to get back into it and finish that level.
1.Skyrim's house of horrors
You guys should called your self pro wipe gamers 😑.
Luke, sounds like you need to run through a LoZ Randomizer.  Water temple quite often ends up being non-important.  it's very facinating to watch the code break down tbqh
Bioshock Infinite’s Boy of Silence jump scare moment got me good.  I mashed that pause button so fast and had to go have a lie down for half an hour.
Nemesis anyone??? (RE3)
Ouch the eternal darkness helped my ptsd!
Jane should play the outlast DLC whistle-blower be fun
I'm pretty good with horror games, the only one I haven't finished was Slender: nine pages, not because it didn't scare me, I didn't even get that far, I just got lost and 20 minutes trying to find the way forward because " No no, I just came from there." the moment was gone. HOWEVER

Among the Sleep got me real good. the little twist at the end of the game where all the make believe imaginary monsters and environments get grounded made my heart wrench, and were I not literally 12 steps from the end of the game I would've put it down.

You play from the point of view from this baby, crawling around on all fours, following this teddy bear, trying to find your mum. But you're a baby, with an overactive imagination, so everything around the house gets weird, like there's a xylophone bridge and a big ol' angry ent. You get through the game, past all the monsters, through the new weird environments, where you find out the big bad trying to hurt you was actually your mum, your abusive, alcoholic, aggressive mum. They clued into it throughout the rest of the game, but I didn't clue into it until the very end. There's few things that get me, but that finale made my skin crawl.
I was playing Arizona sunshine (on PSVR) and I had to stop playing once I entered the mine...

I did eventually overcome my fear and finish the game-I’d say it was probably the best PlayStation VR game I’ve ever played (2nd time round)
Idk why but i think they got better in commentary parts. I haven't watched outsidexbox for months now.
alien isolation will simply remain the best horror game >.>
The scariest moment for me in a game was the room full of dolls in Fatal Frame... at least I think it was a room full of dolls but I was too busy covering my eyes and ejecting the disk for it to fully register. Ugh. It makes me shudder just thinking about that game.
I thought Jane was just trying to keep professional with how she said Ellen just arrived lol
Metro last light my first play through the spider bugs were so terrifying i had to stop playing for months
I didn't stop playing but the upper cathedral wolf beasts hanging from the chandelier and the on jumping from the window definitely gave me a huge jump scare
So far, The only game that has scared me is outlast, and I only play horror games
For me it was KOTOR 1 undercity sewers. As a kid, I wanted nothing to do with that
the original alien vs predator game. you had 3 stories. the marine where you were a weak human trying to survive the onlaught of aliens and a predator. the alien which was basically a stealth story. and the very OP predator who left a trail of human and alien pieces everywhere. the predator also had 3 visors. night vision, "human"/heat vision and "alien" vision. the last 2 highlighted members of that race.
So then, I was walking in this corridor with the predator, so far facing little resistance and i had just encountered my first alien.
a few minutes later I was casually strolling through a corridor when I noticed the floortexture moving. curious I went to check out what it was when suddenly "THUD" my whole screen filled with some wiggling spider thing. a screeching sound in my headphones and ... game over.
So turns out facehuggers are a thing? and if you don't kill them and you come close to them they cause instant death.
this was the very first actual jumpscare i experienced in my whole life? and I haven't touched that game ever again after. I was too scared of the facehugger thing happening again
I got to pretty much the same part of Outlast and said "Noooope" 😂
One of your best ones. Also Andy has in the beginning the face of a man who kmows he will get or got his revenge. So better be careful Jane...
5:10 It's always controversial for games to feature a secondary/tertiary movement/combat mechanic that differs wildly (usually inferior) from the primary game mechanic. Some people welcome the variety, some people absolutely hate it. Even the likes of Nier Automata with 9S's hacking mechanic, or Witcher 3 with underwater "combat".
God this video is such a good idea
Where the hell is the Mimi encounter in Super Paper Mario? Talk about trauma.
There are reliable ways to trigger the end of PT. It's been solved for quite a while, now.
i forget exactly which one, i think it was 3. but when i was a lad i played a rayman game and was up to a level where rayman was sliding down some weird slide and all of a sudden these teeth came up on the edges of the screen and i then proceeded to turn off the computer and cry.
in Outlast i hid in a locker and just never came out. Noped right out of that one.
FUN FACT: The Blair Witch Project isn't the first found footage horror movie.  The very first found footage horror movie is Cannibal Holocaust.

(fun may vary)
Oook, I really shouldn't be watching this at 10 o' clock at night.
By OCarina of TIme?! O>o Wow...what a brave type thou art...rolfolmfao. SIlent HIlL still rocks!
When I first played Bioshock I was so anxious I went through the first half of the game at a snail's pace.  It was the scariest walking simulator I had ever played.
Don't know if this has been said before but as I recall there are lockers in the Outlast basement you can hide in; the first time I hid I wasn't seen BUT THE NEXT TIME HE OPENED THE PREVIOUSLY SAFE LOCKER OH GOD WHY
Water Temple made me terrified as a kid, too. Even more than the Shadow Temple or the well, really.
I really enjoyed watching the gang tell stories of their younger gameplaying days. More, please?
It's stupid but the sound affect in the museum of witchcraft in fallout4. When you turn the corner there are  some mannequins and dose a high pitch screech
Luke's fear moment was puss puss...not even those screaming dudes...the damn water temple itself. C'mon bro.
Silent Hill and Resident Evil crossover should happen
My biggest in-game scare has to be meeting the little girl for the first time in Visage. Genuine panic, fear and shouting.
I can relate to Ellen on a metaphysical level.
Oh my gosh I had the exact same thing as Ellen with tomb raider
Amnesia's Prison? Or the bridge?
For me it was the first time I played halo combat evolved when you first discover the flood. That build up of not knowing what happened until the end.
Love the video. This is always my favourite format for a video. Just story time with the OXbox crew.
Young Jane was so scared that her brain reached forward in time for something less scary and found Killer Croc from Arkham Asylum.
What is the screenshot of? Is that Daryl from TWD?
The undead that latch onto your head (and scream horribly) if you get too close in Ocarina of Time (in the Market as adult Link) still give me the willies!
28:15~ish,  "If I was in night vision, I'd be terrifying" . Am  confused after seeing night vision image by her definition of "terrifying".
I had to stop midway through this video.
Pokemon mystery dungeon  Explorers of Darkness when you are being sacrificed/executed by the sableye was so scary as a kid
I would play alien isolation with Ellen
I'm with you on that, Jane! I love horromovies, but also I'm easily scared and get nightmares whenever I see a new one xD
The berserker scene in gears of war?
It would more miss up, if horror game requires you to turn off your lights in your own bedroom or you can’t play it all, that would be very Terrifying.
The first game I stopped playing was Rescue on Fractalus on the C64. I was about 13 or 14, playing in the dark (as you do), sound turned up on the TV (as you do) and I had rescued lots of downed pilots, shot a few aliens spaceships and all was well. Then I landed to rescue one particular pilot, he disappeared beneath the cockpit view and then, a perfectly timed moment later, an alien leaps up and starts smashing its fists on the cockpit glass. I jumped, fell off my chair, and was trying desperately to mash the key that would turn the ship's shields back on an kill the alien all while it's raging and smashing on the screen...

Now, I did go back to it and play it. But not that night. I had the rest of the night off...
The only thing that "scares" me in gaming is playing a game w/out auto saves or checkpoints and forgetting to save before a hard boss and losing hours of progress....
Are there more videos in this kinda story telling format?
All of Shale bridge Cradle. thief deadly shadows 2004
This is like a 'Me to" movement for gamers lol
Andy you look great in a beanie
LoZ: OoT -- The first game I legitimately had to go out and buy a players guide for so I could get past the Water Temple.
No mention to dwad space?
Dark Souls 1. Dark fantasy is all well and good, but the Gaping Dragon was not okay. I did eventually beat it, but i wasn't okay that play session.
Shadelight cavern from Fable 3. First time I played through, I was freaking out the entire time. The voices...the dark. Ugh, such a mindf**k. 

The second time I played through, I stopped when I knew it was coming and had to force myself to continue on.
The Sharptooth in the Land Before Time PC's hedge maze scared me so much when I was a kid. Never beat it.
Solus Project!! Was enjoying the low-key survival mechanics and ominous atmosphere, but in no way did I sign up for a horde of Weeping Angel dolls making creepy noises!!! Saw enough to get the Horror Dolls achievement before tapping out and never going back.
And that Sucks!! Luke Westeway 2019
how is this list complete without playing Doom 3 alone with headphones on at night??? seriously get to it laddies
Xbox channel talking about PS4 and Nintendo games !
The Water Temple? Really? Frustrating, I can get, but frightening? Haven't heard that one very often.
I seriously want to watch Andy play horror games with Geoff from Roosterteeth.  Those reactions would be hilarious
You forgot about when you fall in lava while carrying all your diamonds in minecraft
I should point out the game, Resistance 2. A thing about the game was that it LOVED enemies who could instakill you, it started with the Furies, who would instakill you but at least you had some clue where they were, and they were limited in location as well (even if they were unkillable). What caused me to stop playing was the third mission in the game, where it introduced an enemy that was invisible and could instakill you, it could only be taken out with a shotgun, which would take up one of the two weapon slots in your inventory.


I should note that I get startled really easily and I hate instakills, at that mission, I just quit the game and have never played it again, all as the result of my insurmountable terror at them, it didn't help that their thing was that they ripped people apart with these large claws, which just freaked my squeamish ass the hell out and made me just go "Nope."
PT equals huge disappointment
What about minecraft cave sounds
Back in college, my roommate played horror games (I assisted with the puzzles), but there were a few things he just couldn't handle. One was also in Eternal Darkness, in the scary bathroom hallucination. The other was in Fatal Frame, when you see the well (the Ring had just come out then. In both instances, he just handed me the controller and walked out of the room.
My first real scare was from a Playststion 1 game called D. I remember walking into some place, took a turn, and walked into a a loud ass cutscene of spikes closing in on me and killing me. Returned the game to the rental store right after that.
To this day, I still don't understand what people find so difficult or off-putting about the water temple.  I still feel it's one of the best dungeons in the entire franchise.  Dungeons that are one big spatial puzzle box are the series at its absolute peak.
Regarding the flooded basement... ooh Jane I would have loved some commentary on the doctor that you get to meet a bit after that segment 😣
the only game i stopped playing was outlast cuz it gave me anxiety and stress issues.
I've been clicking on every video you guys have put out lately (and from years ago) but this is the one that finally made me sub.  I really like this style of humanizing your experiences.  Very cool.
I was horrified of game sirens. Played few mins freaked me out quit game never to return. Few hrs later on school bus sleep. We go right by fire station siren goes off. Omg I freaked out.
F.E.A.R.  The Ladder
"Demon Split-Head Lizard Monster" is the name of my new band!
castlevania 64 and the garden labyrinth. the child screaming help me! and those frankensteins with chainsaw arms everywhere made me just quit
For me the second time you meet the metal gear in metal gear 5 i was hidding behind a rock with the profecer or somthin it roared i screamed and turned it off havent touched it since mmmh it just ahh at least it was free
Mine was in resident evil 1, when you had to activate to pictures in order from birth to death.  A super creepy music starts up when you complete it and nothing actually happens but the vibe of things with the music gets really heavy
Mike may know the word "fear" but the feeling he has never endured...
Yeah I get you Ellen! Wife and I still haven't picked Alien Isolation back up.
For me, it was the orginal Resident Evil on the Playstation. First played it when I was in the 1st grade too. Freaked out so much at the now infamous scene where two zombie dogs jump through the windows that I didn't pick up the game again until about a year before high school.
My friend made me play P.T. and I stood up and had to exit the house, so yeah, getting freaked out by the error message is perfectly fine by my standards
The massive quantity of jump scares in F.E.A.R.  I literally dropped my controller in terror multiple times especially when Alma terror crawls at you.
Minecraft cave sounds?
Mike is as tough as a tank when it comes to getting scared of horror games.  Man is unflinching from what I've seen.  Has there ever been a time when a game has scared him?
When I was a little kid, my brother had a PSX, and among his games was Resident Evil 3 and I wanted to play it, so one day thatvmu brother wasn't home I went to his room, put the disc on and started to play it.
Everything was great until that part were this guys locks himself in a truck's cargo unit and you have to convince him of coming out, and when you are finally gonna convince him, he had already go outside and was killed by zombies, so that area wasn't safe any more.
That caught me so out of guard that I got really scared, stopped playing that moment and left for my room.
I had zombie nightmares for weeks after that.
Thief: Deadly Shadows. I played it when I was about 10. I got to the St. Edgar's Church mission and was doing my normal stealth thing. Suddenly in a factory section, there was a zombie in a prison cell. I remember thinking, "All right, as long as he stays in there I'll be fine." Somehow he escaped and started wandering around the church. It was that moment I paused the game, shut it off, and never turned it back on. That was 13 years ago!
I Love The Quiet Book Monster!
What about Dead Space? Plenty of nope moments there!
I had never been good with the "scary" games... I'd only watch my brother play. Not having the controller in my hands does make me feel a lot safer about it. So i was pretty surprised, when I was about 4yo, and i was alone playing the original sonic on the mega drive, and I got easily enough to the underwater level. I knew what i had to do tho, I'd seen my brother play it but, as I struggled with the clunky mechanics underwater, I didn't know about the stress involved when that horrifying loud music starts playing... And gets louder and faster by the second as I try to reach a bubble or the freaking surface struggling with the mechanics until... He just drowned. And i never played Sonic again. Well, not any water involved levels that is
Me: "Oh how strange, Ellen is even worse at scary things than me! I wonder why i can handle some horror?"
Also me: mental illness that can manifest as hallucinations such as children running in circles around me laughing and pulling, the babadook watching me in the doorway and my personal fave demon eyes in the dark
Me: "such a mystery"
They are reusing ideas and scripts. The entries are different, but that intro and this video has been done before by this channel.
My moment was deadspace 1 the 1st necromorph that chases you to the elevator...you have 0 weapons and you cant see behind you how close it is. Super intense..
I was hoping itd be on this list
Sad, no mention of T Rex in TR1 (albeit he comes later). Right after I cleaned my freshly produced shitstain I marveled at that technical wonder (by 8 year old's standards).
honestly the 1st killer croc level in arkham asylum was my moment
When I first played RE 4 I got to the regenerators and as soon as I saw it though the window I just noped the game
The crypt level of Return to Castle Wolfenstein. Nope'd when a skeleton snuck up me. I freaked out and never played the game again. My protagonist is canonically forever stuck in Castle Wolfenstein.
I was watching this in fullscreen then the fetus appered
anyone else want to watch ellen livestream alien isolation now in VR?
Star Wars Republic Commando, Ghost Ship and Kashyyyk.  As a kid, I had to put the game down more than once
9/10 times I get "scared" are because someone suddenly reacted to something they found scary that I didn't find scary in the least.
Dead space vent jump scare, played it again eventually though :p
This feels like more of a therapy session than a video.
Oh my gosh I just realized that this is THE opportunity I waited for to share what made me say no to continuing a game :

Super Princess Peach for the DS has 1 or 2 levels where there is a HUGE Thwomp in the size of the whole topscreen background. It has his eyes closed and you have to look when it opens up its eyes to copy the pose of the - very conviniently placed - Statues in the foreground - otherwise it sucks you up and you start at the start of the screen again.

I just have an immediate paralysis when I see an enemy pop up at least twice or thrice the size of my character! Couldn't play it for 2 weeks or so! But then I tried to be brave and I marched through the level!
I dont play horror games or watch horror movies/shows
But I have got to parts of some somewhat scary games (or games with an odd scary bit) where I jump and just drop the controller (after pausing of course)

I can relate with Ellen's responses in Alien
I played silent Hill over the course of three days during college without benefit of a save card; I just paused between classes and such. Not being able to save made it that much more terrifying. The sense of relief when I saw the credits was palpable.
Now, Why do I want a creepy pasta story iteration by these guys. 
Also, I think this is the most I’ve ever related to Jane ever. I have the exact same love hate relationship with horror. I would watch terrifying movies and play dangerously scary horror games and then I would go back to my room turning all the lights on with soothing music and think- Why did I do this to myself. Why do I always do this to myself. 
I’ve also had that experience where I watched something so terrifying that I had to immediately delete it afterwards from PC.
Watching Andy playing PT, it looked like he was trying to retreat into his hat :-p
Water temple sucked, but scary? Avoid Subnautica then.
You need to play amnesia
Also that first time ignorantly exploring with the seamoth right into reaper territory and subsequently one's grasp in Subnautica.
Dude, a video 30 minutes long by outside xbox!? Now we can’t miss that can we?
Only time a game scared me to the point of shutting it off was fatal frame.  It was the ghostly spectral arms that reach out of the walls at you that did me in.  Unlike other ghosts who are normally bound to the room its in the arm phantom follows you from room to room and even into save room's.  That and its just so sudden a switch from yeah spooky but evadible ghosts to a horrifying spectral presence that literally haunts you wherever you go.  It was when I entered a save room after about 15 minutes of playing a game of cat and mouse with it running throughout the mansion, it suddenly appears in said save room, the spooky music started playing and the save lantern went out and I said "f&!k this I quit"!
For me, Alien Isolation was scariest before the alien showed up, the constant tension that it could show up at any time really freaked me out. After getting killed by it a few times it lost all fear factor for me. The synths never stopped scaring me though.
Took me a year to finish the Halo:CE campaign because of the flood. They still creep me out, really.
Oh wow me and Ellen same
I'd play Ellen: Isolation
Re found footage movies, nobody tell jane about Cannibal Holocaust from 1980. For her sake it's imperative that she carry on believing that the genre began with The Blair Witch.
Press B to replace head 😂😂
How come there is no mention of the Resident Evil 7 demo, the mannequins ! In the Attic! NOPE!
How about some of the Alma scenes from the F.E.A.R. series?
I'm still upset silent hill was stopped by those pricks after seeing the thumbnail
I can relate with the water 
A particular area in the original god of war required you to swim through timed traps with also managing breathing in between. No music tight spaces. Just anxiety in a level

Another one was the dungeon level in persona 4. Terrible level. Ugly music. Gross boss. I just grinded extra in the level before the dungeon just so i could skip it faster
Condemned is one of the scariest games tbh
This video is cool and all but shout out to Jane for always rocking the dope blouses and shirts.
Boys of silence from BioShock Infinite. After about 6 years I still can't come out of the closet and finish the game :(

Aaand the Fade in DAO, it gives me creeps every time. The long level that usually annoys everybody to the point that there're mods to skip it. It actually feels as if it were a very long nightmare. I don't even know what I am afraid of, the enemies are all the same!
I still remember watching Ellen play Resi 7 in VR ... ha ha ha
Resistance 2 invisible monsters scared the living daylights out of me and my cousin no matter how many times we played it
Uncharted: Drakes Fortune. The mutated Nazi zombies in the U-Boat bay. Nope!
I wanna see alien isolation played by Ellen and Andy
Dead space is the only game I ever had to stop playing.  Once you get a decent suit the scare goes away though. I remember being 6 hours into it 2 weeks after buying it and when I finally had a good setup the scare disappeared. Never experienced that from a game before. Amazing job, it made me wonder about the future of gaming.  It was one of a kind, unfortunately.
I'm with Ellen, on the correct way to play Alien: Isolation. Start the game, wander around for 20minutes, stop playing the game forever
Omg, after the first boss in both Clock Tower and Rule of Rose! F that! Never touched them again but saw the playthrough in yt like the wimp I am.
In Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth, I turned the game off when the camera changed from my perspective to a "thing" jumping from roof to roof. Never played it again.
But what about when your tyrannosaurus Rexs escape in JWE that's true fear
The videos where give person experiences are by far the best.
You know what’s awkward? I got my undergrad in Judicial Administration and World History. I’ve been going to Law School at J. Reuben Clarke for two years. I was a paid intern for President Obama and a Data Analyst for PolitiFact. Only now, after 26 years on Earth, have I learned that it was FDR and not Churchill that said the “Fear Itself” quote. And I learned it from Outside Xbox. Brb just gonna change my career path real quick.
Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice. The game is so harrowing and disturbing, I had to take breaks every now and then, but the moment when Senua meets Hela in person… That scene was genuinely frightening. (I didn't quit the game, but I had to take a break to have a lunch, go for a walk, cry a little)
Like who gets scared from some of these games ....like really
oH gOd 😲
The locker room in Silent Hill, the Department store mannequins in Condemned, the Long Armed Man in Fatal Frame.
What about the first time you see the flood in Halo? I may never recover
3:35 repeats " Im heading there now"
My big game spook was when I played the first Amnesia. I'd gotten to the part in the dungeon/kitchen area where the monsters patrol basically every corridor and they'd cornered me in one of the rooms. I had to close the game and didn't go back.
Its a little disappointing that Mike didn't have a story to share 😖
You can never be scared if you never played any of it
That old man butler was the horrifying thing is any game. You could never hide.
When I was younger (round 7 years old) the ghost ship section levels in Republic Commando where you are by yourself really scared me, because I didn't know where the enemies were until they jumped out at me in an ambush
I petition that we have Ellen play the rest of Alien Isolation and show us. With someone sitting with her of course.
How about your first dark souls boss fight
1/2 an hour?
first diablo. at age 9, went into the dungeon and lo and behold, our good friend, the butcher. two hits and i never went back to the game since. even now.
For a long time when I was young, I refused to continue to progress through Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic, because the monsters of the underworld that would turn other people into them. I got dark side points for refusing to help the man that was stuck outside.
Metal gear solid 2 where the game starts glitching and Colonel Campbell starts saying crazy things including "shut off your game console now!" And just completely breaking the fourth wall.
The water temple is not scary
Moria asylum from Theif. The sounds that the make.....ugh I have yet to finish that game.
Played Vampire Bloodlines thinking it would be about sneaking my way around town, doing small missions and playing Camarilla politic games... then they sent me to the Ocean House Hotel... 

I HATE haunted house! The music was already bad enough, and everything exploding was scary enough... but that little girl running through the wall after I heard "He's watching"... Nope, oh hell no! 

Left the game there for a while and finally made it through this part by screaming at everything and cheering myself aloud along the way...
Halo: Combat Evolved. The first time I got swarmed by the Flood. Had to buy new pants after that.
I'm completely there with ellen.  I played fear 3 with a friend, enjoyed it, thought, gee, I should go and see where this series started, and bought fear 1.  I don't do horror.  Like, at all.  I didn't even see the first enemy, but the very first jumpscare, you're entering a building, and you open a door or two, does a few creepy vibe things...then you go to open another door, and it just, falls in on you.  Nothing on the other side, it just falls in. 



I returned it about 10 minutes later.
Scariest game... Life is strange... the anticipation of how things are going to hit the fan gets me. Even just watching other people play gets me every time.
When GTA SA was first released and cheats were like difficult to get, I stopped playing when the missions revolving near Mt. Chilliad came around, that place is Creepy especially with mist and even now if I dont have cheats I prolly wont go there
They're playing horror games in a light flooded room? It's gotta be as dark as possible!!
Now imagine the water duntien with the sonic drowning music, I get frightened just thinking about it.
Does this mean we get to see clips of Ellen playing Alien Isolation in future? 😁
I remember my first time being spooked as a kid was playing Knights of the old republic 2, the atmosphere of the space station filled with killer robots and corpses didn’t help when darth Sion first appeared looking like a walking corpse I said “nope nope nope” and turned the game off! Until I got older of course now it’s one of my favorite game!
No Mia crawling up the stairs in Resident Evil 7? Dear god. No moment ever freaked me out as much as that. My sister was watching me play and we both almost died.
I am kind of envious of you, that you are able to get so immersed into a game, that it really scares you. I am just like: ok, nicely placed scare, but meh
I like it when you guys are less directly prewritten and kinda mess around, do this more please
That damned alarm clock in Dead Space 2...
Has to be the first 15 minutes of Dead Space 1.  Almost stopped but pushed my way through.
I sympathize, Ellen. I made it further. I actually saw the alien, but that was only mere moments before I clicked uninstall. A badass Ripley I am not.
Doom 3. I was maybe 12 and I did what my uncle suggested: played it in a dark room with head phones. It scared the hell out of me my nerves were shot but I fought through until it took me to the bowels of hell and I was just like "nope. I'm done" maybe took me several years to play it again and go all the way through
my moment was in Subnautica when I first encountered the Reaper Leviathan next to the ship. It grabbed my Moth with its tail, then slowly looped around the side and attacked me. I noped the F out of there and uninstalled the game.
Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines. The haunted house got to me so bad that I quit on not one, but two separate occasions. Eventually got past it in my late 20's.
Yall already put it,  but Alien: Isolation... screw that game
My scariest moment was ALSO in Ocarina of Time at like.... 8 years old maybe?? But I booted up an already exsisting file of the game not knowing anything about it and started up smack dab in Castle Town during the second half and cried.  But bless I bucked up because it's the series of my childhood now.
How about in outcast when in the beggining you find the guy in the room on a spike then get dragged out
I got jump scared while playing Ragnarok Odyssey Ace. The reason was because I didn't know about the scorpions that hid inside barrels. I found out the hard way. I cracked open a barrel and was met with a swarm of about 15 scorpions. I legitimately jumped from it.
Alien isolation livestream with Ellen and Andy pls. hihi
Umm... Boys of Silence from Bioshock Infinite anyone?
jfk said that not fdr....
The best part of eternal darkness was when it messed with the fourth wall and turned your game volume down so you frantically look for the remote and when it gave you the blue device disconnected screen so you rush to reconnect it then snapped back to normal.
I just played prey and did the Green Dot thing
Hereditary is a horrifying movie
Ecco the Dolphin! Literally everything about that game terrified me, but the opening scene wherein the cyclone thing hits and empties the sea haunts my memory. I was four!
I deeply enjoy this list format, where you guys have a less scripted(or not scripted) convos about various game topics. Would love to see more :)
Wait, wait, wait! Outside Xbox and Outside Xtra share a universe? What Marvel-like shenanigans are these?!
I'll tell you a scary game...World Of Goo. Nothing more terrifying than seeing your own creation collapse in front of your very eyes. Still get chills...
I didn't stop playing but I wanted to ... Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines.  The haunted hotel.  At one point, you're in the basement and you open the door into the boiler room.  There's a big boiler to your right but there's a gap between the boiler and the door frame and you can see into the room.  There's a man standing there ... with an ax.  He moves like he's going around the boiler and coming to the door so I get my gun out .. and wait.  Nothing happens.  I rush into the room.  It's empty.  I was really close to just going, "Nope!  I'm done!" but I forced myself to keep going.  That part was just kind of the straw that broke the camel's back because that entire hotel area was just the scariest part in any game I've ever played.  It also probably didn't help that it was 3 am and dead quiet in the house.
A game I was always afraid of was Dead Space. Everytime I played it, I got scared and just quit. Still haven't finished it yet.
Yeah, in Eternal Darkness, the thing that made me stop was when I was running down a corridor and all of the statue heads turned and looked at me. I nope'd out of the rest of that game.
Ellen: I'm right there with you, girl. Isolation was #%^+\;///&%#|ed up!
28:18 What I imagined Jane would say/be doing in the dark  "What I'm just sharpening my favorite chiefs knife in the dark?" 'Hums contently while honing the blade'
Idk why but the end screen for Banjo-Kazooie gave me nightmares when i was little and i quit the game.
I had to stop watching this video. Sorry guys, love ya, but my heart just can't take it ❤
Same thing happened to me in ocarina of time, but it was the zombie temple. I took a break of it then lost my place, restarted, and never finished it until 7 years later. LOL😅
This one will sound silly but, in the original spyro, I could not get past the level with the spiders. They were fast and pixelated and just really gave me the creeps.
I have never finished corpse party, my game save will forever be in limbo
Took my older bro, younger bro and I about 2 hours to complete the damn water temple because it took 3 minds to remember all the water levels and areas we all had to go back to.
1. Trauma team for wii with tsubaki and the mission where you had to use the endoscope to get through the wreckage of a crashed bus. The music and the people moaning and eeeugh creeped my small self out so much i muted it and gave the controller to my sister
2. Im bad at any kind of fighting in games but the room with all the dang clickers in the last of us where you pretty much couldn't fight was terrifying and i died so much
Im surprised ellen didnt say dead space 2. For those that havent there is a video on her channel of her playing the first level. Its hilarious to watch her freak out.
Getting caught outside of Hyrule when night falls in Ocarina of Time. The skeletons when you go off the path, the music, how long it takes for daybreak to come. I wasn't quite 7 years old at when I first played that game and the first time one of those skeletons rose from the ground to attack me I freaked out, dropped the controller, and just ran from my brother's room (I didn't even pause or turn off the N64 BUT I do clearly remember slamming his bedroom door shut). I didn't play Ocarina of Time again until I was in highschool so I must've been around 13 years old by then — a solid 6 years later. 
However, to this day, not only is my favourite game still Ocarina of Time but it is also the only game I've ever finished 100% on my own. Every other game I've played I'ved either used a walkthrough, had to google what to do next, got stuck on a boss I couldn't defeat, or just got bored and never finished.
Luke you pansy the water temple was fine. Now the forest temple on the other hand...


Course now I can play ocarina of time normally but when I was a kid, yeah no thank you forest temple I’m out.
I don't think I've ever stopped playing a game because got too scary, but Bioshock definitely made me more hesitant than I normally am in games. This was even more true for Bioshock Infinite when I went from the nice looking environment of Columbia to the creepy house of the crow cult; that definitely made me go "nope," before I kept going anyway because there was no way I wasn't going to keep playing this game
I swear if the Theif reboot isn't on here then you guys are nuts.
Don’t forget the bathroom part of Eternal Darkness(I think?) where you find yourself dead in the tub
For me it was the Rakghouls in Knights of the Old Republic. I legit had nightmares about those freaky things when I was younger. Didn't put the game down - but I did lose sleep.
The hug mug is adorable, but I dont have money
For some reason what freaked me out from Tomb Raider was that damn butler. It unnerved me how he just followed you everywhere.
The part where the character completely falls apart in the Dark Descent is the part that scared me. I couldn't play the game again for months.
That was Bloodborne for me. It was all good until my insanity got high enough to see giant tentacle faced monsters on every other roof top. It was supposed to be good that you could now avoid their range easier... But I was much happier dodging invisible hands.
Playing Isolation is one of my favorite things! I'm doing it right now!
The bear in Condemned 2 literally made me scream and run out the room
A lot of people will probably mention Ravenholm from Half Life 2, but I very distinctly remember playing Half Life 1 at night with the lights off, walking down a dimly lit corridor, and suddenly hearing a vortigaunt "talking". I was so unnerved that I had to turn my computer off immediately and come back to that section during the day.
I still cant finish re7
get a second mic if youre going to have people ask questions from offset.
I can't believe they didn't include thief chapter 5 with all the creepy details and freaks thier was so scary i had to stop playing for a week
I love that Mike isn't in this. No not because I dislike Mike, he is awesome. It just adds to his legend of being immune to terror.
The first game I remember saying "NOPE!" to out of fear was House of the Dead 2 for Dreamcast and it was the part with the Dogs running out from the vents in walls. I was 6. Yeah, no.
Spider queen ghost on the ghost ship in Okami.
(Context: One of the speakers on the TV was broken, so  I was not at all used to directional sound in games.)
I was playing the ghost ship, which already had me unsettled, things like the enmies moving and STILL BEING ABLE TO ATTACK YOU IN THE CELESTIAL BRUSH SCREEN.
I was at the part where you have to run though the hallway with spikes. I heard a noise behind me, and the spider queen appeared, MOVED THOUGH MY CHARACTER  AND HUNG OUT ON MY SCREEN INVULNERABLE AND SCREAMING!
I freaked the hell out because THE SOUND WAS COMING FROM BEHIND ME, I SWEAR!
I atacully looked behind me in real life I was so scared!
I found a save mirror and logged out as quickly as I could! 

(went back to the game the next morning :P)
You guys are wimps!  ;-) What, no DEAD SPACE games???????
In LOZ: OOT the water temple wasn't that hard it was pretty fun and easy and it took me about an hour but it was alright. The part that annoyed me the most is the place where the rooms spin and the path changes before the boss fight with the paintings...
I really felt that they should’ve added a dead space clip lol
The Temple of Darkness in Tales of Symphonia had me hand the controller to my older sister who was playing with me. She continued going through the game for me while I helped in battles. That dungeon still scares me now even though it really isn't that bad. It's just the memory of how much it frightened me the first time around.
Zombies ate my Neighbours for SNES...the mall level with the dolls that would jump out of their boxes. I tried multiple times and I just couldn't handle it. Their laugh was the worst.
The old Predator: Concrete Jungle game. One of the last levels puts you on a maze filled with xenomorphs and several switches. But they are behind locked gates that are opened with a mechanic barely used in game. I ran around that maze for hours fighting off aliens only to seemingly be blocked from every entry I found. It was a bad hunt.
It saddens me to hear someone throwing shade at the wonderfully enchanting BG music of the water temple in Zelda 64.  I suppose if the dungeon stumped you so bad the music would feel like some audible CIA experiment involving being waterboarded over and over again after dozens of hours of drowning, respawning and drowning again.
Video suggestion: 7 games  that made you stopped playing due to motion sickness.
why did it take me about a 2 years to realize "Outside Xbox" is a play on Microsofts info program "Inside Xbox"
Every time I hear anyone talk about PT I get enraged.    Such a promising game and it was cancelled
The scariest part is that they fired Kojima and canceled PT
Personally I found the well in Kakariko Village and the Shadow Temple to be the scariest, it didnt stop me from playing tough.
There is a children's book, Ellen, called 'Jonesy, nine lives on the Nostromo' which tells the story of Alien from Jonesy the cat's perspective, well worth a read
Hell, I was scared to death of Big Boo's Haunt level of Mario 64 to the point where i never got the stars on that level. I had to wait to my late teenage years before I tried again...
That shambler in the latest call of Cthulhu. That thing gave me heart attacks.
you really need to talk louder i can barely hear this on my phone?
The dungeon area in amnesia the dark descent is still by far the scariest part of a game I've played
I was once playing farpoint a spider jumped at me and I literally screamed and stopped playing for a hour
My thing is jump scares, i just can't handle them, like at all
The scariest game that I still haven't played is Resident Evil seven. The point in the game that scared me the most was in the beginning of the game when I was walking down a hallway and the father came crashing out of the wall. I haven't played the game since.
Don't worry. My tiny little 27 year-old mind (at the time) remembered the split head lizard boss as a skinned alligator too.
The water temple? FFS are you kidding me? What about "Under the Well" and the "Dead Hand" monster?
Any plans for a 'time for work boys' travel mug? I run a kitchen and can't have anything without a lid. Unless it's over boiling!
Condemned: Criminal Origins. Whole game was scary but the last level... :'(
I really wish I would have played Eternal Darkness. It seems like it was a pretty solid game.
the Phantom from Kingdom Hearts, or atleast when I first fought it when I was around 10-11 years old, I had no idea how to fight it and when I saw it legit kill Peter Pan and Donald, I immediately noped out once the game over screen popped up, would that count for this?
Mine was the very first time we encounter a zombie in the first Resident Evil. Just the slow, casual way he turns and looks at you as you can hear him eating and chewing...
Since Vampire; the Masquerade - Bloodlines shows up so frequently in their videos, I expected the hotel.
No mention of Ellen's experience with RE7 VR?
Water level in mario 64? Could not do that shit. Never picked it up again lol
I can't even play scary games. I get too into them, but paradoxically I think I'd actually do better in real life. I think it has to do with essentially being partially blinded and deafened, the way enemies don't usually make even a whisper of sound and the screen puts blinders on you. The funny thing is, I actually started my long running practice of watching playthroughs of highly-rated scary games with Zelda: Ocarina of Time. The scary temples were just too scary for me as a kid.
The only time I put a game down due to being scared was Eternal Darkness: Sanity’s Requiem. The part near the beginning when you walk into the bathroom and are confronted with a vision of your character dead in the tub freaked me out so bad I put down the game and didn’t pick it back up for about another month. One of my favorite games of all time.
ive never stopped playing a game out of fear but a horror game i did stop playing for years was alone in the dark the new nightmare ps1 i was like 6 and couldn't figure out the now rudimentary puzzles years later i played it and finished it in like 5 hours good game tho
The way to make horror not scary is to deliberately try to do the things that let the things that want to kill you be able to kill you, make jokes when a jumpscare happens etc.
Example:
You're playing a game and a spooky ghost appears you say something funny like you're having a conversation, you act as if the thing trying to kill you is your friend, neighbor or family. 
Kinda like that
Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines. Ocean House Hotel. Mother***** Ocean House Hotel. Took me three attempts to get through the damn thing, and not because it was hard to figure out what to do.
please no more emoji in titles
I've had nightmares like Luke's experience with the water level but with darkness not water. Just oppressing and unnerving, and it feels like I'm there for years.
Keep in mind... We were kids when this happened.

My cousin was playing the Japanese set clock tower.(The one with double personality) There was five of us in the room and he was reach the doll boss fight and the moment it started to float and attack, we all abandoned the player and ran out the room. 

The cousin playing the game was crying not wanting to leave the game since it's been a while since they saved.

Did I mention it was in the middle of a sunny day? Yeah... We all cried.
omg I love her.
That baby in the sink is upsetting
The water temple? Lol
The death animations in dead space were the thing repeatedly stabs you after it's killed you made me put the game away for a couple of months.
Dead Space 2 the daycare took me out for like a week...still haven't finished the whole thing smh
As soon as I heard "glass breaking", I thought of Stone Cold Steve Austin. Andy and Mike get it.
I was playing Resident Evil / Biohazard VR and once those 'Mold Monsters' crowded me in the basement I had to stop. 
Or rather, I switched from VR to TV (I wish more games would let you do that) because in VR these things were just huge and menacing and I felt very claustrophobic crammed into that morgue/incinerator room.
In Resident Evil 4 when you fight the blind zombie with massive blades on his hands.... that’s when I stopped. I couldn’t see him and he crashed into one of the bells behind me and I screamed. I still haven’t come back to it 😂😅
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. the shadow of Chernobyl the F!@#$ thin in the infirmary gets me every fricking time, i'll be like ok this is the infirmary that jump scare is coming... ok maybe not... I'm sure it was in here maybe this is another... Rahhh!!! just call the landlord about the dent in the ceiling and the stain on the carpet
Everyone who can should go play Eternal Darkness :O
Street Fighter 2, the Stage end theme after you beat down Vega & the eel from Mario 64. Those two things kind of threw you off as a kid.
EDIT: & Sigma's final form in MMX when his head floats into a mech bodysuit. X series tend to be darker than other MM titles.
The way Andy describes the some things in Eternal Darkness is so right, like seeing someone hanging from the rafters is nothing compared to some of the other things in that game =/ lol
For me it was Vault 106 in Fallout 3. Made it to the second or third time that the hallucinogenic drugs kick in and turn the screen all blue before I just noped on out of there and put the game down for a bit. Eventually came back to the game, but it was quite a while before I finished exploring that vault. The change was always so sudden that jumping was involuntary, as well, which REALLY did not helpatters by introducing adrenaline to the equation
.... This is like, the third video in a month where Luke talks about how stressful and overwhelming a game was... does somebody like, wanna go check on him? Make sure he's okay?
You gotta try, Among the Sleep. horror in the perspective of a 2yr old, so it's much worse! I could only get to a library where i got grabbed and screamed at thinking my soul got devoured. Legit could not go without lights (or nightmares) for two weeks straight! still havn't gone back
At a young age I rented a game from the video store ( remember those days?) and someone had mistakenly put Resident Evil in the wrong box. I very clumsily played up until you encounter the first zombie. And that was just a whole lot of NOPE
Can completely relate to Tomb Raider. The exact same thing happened to me.

I was 7 when I got my first Playstation & Tomb Raider was one of the very first games I got. My mum didn't realise it wasn't age appropriate! The bats scared me & also the wolves. Can't honestly remember if I switched it off at the wolves or the bear but I was DONE after that!
Picked it up years later & I remember using cheats to level skip all the way to the end. That monster scared the shit out of me! Genuinely a tough game & I did try to play it legit with a guide but have never finished it to this day. Got the rest of the Playstation sequels that I've also not finished either :(
Eternal Darkness was the first horror game my sisters and I ever picked up. We didn’t think much of it as the game kept going. It’s only when the volume started going down on its own, we though the TV was possessed. We shut everything and never touched it again.
My moment where I stopped playing a game was for Parasite Eve 2. I’m not a huge fan of jump scares or even horror games in general. The first one is a favorite rpg of mine and the second was so totally different and actually my first official survival horror. That coupled with the wonky controls, and jump scares just built up to the point where I had to battle cloaking enemies that ambush you and I just said nah I’m done
That cute little white snake we met in sekiro.
my first time playing deadspace1 i made it to a room with some weird big lightning thing that you gotta move with the force and as soon as i got jumped while moving it i dropped the controller and turned the system off only to return after beating deadspace 2 much much later and being somewhat desensitized to scary shit
On Luke's, it's funny, I never found the Water temple particularly scary or difficult. Tedious, for sure, and it's not exactly the highlight of my playthroughs, but for me the shadow temple was way worse. I think I was really quite young when I played it the first time, and I didn't have a lot of exposure to horror tropes, and it was just awful for me. The bit when I quit was when you are on the boat near the end fighting stalfos, and it suddenly sinks, plunging you to your death. I wasn't quick enough the first time I played it, and the moment shook me so much that I stopped, and had the indignity of having to watch my younger sister beat the end for me!
The entirety of Dead Space
The part in Dead Space where you turn the corner and see the head-banging survivor at the bottom of the hallway... it really freaked me out when the game first came out, and it took me a few years to pick the game back up after that
Call of Cthulhu - Dark Corners of the Earth was one of the first genuine scary games I played. The early parts of the game had some awesome scares, the murdered girl popping up everywhere, the POV shots of someone lurking above you... shit
My first name is an anagram of fear!!!
Here's me not cheating: slenderman, with my shortest playtime ever: 10 seconds, and a full week of nightmares...
Original Resident Evil 2 and THAT hallway in the police station. Don't know how many times I walked down the hall with nothing happening, but that one time I decided to run down the hall. There were four of us watching and all four of us did Andy level shrieks :)
I stopped at the same spot in outlast 😂 I got outlast 2 and the fact it isn’t a flooded basement makes it playable for me
Silent hill 2: that cutscene where you are in a closet and pyramid head drags in the mannequin and does god knows what with it. It was at that moment I realized I was way in over my innocent child head
Why am I watching this alone, outside, in the dark?
Fifa 17 when my dad scored a goal on me
Not to potentially bring more trauma to the table or anything.
But can I just mention the ocean house in Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodlines. 
I mean, do I even need to say more?
I am gonna mention Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice. The constant voices in your head really wear you down and by the time you’re fighting stuff inside Hela’s castle, my hands were shaking. I was hearing voices in real life...
I got terrified of a Roblox Slenderman game
Minecraft is the scariest game
Please do a commenter edition and please include my experience with Silent Hill: Shattered Memories for the WII. My cousin brought it over to my house to play and didn't tell me a little girl would talk to me through the WIImote. I chucked the WIImote and refused to continue the game. I still haven't finished it 6 years later.
How have we not had a video on Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines 2 yet? I thought you all would be non-stop talking about it since the announcement
resident evil 4 scared me so much i stopped playing at a certain part of it
There's a Indie game called Darkwood, the days are very spooky and atmospheric, the nights are just the worst
Resident Evil 4. Chainsaw guy. NOpe on a rope.
Hello, oxboxtra. A few Show of the Week videos ago, Andy mentioned that he believed P.T. was the scariest games he'd ever played. I was the one who, in the comments, dared Andy to play Bendy and the Ink Machine, not knowing he'd already played it. I am sorry. When I read the reply on my comment from you, oxboxtra, that "it wasn't that scary, tbh", I thought you meant it wasn't scary at all. I just want to clarify, when you said that Bendy "wasn't that scary", did you mean Bendy wasn't as scary as P.T.?
Ellen, the scariest part of Alien Isolation wasn’t even the alien. It was the androids that emotionlessly stalk and murder you!
I'd like to correct jane, found footage movies actually started with a cute little film you probably haven't heard of called "cannibal holocaust", you guys should look it up, it's really a lovely time.
One of my terrified childhood memories: playing the original “It came from the desert” on the Amiga in the early 90s, when I was 10 or so. The setting, the super ominous music, the encounters with the giant ants and the top-down escape sequences... that game got me good back then.
It's almost October, let's get spooky!
I can't remember the last time in was actually scared playing a game I'm the same with films. Maybe you just get use to seeing simular things and knowing something will happen.
When i was 4, the first skeleton in Prince of Persia 1991 made me quit the game until i beat the game when i was 19
Dead space 2
The butler that followed you around in Tomb Raider. Because he was always there, following you, I had nightmares of him following me around. So I stopped playing...
My first game for the Xbox 360 was Arkham asylum and I was about 9. I had to stop at the part where the actual crazy people got out.
Just realized that I live near where Outlast takes place. The opening even mentions my home town, Silverthorne, and that's unsettling.
My friend i restarted my save on gta 5 when i somhow got stranded in the middle of the sea and saw a shark (never agien)
I don’t remember if it was bio shock 1 or 2 but drill arm through the chest. Nope nope nope. Controller down. Under blanket. Nope nope nope
The dogs jumping through the windows in Resident Evil
Metro: Last Light on that part of that tunnel (ya'll know which part)
Where you can see like the souls of the damned that are trapped in there, and you can't even see them if you aim straight at them. Only if you're looking away can you see those pitch black and scary shadows.
I was able to play through that.
But then the level where there's a whole city full of those shadows just made me quit the game hahaha.
Didn't Tomb Raider have a T-rex that appears out of the shadows? I remember that scaring the shit out of me.
I see none of you have tried Case: Animatronics yet. I played the tutorial and got scared as f, then when the real game started I went out of my office and alongst the walls. I got stuck in a corner, as my hands had frozen to the point where I couldn't move them. I cried for a bit and turned off the game. Never to pick it up again
Should have included dying to a boss with a pixel of health left
I'm 31 and recently threw in Tomb Raider after having forgotten all memory of it from my childhood. I got further than Elena. I got two minutes further - to the first Bear - and then quit. 


Fucking game is still scary. I deal with "Sanity Effects" every day of my life. Bears? No sir or ma'am! No, thank you!
Press B to replace head.
Happend to me with Dying light. Quit the game for a year in the Old tunnels section because of the amount of volitiles.
Ravenholm for sure. I used to play Half-Life when I was far too young and would get to Ravenholm, then stop and restart the game. Also Condemned: Criminal Origins when you find Mr Tibbits in the locker and you have to take a close up photo of his face and that's the point at which he decides to be alive. Rude.
I got really freaked out when I first heard the chainsaw rev up in Resident Evil 4, however, I never quit the game out of fear. I had to go to work with my dad and wasn’t near a save point, so I paused it for hours and finally came back after and managed to finish it.

I was very close to quitting Condemned: Criminal Origins in the subway level, though. The game up to that point was already pretty scary, but the subway level had this weird effect on me. There was little light to begin with, but this level had such an oppressive darkness to it that it froze me a bit. It was also very labyrinthine with tight corridors and stairwells leading into wide open tunnels and room full of trains and machinery. The old, rusty, dilapidated environments gave off a Silent Hill feeling too. Still, despite how terrified I was, I managed to press on and finish the level. That was probably the scariest game I’ve ever played, I highly recommend it, though.

Also, in Shadow of the Colossus, any colossus in water immediately gives me pause. Just something about the water gives me the creeps. I understand where Luke is coming from about the water temple, though.
Easy: slenderman. Also, could you please play Yomawari?
Well Ellen made it further than me. I had to cancel the games download out of fear for what I was getting into
I thought amnisia as soon as I saw the title of this video. That was creepy or do I remember it wrong?
I dont know why, but in Metroid Prime 3: Corruption, there are two levels that scared the living shit out of me and were overall creepy. The first one is a Lab all cut up from all the floating structures in the planet Elysia or Elysium I dont remember correctly, were you need a certain piece to go to the final boss and taking that piece or battery, cuts the electricity and lets out a bunch of Metroids and the place is crawling with them,  and since they can go intangible, they can come from the walls, ceiling, under the floor so you needed it to be on your edge at all times and the music also changes when that happens, so more creepyness to it.

The other one is the Spaceship Valhalla, all fucked up because of an attack from the space pirates and is left floating in a very far galaxy, all creepy and shit and theres bodies everywhere, new types of monsters, there are muds of phazon that move like insects and stick to walls and can come from everywhere, and you guessed it, the fucking music makes it worse. Played that game like 6 to 7 times but only went to Valhalla like 2 to 3 times in all of my playthroughs, fuck that place.
When I was pretty young, there was a game that came out in the box of Chex cereal. I remember that game scared me so much my parents had to move my computer out of my room. I was scared of it, and by extension my computer, until a few years later when I saw my dad playing it. When I asked him what he was doing, he said he was trying to figure out why I was so scared of it.

That's right. I was scared of a game called Chex Quest.
Peter Jackson’s King Kong; the bats, the goddamn bats! Their faces terrified me as a little kid, didn’t help that they flew straight at your face. Their screeches were nightmarish to me and I jumped every time they attacked me. Eventually did went back and finished it, but those bats still get me. 😟
pretty lame games to get scared of except silent hill. should play horror games more like silent hill 3
The Nursery in Zombi U
Thing that made me stop playing a game for a while was the zombies in VtMB's Plaguebearer quest. There's a point in one of the buildings where they don't stop coming (which I didn't know), they make horrible noises and the sound put me off so much that I quit and didn't go back to it for months.
This is a bad idea
Jumpscares like Manbat in Arkham Knight or the Promethean in Halo 4
While I never stopped playing it, for me; it was the dead money dlc from fallout nv. Between the deadly red mist, ghost people, invinsible and lethal holograms, and speakers that'll blow your head off thanks to an explosive collar around your neck -- my heart rate jumped a lot.
Any time a spider appears in Skyrim. 
I don't even need to explain myself!
P.T. !?!?!

More like PTSD !!!
MGS 2 when the codec started to glitch out. I seriously unplugged my ps2 & didn't come back to the game for months I was so freaked out I also restarted the entire game when I did play it again not realizing how close to the end I was.
You guys mentioned the water temple in OOT but not that terrifying thing at the bottom of the well???
Halo: Combat Evolved. The moments leading up to discovering the flood was one of the most intense memories of my childhood. I don’t think I picked up the game for about a month after those few moments when they break through the doors.
I never got past the wolves either Ellen. My game was glitched and I couldn't do anything
I was playing an emulated version of the original Clocktower one time. My brother was downstairs watching a baseball game on TV while I was doing this. As I'm all creeped out and on edge, he suddenly screamed out(guess someone scored) and it scared the crap out of me, even though nothing happened in the game itself. Plenty to get scared about in Clocktower though(I'm talking to you, mirror reflection that reached out and strangled me one time).
Is Jane stoned???
Man Bioshock... I played it before I really could stomach horror. The dentist. The pram with the lights going out.. Fort Frolic  - statues... Oh and the one nearer to the end where all the dead guys get up again. Yeeep.

Also when I was younger, Black and White! The psychological impact of just repeatedly hearing a whisper of 'death' whenever one of your citizens dies - especially when you get a large population... Drove me a little mad as a kid.
I quit playing Amnesia the Dark Descent when in that area with the invisible thing in the water. I managed to run to the door and closed it thinking "AHA! Stuff in games hardly ever have the ability to open doors!" then 1second after that though the door EXPLODES and I mashed Esc and closed it out.
I really don't play horror games. So the only story I can think of is Mario 64. Mind you I was REALLY little at the time. But we had the guide book and the guide book really built up Nessie as a "sea monster". I've always been terrified of things in the water that I can't see. Just always. My brother and I got so scared from the game guide and atmosphere that we never went into Nessie's space. For YEARS. When we finally got brave and went in there we were so relieved that she wasn't this creepy lurking monster. Just another type of Mario platform.

We also had to mute the game and play "North To Alaska" on repeat to get through the Fire Temple of OOT. That music was just so creepy.
yay more weaknesses
The PS1 demo with the t rex on it was the worst
I would sit and play Alien Isolation with Ellen for hours! Shes awesome.
The only game I've ever played that has properly scared me was Harry Potter and The Prisoner of Azkaban (I don't play much horror, but weirdly like to watch others play the genre). It was the part with the Boggart that you needed to avoid (in its Dementor form) and to get the Patronus spell. It somehow had managed to disappear off screen, sneak behind me and then do the weird soul absorbing thing, jump scaring me and forcing my body to go into an involuntary cold sweat. I did however, press on and complete the game.
Resident Evil Directors Cut, Guardhouse. There’s a pretty door at the end of the hallway and I thought it must be a save room. It was filled with giant spiders, I didn’t know the game had those. They killed me, I turned it off.
i don't remember the exact point but when i was little medievil 2 scared the crap out of me, i think it was the freak show level that did it
Times when I stopped us when I was cornered by slender or something
once I was playing Spyro and his eyes on the life menu turned white
I’m with Ellen on that Alien dark room, strong pass.
The spider town in skyrim
What about the scariest character you met/encountered? For me it was when I first Lt Joseph Anders in the Antarctica facility, in the game No One Lives Forever 2, and scared the living daylights out of me, a character that doesn't go down no matter how many bullets you send into him.
The Fear series had trained me to freak out a little with radio static and flickering bulbs.
The Water Temple? When I saw OoT on the list, I assumed it would be the Shadow Temple. That dungeon literally made me stop playing for years. I even replayed it from the beginning later and stopped again, lol.
I've never really stopped playing because something was too scary, but I did take a break from Silent Hill when Lisa died. Still one of the hardest gaming moments for me.
Mine was encountering a shiny Pokemon when I was 8. I didn't know shinies existed, what I did know existed where errors caused by the Gameshark and other cheating devices. I ran into a shiny Aron and since I had used a gameshark once in the past, I thought it was an error in my game and the Aron with red eyes looked terrifying to me back then.


Needless to say I shut down my gameboy because I ran into a 1/~13k encounter.
I feel bad but during Vampire Masquerade Bloodlines I had to stop playing when I entered the haunted hotel, I was convinced that me being a bad ass vampire was the scariest thing.. but I was wrong
No outlast?
Ellen, I will sit with you for alien isolation.
PSVR. Until Dawn Rush of Blood. I'm starting the game and I'm on this rollercoaster where I'm being led through the tutorial and I'm ready. I don't like horror in general but I'm ready. Anyway I get to the FIRST monster who jumps out at me in 3D and that's it. I'm screaming, "No. Nope. No no no." I took the headset off and ejected the game. Never went back lol.
Haven't watched the video so I don't know if its in there, but in Resident Evil 4 it was the scenes with the Regenerators, especially the corridor in the hospital areas, real spooky stuff.
I played Outlast with my brother and sister. Never would have gotten out of the first hiding place I found if I didn't have them along.
Did anybody else think Jane was missing an arm or am I just crazy
Haven't seen Hereditary but I did try to watch Terrifier on Netflix. Noped out of that about a third of the way through. After reading the wiki i won't be watching the rest of that movie or franchise when it inevitably becomes one.
Halo CE when it first released, it was my first Xbox Game, with my first Xbox aswell. I was like 6 ish years old. 
Everything was going great, until I got to the level 343 Guilty Spark.
Then everything went downhill pretty fast.
I was probably stuck in The Library for 2 months without being able to complete it.
...How in the f**k is the Water Temple scary? Mystical, confusing to navigate, thought-provoking, maybe, but it doesn't hold a candle to unsettling things like the ReDeads or Dead Hand.
If you said you didn't like The Great Deku Tree because you have Arachnophobia, I can understand why you personally feel uncomfortable, but really now.
I remember been so scared playing Hellblade, you know, "Trust your sense", that part of the game was so unexpected for me O.O
The hospital in silent hill for PSP scared the shit out of me, and I stopped playing for months. The nurses and atmosphere was just too constant survival horror at bgg he time. Later I finished it tho, and loved it!
they made a game of The Thing, i think on Playstation 2, and my older brother forced me to sit with him while he played it cause it freaked him out so much
The og xbox, my first surround setup and I've just bought TES Morrowind based on the pretty trailer, open world and fantastic water effects...
Now apart from the Dunmer (dark elves) looking like low res vampires and haunting my dreams. It was the background noises when entering an ancestral tomb, full of the promise of unseen ghosts, undead and my impending death that used my surround sound to it's best and meant I wasn't able to play games alone for months!
For me it was Erie, when the monster smashes the control room window... either that or the moment I installed that shit at all
You forgot that part on thief where you first encounter those scary zombie things in a dark room. I literally quit the game and never came back to it because of that. Hence why i dont remember the exact part.
I remember playing Project Zero, AKA Fatal Frame as a kid... Long story short, I stopped at several points throughout the game, but I've never to this day gotten past the point where you fight the ghost by the water and the water wheel, where you go through a bamboo garden (?) into a small shrine there...
Basically everytime I play Layers of Fear
Her talking about Tomb raider. I have no arguments. The gameplay is abyssmal and its hard to turn around when being attacked from behind. Yeah they do come out of nowhere. I almost beat The third one. never played the first two.
I've played PT 8 times. 3 hour long sessions. I live streamed it only once for again 3 hours. People were giving me tips on how they beat it, they searched online for other methods... none of them worked. After 3 hours I ended the stream in exasperation. Wouldn't you know it... I ended up finishing the game in less than 10 minutes, no idea how it finally happened but it did. I can't believe I ended the stream and then I beat it. I truly do live in Silent Hill. I've never let any of the playthrough videos end so I saw the ending with virgin eyes and it was glorious.
Great video guys.
I liked the fact that while Andy was taking, the scenes that was showed were him wearing his safety beanie.
I almost stoped playing metal gear solid 5 when those dead zombie guys that chase you in the begining
Try playing Fatal Frame series
Wasn't  during  my  childhood,  but  I  played  Metro  2033,  and  I  got  to  the  first  surface  level,  which  you'd  think  would  be  less  scary  than  the  underground  but  huge  freaking  bat  monsters  fix  that  real  quick.  I  remember  they  let  out  a  terrifying  scream  before  diving  on  you,  so  I  was  sneaking  around  and  my  dad  yelled  from  the  other  room  that  dinner  was  ready  while  I'm  tensed  to  run  in  a  panic  at  any  sound.  I've  never  thrown  a  controller,  but  I  came  very  close  to  it  that  time.  Never  picked  the  game  back  up  after  that.
The child's room in Layers of Fear... Now I see kids in scary movies and I'm more scared of the toy their holding 😂😅😢😭
@4:54, If i was going to prank someone, I would have gotten under the couch and waited down there for a really really long time. I would have had one of my friends in the house as well, unbeknownst to you. I would have had my friend flip the power breaker and I would immediately grabbed your ankles and screamed my ass off.
One word: ReDeads. The movement, the scream, the unsettling appearance; child me never got past the ReDeads 😱
I didn't get very far in P.T. because I just got stuck and just couldn't figure out how to progress for an hour with no clues but honestly that's okay. I've never really liked the Silent Hill games, I found their horror elements silly.
My best friend in 9th grade had Resident Evil 2 for the PS1 and decided to pull a fast one on me. 

She gave my the control and acted as if she had to pee and I had never played a RE game, nor a PS1 at the time. She watched as I walked down the hallway in the basement and crapped my pants, as a giant alligator popped out and just straight up ate me. I didn't touch that game until years later because of her.
In tomb raider 1 or 2 I can’t remember there’s the part before you get the harpoon gun where you need to outswim a shark. That part is hella scary!
I was fighting a Cacodeamon on Doom 2016 with the super shotgun and I got a little bit to close then suddenly I'm looking down at a gaping hole where the front of my torso used to be and that my friends is what nightmares are made of. My greatest fear is looking down and seeing half of my body just gone and that moment scared me off Doom for about a month before I got the stones to play it again.
The first time you encounter the flood in Halo CE, was way too young at the time in retrospect... took me months to build up the guts to actually beat that.
The closest I got to noping out of a game was while playing Observer. The first “dream” or whatever you want to call It. That part where you sneak around the desks to avoid the monster. the music alone had me frozen in a corner before the monster even appeared. Lol
The closest I got to noping out of a game was while playing Observer. The first “dream” or whatever you want to call It. That part where you sneak around the desks to avoid the monster. the music alone had me frozen in a corner before the monster even appeared. Lol
What about ww2 nazi zombies sometimes the zombies jump out of nowhere well you just try to get by
Congrats Jane 🎉
Resident evil in VR!!!!! Never finished it
Fatal Frame II Crimson Butterfly... When the creepy woman ghost slowly opened that kimono box and crawled out, I was like "Noooope nope nope" and shut off my PS2
I've always been a wimp in video games. Horror games are just not for me.


I remember playing Ocarina of time when I was 14 years old or so. And gibdos were freaking me up so much! When I was going to get sun song from the grave, my heart was pounding all through it. And when I was getting to the end, getting the song, instead of going back, I was doing a save and quit so I didn't have to go through the corridor in the grave again.
And, from that point on, each time I encountered gibdos in the game, I was playing sun song. Even in the market, near Ganon's castle.


That's how much those ennemies freaked me out!
Oh man, Eternal Darkness was great, bro. At one point it gives you a nice, convincing error message telling you that your Game Cube crashed. That was nice. Yeah. Nice.
There were 2 moments in scary games that have left an imprint on my mind (both while I was only WATCHING my brother play the games >_>


The first was in the 1st Resident Evil the "there is an enemy here" music had stopped and the zombie in question had the pool of blood under them indicating they were really dead, my brother ran past him to get something off a shelf and it grabbed his ankle with a jumpscare sound and about gave ME a heart attack.  (I was watching my brother play this at around 10pm with all the lights out...never again~)


The second I have no idea HOW this terrified me but it was during my brother playing Kuon, he went into this area where the camera changed to show the roof and there was someone on the roof who just "scuttled" off to the left and out of the camera view...there was no sound or harm and it was so subtle I don't think my brother even noticed, but he sure jumped when I screamed lol
The should remake eternal darkness
First time in Ravenholm should be number 1
I played a large amount of Silent Hill. A lot. To the point where the hardest difficulty was just how the game was played. Long story short, each play through hinged on beating that first boss. he was easily the most difficult part of the game. If i died, that was it; on to something else.
Resident Evil 1 on the Playstation 1. My first actual attempt at the genre. Got to that infamous corridor where the dogs smash through the window. I literally dropped my controller. Turned it off, took the disc out, returned it to the local video rental store. (Yes, it was a rental. Thank goodness I didn't have someone pay full price for me to just play up to that moment and give up.)
Guess Mike is immune to fear.
Mine is so dumb. I was playing the latest thief game having no real knowledge about the series (or having played any horror games really) but I was so in for just nicking things. so when I got to the Asylum part I spent the entire time "nopenopenopeOhshinynopenopenope" also turns out that game wasn't very good and I went back a replayed dishonored.
My scariest moment in a video game still needs to be that time I caught Missingno in Pokémon Red. Who'd have thought you could find a dark ritual that can literally corrupt your game in such a light-hearted adventure?
Fatal Frame 2. The twin house - I saw the freaky little girl standing in the hallway I'd been through a dozen times with nothing else happening. She was just randomly there. I screamed threw the ps2 controller and turned off the tv. I have tried to beat the game multiple times but every time I have to go into that house I can't make myself do it.
I'm actually surprised no one mentioned dead space
I’ve seen someone beat PT so I think Andy is wrong.
Silent hill 1 gave me nightmares when I was a kid. But it also became my all time favorite horror  game that I gladly play once every year.
Mike is cold as ice, reason why he is not on this list. That man is an inspiration.
Alice: Madness Returns. The dollhouse level. More specifically the Dolltown Cellar. The outdoor dollhouse territory had its charm, but once you slide down to the cellar, you begin to realize just how much Dr. Bumby was twisting Alice's mind for the worse.
hey.. i think that i saw the last mansion in my dreams once.. there was a father and almost 8 daughters... pretty scary dream, the daughters were monsters in the end..  as about horror experiences... i know "the letter". . .i finished it once just to not touch it again because those "help me" voices were still in my head even after closing the game.. it has much dialogue, not always creepy and scary but... still scary for me ^^
The game that scared me enough to stop playing was mass effect 1. Watching the geth put the colonist onto the dragons tooth scared me a bit, but going to the burnt out outpost and seeing the husks on the tooth and then coming down and running at me. I dropped that game and then forgot about it. It took me finishing mass effect 3 to decide "Oh, i should go play ME1/2" and i decided to do a full story run. i was like 11 when i played ME1 that first time.
With all of this, how could you guys not include Halo 1? You start off as a badass Macho Man in a power suit, mowing down swarms of aliens who have no fear fighting you head on (unless you are a Grunt). Then, suddenly, these swarms of scary pods (accompanied with equally scary music) come at you and put the fear of GOD; not in just you, but the aliens that you were fighting, which just increases the fear more. Oh, also the whole transformation thing.
People actually think Outlast is scarier than Silent Hill? Disgraceful.
I relate to Ellen so much. When playing any kind of horror game my first instinct is to go find a dark room and just. Stop.

Also Tomb Raider 2013, my first foray into the franchise, instilled in me an intense fear of wolves too! And it was ALSO in part due to the incidental music that plays when they rush out of the foliage at you. shudder not even a horror game!

A game I noped out of because of fear was Resident Evil 4...and I'm kicking myself for it because it's SO FUN. I had painted myself into a corner against Bitores Mendes and was already a quivering mess from previous areas in the game, and the stress just made me quit and never feel brave enough to reload the save. One day I'll go back. 😖
When was a youngin' the original Bowser laugh and warning message scared me so much I never finished some Mario games.
For me it was Majora’s Mask - I loved OoT, so begged my parents for it as soon as it came out. Never made it out of the town. Between the opening cutscene, the implication that Epona had been killed offscreen, the horrific screaming transformation into Deku Link, the arm sticking out of the toilet, AND that awful bloody moon looming over everything... Tiny Rain was not prepared.
Dumb question but what's the song playing in the bg during Andy's part about PT? I like that song
Even as a kid, I never had that much trouble with the water temple.  Yeah, it's long and it's easy to raise the wrong water level, which leads to a lot of backtracking, but the only Zelda temple I've had to straight up stop and start over was the Stone Tower in Majora's Mask.  It too isn't necessarily hard, but if you get the sequence wrong and find a needed item on the ceiling as the game clock starts winding down, it can be a bit overwhelming as you navigate the temple, flipping & reversing the layout in a race against the clock.

Oh, and, not a dungeon, but also the silent realms in Skyward Sword as that's not what I play Zelda games for, so the third or fourth one was when I called it quits.  Granted, I had borrowed that one, so I had limited time, but, with everything else going on in real life, I wasn't going to waste it playing a gaming format I don't even like.
Dead Space. The first time you go into a small room, and it locks down and traps you in there for "decontamination".  And then you get a front row view to all of the necromorphs outside crawling into the ducts to come have a party with you.
For me, it was when I was playing Sonic Unleashed and saw the transformation scene. I was around 5. I WASN'T EVEN ABLE TO GO THROUGH THE REST CUZ I WAS SCARED. But now it is just because I cannot find the game anymore. HUhuhu
What? No mention of the amnesia a dark descent water section?
First time playing Skyrim,  I was not expecting the skivers in bleak falls barrow to come up from the spiral stair case. I nopeed off the game for a weekend
For me, one game was Drakengard when babies started raining from the sky.
The WATER temple made you quit? Well, must have not gotten to the shadow temple, that place scarred me for life as a kid I still feel the fear I used to have if that place when I revisit it lol
I'm with Jane. Silent Hill is exactly what did it for me as well. It was the first horror game I'd ever played and I promptly put it in a box, which eventually went into the attic, and has never emerged.
Prey it gave me a creepy vibe because of the mimics
I know it is not a horror game, but when I was younger I would panic when I first saw the skinny robots transform from Transformers Fall of Cybertron chapter 4 as cliffjumper
No mention of The Cradle from Thief III?  That whole level was a study in screwing with your head.  From the music and ambient sounds, to the history of the place you piece together from found notes.  You don't even actually meet a guest until the second half, but by that time you're already on edge and triple checking every shadow and looking for a way out.
While I was in college my roommates were playing outlast whistle blower with the lights down. I was not aware of this for I wasn't home, but I opened the front door and scared the pants off of them! The screamed which in turn scared me all in all it was a great terrifying moment
I would really like more personal stories like this please
When I was younger, my dad would make me play horror games with him. Like "Manhunt" on ps2. The worst one was a game called "The Suffering", also on the ps2. I remember running and screaming at the sight of the first enemy in the game... Basically a torso with blades for limbs...
Amnesia when the water monster appeared.
Shadow of the colossus. On the first underwater colossus. I just can't swim when there is something huge in the deep dark water. And swimming is so helpless. 
Actually it wasn't that much underwater battle in SotC, but when something like swimming in dark waters appear, I just don't want to.

Or games in general where it is hard to look forward, like the old silent hill. Like how near is the monster to me?
I was scared of Venom from Ultimate Spider-Man and wouldn't attempt to progress without an adult in the room when I was young.
Alien Isolation = NOPE
Can't believe Subnautica isn't here. If my computer wasn't a potato and had the sound all the way up I'd have died right there and then.
in resident evil 4 anytime one of the zombies peoples heads blow up and sprouts that sythe parasite thing. it always gave me the creeps
When I was younger I tried playing the Ghostbusters game on the 360 and I couldn’t get past the fisherman part because the candle spiders scared me
When I first bought the original Resident Evil, my older brother was watching me play at about 2 in the morning. When I found that zombie on the floor in the small hallway (on the left side of the room with the first floor map), I decided to shoot him, knowing it couldn't catch up to me. 
I then left that little hall and stood next to the statue you get the map from. If you stand in the right place, the camera is behind you and about knee high (Don't worry, it's important later). As I stood there, I could hear the zombie still crawling, so, just for fun, I waited around to see if it could get to the end of that hall. Sure enough, I could clearly make out first the zombie's hand, then his arm, then finally, his head and shoulders. And, even though it was terribly pixelated on the PS1, I could clearly see the zombie turn its head and stare at me and hear it groan. Of course, because of where I was standing, it looked like the zombie was staring past Chris AND AT MY BROTHER AND I.
After a few seconds of sheer horror, my brother and I looked at each other and then, I very slowly turned off the PS1. We then decided mutually agreed it was a good time to watch Lion King.
"Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb" I was in my early teens when I played this on the PS2 and there were bits where you had to swim/dive in dark catacombs which is bad enough already but to make it even better there were giant alligators in the water with you which you had to somehow try to evade. I was absolutely terrified and actually don't remember if I ever finished the game...
LoZ OoT How about when you get to that last door in the water temple and realize you missed a key somewhere and have to go back and find it. Now THAT is scary.
Way back in the day it was halo: ce for me, the first encounter with the flood freaked me out so much I couldn’t finish the game for a couple years.
I remember as a kid playing Metroid Prime 2 and getting to the Bog area (Torvus Bog?) And between always hating underwater areas in games cause I just have a fear of deep water I remember running into these things called Grenchlers that the first fight builds them up a bit and they were like these reptile predatory creatures that just as a kid freaked the hell out of me because they were fast too. I just didn't play that game for an unreasonably long time even though I otherwise enjoyed it. At this point I love the game but still am mixed on the Bog. Especially the underwater chamber with the giant fish creatures that bull charged you for existing.
For me it was the hotel basement part of The Last of Us. Not sure why to be honest lol
Poor Andy, forced to keep playing after a spooky error message because THE CHANNEL MUST BE FED (your call whether I'm talking about outsidexbox or Mike). If it makes Ellen feel any better, I probably wouldn't get much farther in Alien Isolation -- I like WATCHING horror games being played (one of my favorite LPers does a lot of horror stuff), but given I can be SUPER sensitive to jump scares, and I don't like games where I can't fight back. . . Yeah, I don't play a lot of pure horror games.


My spooky "stop playing" moment was in Alice: Madness Returns, actually -- the very end of Queensland. Because oh cripes THAT MOUTH AND TONGUE SLIDE. I mean, Queensland is bad enough in its fossilized state for the majority of the level. But going down there into the newly HD body horror meat and teeth and EYES bit?? Um -- no thanks? I mean, I'd gone to squishy bits before, but it was just that SLIDE. . . I took advantage of the auto save and noped out for a bit. (Honestly, Dark of Heartness is when the creep factor of the game just ramps up a thousandfold, as it leads directly into the ASYLUM mini-level, and then the Dollhouse. . .  I love you, A:MR, but still!)
I'm terrified of zombie dogs, so in Re2 Remake seeing that I need to go down to where the dogs are kept, and walking down and hearing them howling... I was like NOPEEE can't do this. When I finally did do it I was screaming, and nearly threw the controller.
I suck at stealth games and I just remember trying to sneak past the clickers in last of us and getting super tense about the whole thing
so pt arkham asylum'd you
What about F.E.A.R. 1 and your first encounter with the guys that can turn invisible?
I can only play Silent Hill in the day time with the lights on, the volume off and surrounded by my cute fluffy kitties.

(edit) ALSO Has anyone noticed how the OXBOX team has to talk about games that aren't really on Xbox or rather aren't associated with Xbox? Is that because Xbox hasn't had a really successful exclusive title in like four years or longer?
there 's never been a game i stopped playing because of an event... just one that made me switch off the game and restart :D
and that was ocarina of time...but not the water temple, it was getting the sun song! the whole set up where you play the song, the lightning strike , to getting down there, and the scream every time you get frozen so you can't move... the music and everything by the time i was wanting to run i was already half way through the thing, and couldn't run away as they were just slowly getting closer.

yeah i had my brother get the song for me :D
you may have forgotten but there is a PlayStation and a PlayStation One that came out later. The one was smaller and could run games better... by a percentage
Anthem scares me, I dont want to try it incase it bricks my PS4.. Id try it on a Raspberry Pi.. but then Id be scared to see the loading screens.
I honestly don't remember my first video game scare. The closest I can think of is a mild grossout in the demo of Resident Evil 4 when you run into Dr. Salvador's chainsaw. That ruined my appetite for a while the first time I saw it.
Fallout 3 Dunwich at 3am is a bright idea.
One moment that made me turn off the console instantly was in Uncharted 2 when Drake is climbing some stairs in the caves and the shadow in your screen turns around revealing some horrifying yeti.
My game that i stopped playing was the Ps1 title Overblood. There is a part early on where you figure out how to open up an elevator and when you do a dead zombie type thing falls in front of you on the floor (dead). It was the scariest thing i had ever seen. It's so ridiculous to look back at now.......but i'd still never play it.. for reasons.
When I saw "spoilers for ocarina of time" I thought it would be about the bottom of the well boss Dead Hand
That time in the first Bioshock where all the lights go out and the Splicers pounce and I just noped right on out of the room.
Silent Hill 1 will forever be the scariest game IMO. Not just the monsters, it had a way scaring you in a subtle manner. At some point I was so paranoid that just random noises in the game scared me. Like there's a room where you hear glass shatter, like a bottle fell and broke. It doesn't mean anything, it's completely random but you expect something to happen and it drove me fucking nuts.
Fatal Frame II: Crimson Butterfly. I literally just played the opening bit and saved in front of the second house. And then I read that shortly after entering the second house, you would have to evade an unkillable ghost that kills you in one hit every time you pass through one specific room, and that there was a dead end in that room put there specifically to screw you over. I never went back to the game.
it was called as PSX back then...
11:30 its a redead ocarina of time:)
What about in technomage return of eternity when you needed to enter the graveyard crypt and the scary music started playing? When I first played the game and heard that I was like NOPE!
I bought my Sim a TV, so that she'd stop crying in her empty apartment. She laughed for a while until the TV activity was over, then she went right back to the anguished existential bawling of the self-aware game character. I looked around at my empty apartment, suddenly chilled by the parallel. I shut off the game and never played it again. Too real, man.
Bruh PT will always be a legend especially because hardly anybody is analyzing it and realizing it for what it really was. I wish I could do a video on it so everyone can know what I do except the whole Jareth part and the fact David Bowie died not long after the release of Phantom Pain thing kinda starts making me feel like I'm crazy if I try to dig into that at all... the Jareth thing is still an amazing cryptic bit of detail though that still gives fans a huge clue as to what movie Kojima wants you to watch. The J thing and the messages and it being David Bowie related has been creeping me out. Really though, It's a middle finger to Konami. This game was probably the reason Konami banned Kojima from the awards that year.
I suffer from Thalassophobia so anytime I have to spend extended periods of gametime underwater is torture for me. There have been many a game I've stopped playing due to underwater progression and me just freaking out and having panics attacks cause of digital water.
I got scared when i played Serious Sam, the first game, i played it as a little kid, have no idea why, when a skeleton dinosaur (bull) or whatever jumped out at me in a completely dark room, i got so scared, that i ran to the other room
The Walking Dead survival instinct, got through the first mission and was like nope. As a kid ocarina of time, effffffffff them re-deads!!!?!
Lol I stopped at the same part on Outlast  . After the first jump scare and then getting chased and not knowing how to escape, I just cowered in a corner and turned the game off lol
Odd choice, but there was a Jimmy neutron game for the computer made around the time of the movie (before the tv show) that had the creepiest examples of character animation stuck deep in the uncany valley. When you talk to characters, the music stops and thecharacters stand as still as statues while their mouths moved. The overworld music wasn't scary but it wasn't made to make me feel secure (I was about 4 or 6 at the time) and when it gets to the part of the aliens abducting people you are talking to, using creepy sound effects, and when you have to confront the aliens using the janky controls for the shrink ray and super shitty stealth mechanics while they drone in spooky voices "Intruder alert!" i was so done. It even got to the point where I deleted my entire save.

A year later when I worked up the gumption to finish it, I was super disappointed to discover that there wasn't even a final boss. Jimmy just threatens the alien leader and the bad guy gives up. It was so dumb.
Blair Witch was SOOOO good..  and then they made a sequel...

heavy sigh
The problem with Alien Isolation was that the game was slow and you could not save often, the alien can kill you for no fault of your own (he is super random at times) and then you would have to replay the last 30 minutes. There should be a lower difficulty setting where you could save at any time. Other games do similar things (RE7 for example) but in that game you have options, in Alien it felt too random.
That was the same spot I stopped in Outlast, though in my case it was out of frustration; I couldn't figure out where I was supposed to go (which admittedly is partly because I will never flip on whatever my light source is in a horror game for more that a split second to get a glimpse of the room I'm in, Silent Hill trained me too well on that being a monster beacon plus I can't waste them batteries) and I find combatless flee and hide horror games enraging in the first place. That was where I reached the point of going "Nope, if this idiot character doesn't have enough sense of self-preservation to grab a hunk of rubble to swing around and gain a little space to think he doesn't deserve to live any longer anyway."
I've never understood why people think thew water temple is so hard... but scary?  not at all...
Wait a minute, you're telling me you quit at the water temple after making it past deadhand in the well?!  And Redeads?!  And Wallmasters?!  (or did those not show up til shadow temple?)
So Luke stopped at the Water Temple, wow, the Shadow Temple was so much worse, I’m disappointed in you Luke
Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess. After beating lakebed temple and talking with the spirit after that cutscene with the upside down floating female "love" interest of the game. Freaked me out as a teenager.
The wolves in Ice Age as well as The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe scared me as a kid. (The latter had me cowering in the foot space until the movie's final battle.)




I love wolves now. They're not scary! I don't know what you're talking about, Ellen! That was heartless, killing those poor things! ':3

(No, but seriously, wolves don't scare me nearly as much anymore, if at all.)
In my opinion, the most terrifying moment in video games ever is> On Silent Hill, at the beginning of the game you reach what seems to be a dead end, so you turn back, and then a monster appears blocking your way out!. Ohh boy!
Aww, Ellen, Tomb Raider had that effect on me too I was absolutely terrified, could not handle the sounds of the wolves crying when you shot them either, and never went past that first cave :D  I played around in the mansion all the time though. Maybe we were just too little ^_^
Honest to god, the music from multiple water temples in different Zelda games gives me an instant headache along with shaking becoming instantly overheated without even playing the game. It's the area I hate the most in all the games.
Man, Eternal Darkness is such an underrated jewel. I know they say "careful what you wish for" but I'd really love a remake or a sequel...or honestly just the chance to replay it on a new console since my poor Gamecube died.
I had that tomb raider game for my windows 98 but for some reason my copy didn't have any music when you'd play it, and at one point the game just crashed, i could only go so far into the game.
Oh, this game looks nice.  I wonder what this is all about then.  AAHHHH, an Alien!!!  Why didn't anyone tell me there was going to be an Alien!?!
Oppressive
I want to be Jane and Ellen's best friend. And just play games and listen to true crime.
If you want to be terrified out of your wits then play a horror game in VR
Let's see....the first time you have to go into a vent in F.E.A.R. 2 I stopped playing. The flooded basement in Outlast I stopped playing. The "Expecto Patronum" less in Prisoner of Azkaban (PS2) I stopped playing. Yeah, good times!
I'm such a horror wuss that I quit within 10 minutes of dead space 3. The least scary dead space game. I can't deal with horror at all.
Not a horror game, but in either Fable 2 or 3, when you spend a year being king/queen to prepare for the consuming shadows that are trying to end the world. Yeah... at that point I was too weirded out and stopped playing.
The things that got me out of Left For Dead 2 were those goddamn witches. I was trying to sneak past them because my team was low on health and 1 of them was near us, I could see it slowly lifting its hands from its face as it realized we were next to it. Thank God it attacked one of my teammates, otherwise I would've gotten a fricking heart attack.
The worst sanity effect in Eternal Darkness was the knocking. It would happen even if you had only lost a small amount of sanity, there'd just be this knocking. It was kind of faint, and wasn't constant, so at first you weren't even sure you were hearing it. But then it'd happen again, and you'd be like, "Did someone just knock on my door?" So I got up to check to make sure no actual person was knocking on my actual real life door, then I heard it again, and looked at my sanity meter, and saw that I was still pretty close to full, so thought it must be someone knocking on one of the doors in the game, so I check all the doors I could get to, even the front door, but I never found anyone knocking. I finally realized it had to be one of the sanity effects, but it was just so eerily realistic.
MOAR Ellen.
What about the multiple scenes in until dawn. In the asylum, the mine and the lodge at the end?
The water temple took me at least a week to figure it out.

I didn't find it scary or too hard after completing it the first time.

Twilight Princesses water temple was far more longer to complete in my opinion as well as Majora's Mask Water Temple is a nightmare to complete in its limited time restriction before the moon falling onto you.

I thought that in Ocarina's Water Temple, the only scary thing was the Like Like that would eat you and take your Blue Tunic.
I adore the Uncharted series, played every one of them, and completed every one of them . . . except for Uncharted 1. There I was having a happy adventure with Nathan “Oh, crap!” Drake, when BAM! Inbred Nazi zombie things start scuttling after me in the dark. NOPE! I panicked, stopped playing, and then embarrassingly had to watch a let’s play of someone much braver than me because I wanted to see how the story ended, haha. To this day, I still haven’t completed it.
This is kinda cheating, since i've beaten it, but this first attempt was in the middle of the night... Queen Venessa in A Hat in Time... ._.
How about the royal tomb? Can’t believe you guys forgot about it.
I don’t know why people had a hard time with the water temple I literally took me about an hour and a half and this was when I was an idiot kid
The only horror game that I stopped playing because it was too scary was Fatal Frame. I made it to the last section of the game, and I just couldn't anymore. I've never had that problem with any other games in the series.
I have P.T. in VR. It's even scarier
One time i made a new pirate on sea of thieves and as soon as i set sale the sea went black and a chill went down my spine and i guit the game
the scariest moment that made me stop playing a game was in Mirror's Edge. anyone else almost get hit by the train the first time you saw it in that tunnel?
When I had an Xbox my dad got Doom 3 for himself and when he let me play it I got up to the point where these wall crawling, screaming creatures called imps started coming after me then one killed me with three fireballs and I have yet to play that game since
I have always hated the idea of sinking in mud or quicksand (even though, logically, I know you can't sink all the way) so I hated it in one of the Tomb Raiders when you had to make Lara walk through deep mud (or was it quicksand) even to the point of it covered her head. There was only one correct path you could take and anything else meant she drowned. I didn't stop playing but I got through them as quick as I could.
the first time i played resident evil 2, i was 9 years old in 1998. i dont know how i talked my step mom into buying it for me but it was so scary. i remember i couldnt figure out how to shoot because you had to hold R2 to aim your gun then x to fire. but yea i didnt know this so right after the cut scene the zombies killed me over and over again. that dark screen and the zombies just chomping on leon countless times was very scary to 9 year old me. one of my favorite games of all time now though
OMG my scariest moment was in Rachet and Clank: A Crack in Time.  It was one of my first Playstation 3 games and theres a part in which Rachet must deal with bugs.  They shouldn't be too hard until u realize that they are trillions of tiny insects that basically DEVOUR you when they swarm you.  I was screaming at the top of my lungs every time I attempted that one level!!!
So, what I'm getting from this video is that we need Ellen and Andy to playthrough Alien: Isolation, is that right? All in favour say "Aye"
You forgot Parasite Eve in the very beginning when the rat transforms into a hideous monstrosity. I remember that giving me nightmares for weeks.
When I was 9 I was playing the sims 2 on my PSP there is this section of the game right before Area 51 where you can get attacked by the night beast, it was obviously a joke monster and I don’t find it scary now but when I first saw it I literally would not stop screaming and ran out my bedroom leaving my  PSP on my bed still turned on, I still don’t how I managed to get into horror if I was like that as a child.
Yeah, Silent Hill is pretty scary, like that time when I'd been running from the dog things in the fog and became so terrified that I'd seen a rat thing move on the corner of my eye that I immediately armed myself and beat that thing to death.  Imagine my surprise when I discovered it had been the actual pet hamster of my housemate...

But I did eventually come back to Silent Hill, to the very end.  The game that has actually scared me so badly that I've stopped playing is called "Prey" and the reason I haven't gone back is the roar of the Nightmare.  Partly because that is because I don't know whether I can defeat it, but partly because I know that there is no escape, no place on that station I may need to visit where the Nightmare may not reappear to hunt me again.  Even if I can defeat it, as long as I continue playing I will encounter it again, and again, and again.  And each time I will know it is hunting me again through that terrible alien roar.
Also from the first Silent Hill but kept playing for reasons I'll say in a sec. I was in the school and had fought off roaches and children and seen what the dark world has to offer but never once saw This thing... I go from a hallway into a small room with a double door and I try the door but it's locked, then hear the eerie radio static and this little shadow baby forms in the room waddling around towards me and I freak the Heck out! I ran around the room thinking the door I came from was locked and try shooting but it just falls down and gets back up, I finally resign to death after being scared outta my mind then turns out it doesn't even hurt you and the entrance was never locked... I looked around, happy I played alone so No one saw me act a fool
Uhhhh... Dead Space. You get to the engine room before your first work bench. As you go to leave, there is a VERY dead enemy...who is totally not dead. It jumped up and I put down the game. Didn't play the game again for literally 5 years when I finally beat it.
Manhunt first time pigsy  pops up. Or resident evil 4 first time the chainsaw got hacks your head off. Something about chainsaws off screen possibly behind you
Let me explain this evolutionary change games went through in 1996. We went from playing Yoshi's Island on the SNES to playing games that were capable of 3D models in backdrops that seemed so real, and so immersive. It was hard enough adapting from 2D platforming to 3D, especially considering there was no universally accepted control scheme, so every game designer pretty much had free reign over how they wanted the move scheme to play out on the PS1 controller. I remember the 1st game I ever played on the PS1, a game called Krazy Ivan. I was at my uncles house and I wanted to play all the games he had at the time and only had a weekend to do it. there was only one game he wouldn't let me play, so naturally that was the game I wanted to play the most.  


Not too long after my uncle went to sleep, I put in that game and started it up, and honestly, my mind was blown. everything looked so good. It was a little blocky, but the good WELL outweighed the bad. The voice acting was terrible but we had nothing to compare it to, so its not like you noticed how bad it was until years after. So, i noticed that the controls on this one is a little clunky, moving is kinda hard, so I was sure that scheme made encounters hard to deal with. I went exploring in my new world, checking everything out. I see a door, and open it. I see a hallway, and check some of the other doors, to which were either locked or barred. I explore the rest of the hallway and find my very 1st zombie, only to realize, I dont know how to attack. I am pushing every button in panic trying to get the damn thing killed to no avail.


I died, and I was very unsettled by the whole ordeal. I noticed in my inventory that I only had a knife, so this time, I was going to try the female, maybe she had a better weapon. Okay, so I am looking at everything, I see we got a Beretta, Mash combinations of buttons, under no pressure until we figure out how to shoot -- got it. Now I am ready. I go back to that damn zombie and pop him a few good times and now he is dead. I find a few clipps of ammo off the poor sob that this zombie made a happy meal of, and I think that now I am getting the hang of it. 


Confident with my new-found abilities I start off on my survival horror experience. I start exploring the mansion, terrified but driven. And then I come to a long hallway, red carpet on tan walls, showcases on the left and windows to the right. I go on checking every little corner, nook and cranny of every room that I find because it became apparent that If I miss anything, I will not have what I need to finish the game. As I was searching this room, I felt safe. the view distance was far, so I knew there was no zombies to worry about; I go down a little further then shorty realized that my false sense of security had been shattered to a million pieces longside a window that a zombie dog just jumped through. 


I screamed my lungs out, turned that bastard off, and ran into my bed. My uncle came in there, and said "the dogs get ya?" I replied "....that was the most terrifying thing ive ever seen." He laughed and said "well, next time honor my wishes and don't do shit I tell you not to."


To this day, nothing scared me more than that scene in RE1, Nothing in dead space, P.E, or FEAR. Sure there are scarier games than that, but none more impactful due to the era of gaming it came from.
My only experience with horror games was bioshock when i was 13 and i'm not good with anything horror esque  so seing those petals fall from the ceiling in the fisheries with that soft splicer voice made me quit for about 2 years the completed all three games within a year... still some of my favorite games till this day
I'm with Ellen, want so badly to complete Alien: Isolation, but way too nervous. I got a bit further in the game, but the tension of the unpredictable AI behavior of the Alien got the better of me 😱
if he thinks the water temple was bad he should of stuck around for the sand or better yet the soul temple I had legit nightmares so much blood and those whit creaturs with the long necks the husks and mumies and them frikin hands ahh
How about the first time you run into a Reaper leviathan in Subnautica?  Or any of the hostile leviathans?  But Reaper especially since you probably won't have any way of escaping besides hoping you can run away the first time you meet one.
the clock tower series on the playstation. when I got the first  one I lived in the  basement of an old farm house in rural Wisconsin. here I was sitting in a dark old potato room converted to my room playing the game when I entered a room and a monster jumped out from a closet. at that point I turned on ever light i had down there just to keep playing.
Strangely enough, for me, it was the ghost girl in Poke'mon (forget which exact game, but one of the newer ones).  Usually something like that wouldn't really be all that scary, just a bit weird and creepy, but it happened at a time when I was already on edge about something else and had picked up the game as a way to distract myself, so having that ghostly moment show up out of the blue like that was just the last straw.  I did get back to the game later on, but it did cause me to nope out for a couple months.
What about Edmund in Red Dead 2? Maybe the murder sights were more gruesome than terrifying but when he jumps you in the shack it’s pretty startling.
I stopped playing thief after finding those weird spiders.
Mine was in the first Uncharted, when you encounter the El Dorado demons in the bunker. I was 12-13 I didn’t touch the game for weeks
Jane, I watched Hereditary (I say watched, I spent much of the runtime with my head hidden, turtle style, inside the comfort of my sweater) about 3 month’s ago. I’m still having nightmares of birds getting their heads cut off with scissors and old women yelling at teen boys from across busy streets shudder
No clips of Herobrine from minecraft?
Ellen, I love you. However, Alien: Isolation was laughable. The atmosphere was pretty good, but I laughed at the Xenomorph everytime I saw it. All I could see was some shitty AI that would randomly become psychic despite never seeing you and you using the mechanics the game has taught you to hide. If the AI was better the game could've been great.
A game that terrified me as a kid was Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain. I got this game when I was maybe 8 or 9 and I got to the intro and turned it off. You start off as a humble nobleman asking for another round before you hit the night air. The bartender refuses and sends you out. Then out of nowhere a gang of men just attack you. That blood curdling scream Kain let's out when they get him, haunts my dreams.
I‘m chill when I watch horror movies, but playing horror games is sooooo stressful.
What about the countless moments in F.E.A.R. and it's sequel?  Some of the tiniest, subtle, just saw something move at the periphery of my vision, F this game moments that I remember.
Outlast "Whistleblower": The part where you come across the Groom's victim, who is nothing but a torso with 3 heads being used in what I would call "creative" ways.  Some parts made me jump or sweat, sure, but seeing that affront to human decency made me just go "NOPE."  Not even the following buzz saw scene phases me as badly, ironically enough.
Not a video game, but I would have seen Star Wars 1 in theaters (I was very young and I’m pretty sure I’d never seen a movie in theaters before, so, exciting!) only the music during the opening credits(? Whatever the little scroll thing at the start is) was much louder than I had been expecting and I ended up asking my dad to call mom to pick me up and take me home instead. Watched it later at home once it came out on VHS with the volume much lower and ended up traumatized by Qui Gon Jin’s death scene instead. Not the way you usually want to bookend your story.
This might sound weird but Super Mario Sunshine, it's a level where you have to go in a waterfall and clean the eels teeth.....for a game to be so bright and vibrant that still gives me nightmares....i'm 28 now :/
When I was 13, I had a good friend who was a super nerd for Nintendo, particularly Mario, and he had recently started getting into Zelda after Twilight Princess had come out. I don't care for Mario that much, outside of three games (64, Sunshine, and Oddysey). Mario works wonderfully in open environments, but I find his level-based platformers extremely dull. I digress, though. So by this point at 13 years old, I had beaten Ocarina of Time multiple times in my young life. It was my first game at five years old. So I was helping my buddy progress through Ocarina of Time on his Wii (he had never completed the game), and we got to the Water Temple before I had to move a state away. He's still on the Water Temple. I'm 25 now. Hahaha Also, when I saw Ocarina of Time on this list, the Water Temple is NOT was I was expecting to hear about. Lol
I couldn't actually finish outlast cause I'm awful with horror...
When I was like eight years old I was really into dinosaurs.
I had a ps1 back then and my dad, who didn't knew anything about video games saw dino crisis in the store and got it for me.
It was my first horror game and I played it til the Point where the half eaten corpse lays on the ground. :D
In Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice there is the section where Senua cannot see and has to creep around horrible misshapen monsters and, and I am not saying that the game is otherwise full of happy sunlit meadows or anything, but this specific part is absolutely terrifying to me. Or that part where there is most definitely a monster hunting you, and when your torch goes out or you have to get through a dark area, you hear it coming after you! Fun! What a fun, totally not scary game!
As a kid it was the damn mansion in Time Splitters! I think it was only because of that music but still! Hated it with a fiery passion of flaming fire! Hated the music, hated the ghosts, hated the zombies, hated the damn moose trophy that tried to kill my face! Hated it!

On another note, who wants to hear Jane speak more French?
I won't play ocarina of time again because of the water temple, just cause it's infuriating, not because it's scary, and I stopped playing silent hill 3 because of a part in I think the apartments area where you go behind a shelf and there's ammo there, and the room kinda looks like an sideways E and the ammo is at the far end of the room, you can see it shining through the shelves and I'm like "oo, ammo" and then you go pick it up and then there's this HORRIFIC noise followed by an explosion and I'm just like "nope" I paused the game, stopped playing and didn't pick it back up for a while. When I got back to it, it turned out that it was just a maniquin who's head exploded in the middle hall of the room and there was actually no danger to me.
So you're trying to find the location of the wolves in tomb raider? There is nothing scarier than a where-wolf
I remember when my character, which was a yellow circle, was being chased by ghosts and there wasn't any fruits left.

What, that was scary! The bar was set low. Galaga wasn't scary at all and the PlayStation hadn't yet been invented.
The first thing I thought of when  I saw this was the wolves from Tomb Raider.  When I was little, I got a demo disk from Pizza Hut of all places (remember those?).  It was Croft Manor and a section of caves.  Asked my mom to sit with me while I played but once the wolves showed up, I got so scared I never played it again.  😂
For me it was the haunted hotel in Vampire the Masquarade: Bloodlines. Between the story about the man losing it and killing his family and the objects flying at you...and probably the fact I was playing it in the middle of the night on my own and it freaked me the frack out.
never got to play PT unfortunately. the only game to ever terrify me was condemned criminal origins. I was young and it was my first real horror game. just the atmosphere was enough to make me quit like 5 minutes in. it was good that I rented 2 games that week :p
Ocarina of Time's water temple doesn't sound scary so much as tedious. (For him, I mean. I'm sure everyone else was happy with it and have defended it in the comments below.)
For me it was the Centra Ruins in Final Fantasy VIII, where you get Odin. I completed it but it took days of psyching myself up. You enter a town and this creepy music starts playing, and a countdown timer starts on the screen. That's all - no other prompts or instructions. And random enemies are the Tonberries who take your hits while slowly stepping closer to you before one-hit killing you. I did complete the challenge and got Odin but it was a much harder psychological challenge than it should have been
Ravenholm in Half Life 2. I didn't even get to the hard parts, it was literally the first courtyard you go into with some legs swinging from a lamp post and stuff and I quit out of there!

Once I came back a year or two later and actually moved past there I was able to do the whole thing in one go, but that first time in the courtyard...
I bet they had to get Mike to get all the footage for this video
Resident evil 2 remake beating chased by a licker and mr X  I left and my dad laughed at me.......
Dead Space 2 the creepy nursery music, where the little babies first appear and they start screaming. I wasn't scared but very creeped out.
No Sonic Underwater noise when he drowns
Best horror game coping method? Play music that doesn't fit whatsoever. Example: Crystal Dolphin by Englewood while playing RE 7 or whatever game spoops you.
She wearing different types of shirts than usual. She must be pregnant.
They may be scary but they make for cool videos on the internet, from cool gaming channels I really like. (I mean this one, if that wasn't obvious).
0:56 Andy yelling like he's classic Pewdiepie
It wasn't a scary game, but I stopped playing Jaws Unleashed on the ps2 because 7 year old me was terrified of the way the water looked when you transition from underwater to the surface
"We have nothing to fear but fear itself. Apart from pain. And maybe humiliation and obviously death. And failure. But apart from fear, pain and humiliation, failure and the unknown and death we have nothing to fear but fear itself" - Arnold Judas Rimmer
I have two of these! Dead Space and Bioshock. Got them when I was WAY too young. In Dead Space that moment when you walk through the door to the lady “operating” on the body and she turns around to look at you and slits her own throat chilled me to my core. And then Bioshock when that elevator falls and the burning splicer runs out (yes like, 10 minutes into the game) I was just like, “nah” and put them both down for months
My childhood moment of quitting a game was also Ocarina of Time, actually. Wasn't the Shadow Temple or the Well, either. I was five the first time I played through Ocarina of Time, and I played through those fine as a child, in fact I remember really loving the Shadow Temple. But you know that birds-eye view maze that has those little Deku dudes that would run around that you do as child Link to get to Saria? Yeah, when you're adult Link, you have to do that maze again to get to the Forest Temple, and the maze is no longer birds-eye, and has giants with spears instead. When I was a child, I couldn't do that maze. Haha I would have any adult around, even if they had never played the game, go through that maze for me. After a few months, I finally tried it for myself, made it through, and that might be my proudest gaming moment ever, little five year old me overcoming the Giants of the Forest Maze. xD
I couldn't play Fatal Frame, I just couldn't
(Spoiler warning for Outlast) I had a couple spoilers for outlast end up being the final nail in the coffin of that game. One of them being the identity of the giant mutant that chases you throughout the game. Turns out he was military police stationed near the asylum in Colorado springs. At the time I played it, I was a military policeman stationed at Ft Carson which is in Colorado springs. Nope. It hit home for me on top of the camera being my only lifeline with no ability to fight back. F that. I'm out.
I’m surprised Ellen’s wasn’t “any game with copious amounts of spiders”
Mine was Bioshock 1 at the very beginning of the game where u meet the first splicer and it’s crawling on walls with hooks and being genuinely  creepy. I was in middle school at the time so seeing this gave me nightmares for at least 3 weeks and I don’t go back till 2 years later where I realized that hay this ain’t so bad and it’s actually a perdy kick ass game
My personal opinion is when playing spider-man ps1 in the final stage when you need to run from monster-ock in very narrow corridor and he is chasing you. its very stressfull and I did not finished it until I am much older.
If you guys do the hallowsteam again this year (and I hope you do) you could play your unfinished horrors like outlast for Jane and alien on oxtra for Ellen
Youtube is the absolute worst. Why is it so hard to have you ads be quiet enough to not cause physical pain
Ok. The first Night mission in dying light scared me. They make it very clear that these things are dangerous. And when i went out the first time, they scared me so much i didn't play it for a year.
The first time I encountered the  boss of the bottom of the well in Ocarina of Time as kid link. I had no idea how to fight it and thought “oh I’ll slash it with my sword” Got close and its spidery arms reached for me and it grabbed me with its weird hands and I was like nope
I love Eternal Darkness, it’s the only true “horror” game I’ve ever played. When I got it, my sister and I could only play it if we listened to 80s music on headphones while playing lol. I stopped playing it after I got the jump scare where you see yourself dead in a bathtub. Didn’t come back to it for years. Now when I play it, I let the sanity get low intentionally just to see all the sanity effects lmao

Btw, you really found Ocarina of Time scary? The water temple, really!? Not the bottom of the well or the spirit temple? 😏. No offense, but that’s kinda wimpy. The water temple was actually my favorite temple because I loved being underwater, it wasn’t linear, and it required some thinking to complete. Majora’s Mask, on the other hand, had plenty of terrifying moments, like whenever you got a new racial mask 😬, or the UFOs abducting cows from the farm, or running out of time, or the music on the last day before you reset time for the umpteenth time, or the mask salesman, etc etc
Oh I got one. There is a part in silent hill 3 when the world is starting to shift as you're walking through this factory, or the mall, I can really remember, but you enter a room with a giant glass mirror, and you can see the roots for the hell world growing rapidly along the mirror. Well my cousin was playing and saw how bloodied up she looked in the mirror, thought it was cool, so he spent some time running around and looking at her reflection with all the blood on it, at first reflection is fine and moves with you, until one point he just stood again real close in the mirror to get like a close up, and as he moved away to leave the room he noticed the reflection was no longer moving, it was just standing there as if watching him as he ran around the room, it was so subtle but so creepy my cousin literally saved the game and never touched it again. 15 years later and still dont think hes beat that game. Lmaoo
Tomb Raider Legend, the flashback to the excavation inside this underground temple. It was where you were trying to save Amanda and were attempting to exit the tomb. There was a huge black and orange glowing monster/entity which terrified me to the point I stopped playing and picked it back up 3 years later! I don't know why it scared me to that point, but I did get stuck on a small puzzle during the escape and there is a feeling of dread that this thing was going to enter the puzzle area and end my run
This is probably an unusual answer but Doom 3. The game is Resident Evil 2 remake dark and very very claustrophobic. Plus your flashlight is a separate from all other weapons. Enemies are incredibly fast, scream like the damned they are and leave bloody wounds across the screen. Worse is that even the basic scrub zombies could take a shotgun blast or two before crumbling and ammo is very scarce. And everywhere are audio-diaries. Audio-diaries that add a distinct and disturbing human touch to everything. The one about the Scandinavian engineer "painting the wall" with a prototype plasma gun still bothers me but most of all I acutely remember cranking up the volume and straining my hearing to see if I could the scrabbling of imp talons in the game's ventilation ducts before one pounced on me.
First time seeing Broken neck lady in fatal frame 1.
Also, to be technical, a "demon split-head lizard monster" is a crocodile, not an alligator. Sorry to nitpick.
The overbearing sense of dread you feel when you're new to stuff like Rust and DayZ is powerful. At any moment, all your time spent sneaking around and looting could end up being a waste! It's probably the single worst thing that can happen in a video game without affecting you financially; rage-inducing, demoralizing, and the buildup to it keeps you on edge.
I had a "history of time" themed detective video as a child and in it was a silhouette of a dinosaur walking menacingly by, and that was enough to terrify wee baby Bees.
BioShock 1. I had taken a hiatus from games for a bit, and that game was very immersive for me. After I was attacked by the nurses in the plastic surgery ward, I needed to take a break for a while.
I did something similar to Jane's PT prank on Andy to a Let's Player I was watching play Slender the Eight Pages. After getting the last page and shouting their celebration to the world and the stream, I suggested her husband, who was sitting in the dark room behind her watching the stream, sneak up behind her and tap her shoulder. Which he then did and scared the absolute shit out of her. She was mildly upset with us to say the least.
I feel you guys. I've never been able to play through the taxidermist add-on to heavy rain, because I immediately quit as soon as the guy gets home.
I played the new thief game. The first time I saw the monsters I had to get my husband's help but then we got to the asylum. I don't think I need to give you the details.
I may have been a wimp, but as a kid playing Ocarina of Time, I was terrified my first time stepping out of the temple of time as an adult. The happy little castle town has been replaced by an army of the undead? And I have to weave my way through them to get to the rest of the game? No thanks, I've got homework to do.
Really? No mention of dying light when you first see the volatile. Or equally as scary when you see the child zombie.
P.T. must make makers of older horror games feel like shit, it's the scariest game ever made, and it's a demo for a game that wasn't even made
Man the one that got me was Fatal Frame 2. It wasn't a particular part that got me it was the whole game. The fact that you only had the camera to protect you stressed me out. I never made it past th part were one of the twins got captured. (I guess she's stuck there for life now)
If it wasn't for GodMode, I never would have finished Doom. One can only traverse so many darkened halls waiting for daemons to pop out before one calls it quits.
Window zombie dogs in resident evil! Young me threw the controller at the TV and slammed off the PlayStation as quickly as possible. I wouldn't play that game at night ever again.
for me, the undead zombie things in the first Uncharted. NOT what i signed up for, Nate
Back when I was just 8 or 9, at the time I loved playing any game that I saw regardless of genre. Well one of the games I saw was Half life 1 on my brothers computer, and I was really enjoying myself (granted any game can satisfy a young kid when it comes to games) up until the chapter power up. The chapter started with you falling down this pipe and you are in a room full of boxes (yay loot). It wasn't until you head down the only hallway and you turn the corner to see a huge monster burning down marines. Now when I saw this thing at my age I was afraid AF, however I pushed myself to try and finish this chapter while getting scared by the monster's screaming throughout the level. Well turns out all of it was for nothing because In order to finish the chapter you much run down this long hallway BEHIND THE GIANT FUCKING MONSTER. I tried once AND only once, after I froze of hearing his footsteps behind as I ran for my life. My young self turned off the game and I never came back to the game for at least 7 years. 
As a side note I have beaten the game and enjoyed it.
Omg her story.
My batteries ran low in the flooded basement, so I was mostly left in the pitch black, only listening for the enemies trying to avoid and every once in a while just flash up the night vision to check where to go and turn it off again right away. It was hellish. Still, Alien: Isolation was pretty much the scariest game I've ever played. In Outlast, you could run ... In A:I, you could try to ...
turok for the n64 was my first nope, I'm done game. I have no tolerance for suspenseful anything let alone scary. The noises the creatures made was all it took to scare me out of that game that coupled with the fact I only had a melee weapon, but I'm completely fine with this I can handle a bit of suspense but not to much.(heck i couldn't even finish death note i really want to finish it there's just to much suspense)
Wolfenstein 3-D (my older brother got it, and I was too young/just as much of a coward as I still am)--the AI Nazis would come to where you were from different spots on the map, and you could hear the different room doors opening and closing as they moved around. The problem was that the designers didn't think to make doors slamming in the distance quieter than ones close by, so you constantly heard the click-click, click-click of doors opening and closing and you never knew if they were on the other side of the level or if you would find a roomful of Nazis the next time you opened a door. Still creeps me out just to think about it.
..... I beat the master quest ocarina of time without a walk-through and found it easier than the original....  Water Temple was easy for me and I still don't understand why everyone had trouble with it
I am going way back... I used to watch my dad play Jurassic Park on the Nintendo (with the massive cartridges!) and was terrified every time he walked in to a previously unexplored room and was immediately attacked by a Raptor! I both loved watching him play the game and hated it. But I did keep watching and enjoyed watching him beat the game.
how many hours will this take to get through
Bioshock, the plastered splicers in the flooded basement. You walk through an empty room, pick up a tonic, and turn around to see that they have silently infiltrated the room and then stopped to wait. Nearly jumped out of my skin, didn't play for a week.
Wait is there really no guaranteed way to finish P.T.? I borrowed my brothers PS4 and he had it installed so I played it for the first time about a month ago following the first guide I found online and was able to finish it exactly how it was proposed to. Did I actually get lucky or is this statements just wrong?
😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
I couldn’t even make it to the Otherworld when my younger self first played Silent Hill. The noises in the locker room freaked me out so much that I had to turn it off and hide the disk in a drawer under my socks until it was time to return it to the video rental store. I eventually bought the game, made it through and it’s one of my favorite games of all time now, but there was a time... I totally related with you Jane.
What about Subnautica? You're swimming around, minding your own business, when all of a sudden 1 of 3 things happen: Your Seamoth is turned around and rocked around like a toy, you hear a roar that is coming from right next to you, or you hear a little purring sound then you see a red and yellow demon in your face that just flat out explodes. These get many players, even vets. One time I was next to the lava castle in my PRAWN suit, looking out for Seadragons, and one roars directly below me, that's right, there is a glitch in the game where the leviathans can accidentally go through the map and hang out, luckily, they can't come back. When the incident happened I immediately passed my game for a solid five minutes, about to hit that glorious exit button.
The Last of Us. There was a part where you go to a dark, partially flooded basement area. The exit has an electric lock, so you have to start this generator to power it, but it makes noise that draws in a massive horde of infected. But you also need to find a key card before you can get through. And then there is a Bloater between you and the exit. And they are all right behind you as you franticly scramble to open that door. I barely made it through, saved my game, and never returned to it.
One childhood memory here: Monkey Island 3, when you were in blood island and had to "release" Charles DeGoulash from the hotel...
My older sister and I got the zelda game together..she never let me play. Til we got to the water temple, then she made me do it. X.x I have a knack for how things should go, good at mazes, etc. But still..didn't enjoy it.
In Silent Hill 3, whilst exploring the mall, I found myself in a restroom. There's one stall in there that has a closed door and you can knock on it. Unfortunately, something knocks back. Not really wanting to deal with a toilet monster, I chose to walk away. That was when the door creaked open and I nearly had a heart attack. Now, nothing actually came out of that toilet to try to kill me, but I was so freaked out by the incident that I had to take a long break before I was willing to continue playing. The rest of the game could hard, stressful, and flat out scary, but nothing else terrified me like that empty toilet.
Let's not forget about RE 7's near entire first chapter. Mia disappearing from the basement only to crawl up the stairs exorcism style, Jack baker popping up and knocking my a** out I almost crapped myself, then after you try to juke him and he makes a convenient hole in the wall right in front of you, that's always nice. I nearly threw my controller, not out of fear but rage. I had had ENOUGH of being made a fool of in the first hour from the wannabe Houdini family. Let's also remember TEW2 when you had to go through gas In first person with cloudy Vision. Every little noise made me jump sure but being suddenly ambushed by a zombie made me fling the controller and screech.
Resident evil when the giant spider or spiders were 🔛 the ceiling. Not sure how many... I never played pay that point. Wouldn't even walk all the way into the room.
As of late I've been finding myself more easily scareable. I used to be seriously relaxed when playing horror games most of the time. But now I found myself startled when encountering enemies in the 2nd silent hill game. It's not the first time I've played it, either.
I keep wondering what Janes' major was in college. Art History? Philosophy?
This was quite some time ago but what really got be was conkers bad fur day. There was this scary zombie level. Fist time I've ever dealt with scary parts in a game and my poor mind couldn't handle the sounds of crying babies. I spent a long time just freaked out and standing in a tomb stone just outside the scary mansion refusing to go further
Queen Vanessa in Hat in Time!
Why does Andy look like a smaller Michael Bisping? Is that just me or am I going crazy?
The suffering is probably the first horror game I ever finished, such a fantastic game. Although I do have to give a shoutout to the bottom of the well in OOT, talk about traumatizing children.
There's exactly 2 times in my life where I remember actually getting scared to a point I jumped off my seat: When I was a kid playing Friday the 13th on my C64 when the screaming splashscreen pops up and when playing Bioshock 1 I think, when you're in the foggy doctor office and you check out a desk then turn around. You know exactly what I mean if you played it.
Don't feel too bad Luke, you got farther than me as a child. The skeletons that popped up at night terrified me enough that I didn't dare cross Hyrule Field
I thought hereditary had a weird story, but the shit that happend to the little girl scarred me for life.
I tried to play The Wii Silent Hill where you have no weapons while I was 4 months pregnant.  I got so anxious running through one of those ice mazes while trying to shake of the baddies (and my 3 other children at the time were yelling at me to run) that I ended up sending myself into contractions and had to stop.  Didn't try again until 2 kids later.
Tomb Raider: Underworld. The giant octopus boss. I don’t know why, but a part of me died that day because of fear. I stopped playing the game after that because I was seriously so terrified, and I am terrified of water in video games to this day because of it. I never went back to it.
Where’s the evil within
Halo 2 was my game I didn’t play for ages. I loved the campaign up until I got to the first level with The Flood. I didn’t play Halo 1 until I went back 2 years later. I played the campaign up until that point countless times and played so much multiplayer. One day I was playing the campaign and I just didn’t quit when I got to that level. I carried on. From that point on, Halo 2 became my favourite game ever. It holds that title to this day
Mine would be resident evil 4, Had to put it down for a bit to built back up the courage to return to the room where there was no music, only soft breathing that seemed to get louder. I whipped around was met with a regenerater, panicked after I unloaded everything I had into it until I pulled the ultimate "nope" option and used the rpg. I knew I had to reload, I just needed a few days.
The Skulltulas in Ocarina of Time, the large ones that dangle down from the ceiling was what kept me from progressing as a child for months.  The noise they make when they lower down sounds like loud skittering spider legs coming STRAIGHT FOR ME.  I would pause the game and turn it off before anything could happen, never brave enough to wait and see that it was just going to dangle in place and not pursue me until much later.
The water temple? The fluffing bottom of the well! The terrifying music, the screaming zombies, the invisible pitfalls and moaning monsters. Its the worst... thing... ever...
The part that made me stop play eternal darkness when I was 13 was walking into the bathroom and having a flash cut to a dead woman sitting in the tub filled with her own blood. Took me 10 years before I returned to the eternal darkness.
I really want to give Mike a big hug... i know that feel; to Luke, i also stop playing the game, i hate underwater levels so much (i hate autoscroll underwater levels even more, but the worse would be obscure autoscroll underwater levels) and you guys make you fun of Ellen just for her survival skills... i laughed too and i feel ashamed of me. Jajajajaja... have a nice day guys, and amazing video, i love to see you guys struggling just like a normal player like us.
Another great video! Some of those clips brought back funny memories, of watching past episodes!
And it gave me an idea, for another videogame you could do. A list of games where the camera actions cause motion sickness so bad, you had to quit. That's what happened to me, of the game "Deadly Creatures" for the Wii.
To get the full aesthetic of adrenaline over fear, I used to (STUPIDLY) play OUTLAST at night time. I now sleep with my bedroom door closed.
Am I the only one who looks away when they show the spoiler warnings so I don’t spoil the games they talk about in the video?
One of my examples is my first ever solo outing with a form of Shooter. Metroid Prime for the gamecube. That... First level, really was spooky. You knew something had gone wrong, they were sending out a distress signal! But you go in, everything is damaged or near dead or dying most of your progression. You  rats and near dead space pirates... Until you get to a long diagonal elevator leading into a locked corridor with a 3 way intersection. Shortly AFTER you get off and walk a bit forward, two Pirates, fully ok, come out and attwck from nowhere. Oooh. Dropped the game for about a year.
When i was around 7 or 8 i completely quit playing Spongebob Battle for Bikini Bottom because of the giant patrick robot that vomits acid, and had nightmares about it for weeks afterward
The original Silent Hill made me quit, when I entered a corridor and this horrendous music just overwhelmed me (it was like some intense banging on a piano). I had to pause and go ‘nope!’ And then I just had to switch the console off 🙈
It made me think “there’s an enemy coming to get me, and I don’t know where it is!!”
Zelda was the same for me except it was majoras mask when you start the game and you see that deku statue just sitting there literally gave me the creeps
For me it was Undertale. I felt really bad about having to kill Tauriel my very 1st playthrough and wanted to go back & see if there was any way to save her. I was really spooked when it seemed like the game was remembering my choices though, even though I deleted my save file.THEN FLOWEY CALLS ME OUT and calls me a murderer and I was TERRIFIED!! Havent picked the game up since. It is sentient and IT IS WATCHING ME!
That moment in Silent Hill 2 when your returning to that locked room next to the barred off hallway.......*thump thump thump* "mama" looked down the hallway and I noped the heck outta there......
Seven year old me was absolutely terrified by the flood parasite in Halo CE. I was shocked when I saw the cutscene in the "343 Guilty Spark" mission and I remember running out of that Forerunner horror with my virtual legs as fast as they could carry me. Hell, I'm still terrified by the lore when I read or think about it... I didn't stop playing the game(s) though, I went on and beat the ever loving crap out of every one of those games. Legendary difficulty with all debuff skulls -- and the Grunt birthday, because I liked the cheering
Seriously guys, get rid of the bright white background, too bright at night and hurts my eyes!!!
Only game that ever really scared me to the point of leaving it for years was the original Silent Hill, going through Midwich. Most "horror" games now just frustrate me.
Yeah screw these games, the nightmares never stop, please help. Sometimes i like horror, but then it gets too much and i panic.
I love horror games but anytime i play Resident Evil i'm always so scared! Because the zombies come out of nowhere, Resident Evil Revelations was the worst one for me because im scared of boats and thinking about zombies on boats with only a flash light to see most of the time is what made that game really scary for me.
Jane, you talk about outlast right? But what about outlast 2, it was more scary than the first game because of the weird scary monster that showed up in the school hall in the demo version is in the game also I think there is like a hut that have a basement that full with babies corpses.... (Also being spotted by a ghost like woman that hunting you with a sycthe and then she screamed and chasing after you, that giving me nightmare) (•-• )
Really?  The hanging man and the head falling off, but no mention of the bathroom?
The water temple....was scary. The WATER temple.... I'll admit it was annoying, but scary? Not so much. Shadow Temple was scarier for me as a kid. I used to be scared of graveyards. Enough said.
The first appearance of the Little Mermaid in Playdead’s INSIDE. A quiet little jumpscare.
But why does outsidexbox use an image in the thumbnail of a ps4 exclusive?
I remember when I was playing Lego Star Wars II and I was unlocking characters, I decided to unlock Bib Fortuana, which is the pink guy who greets C3PO and R2 at Jabba's palace. I unlocked him, saw his scary mini figure face, and turned off the console in fear.
When I was little I watched someone play the first resident evil and when you come across a zombie eating one of your buddies and it does a close up of this terrifying bloodstained zombie, I had nightmares for ages and don't like zombies even now!
I remember being very young and my sisters, cousins and i were at my grans. They were playing “Sherlock Holmes: The Mystery of the Mummy” and being the bratty child i was, I complained until i got a turn, despite them telling me I shouldn’t play it. Eventually they let me, and i had to get an item from a crack in a mirror (i think?). So interacting with the mirror started a cutscene where you look in the mirror and the doors behind you swing open and the mummy is standing there. I freaked out and to this day hate being able to see doors in mirrors. I also hate being in empty public bathrooms because of silent hill 2.
Five nights at Freddy's, I didn't even get past the first night. I hate foxy!
Banjo-Kazooie. Clanker's Cavern. For some reason doing anything underwater in that game absolutely terrified me. Clanker's Cavern was the worst case, I wasn't able to get more than a few Jiggies in there because I couldn't stand being underwater. The point that I had to quit and come back later was when I tried to turn the key, and ended up drowning. I didn't give it another try until about a year later. Then I discovered Rusty Bucket Bay, and it all came rushing back to me all at once...
You are all better than me... I generally don't play horror games. If a horror game catches my interest, I grab my friend, who also hates playing horror games, tell her about it, go through a bunch of trailer footage together to see how we handle, then either split the cost to by it for us to never beat together, or realize we're just not going to be able to get through it, and watch a no commentary walkthrough of it (we also don't care much for "let's play" videos)... Yes we'll do that together too... because there's no way we'd be able to get through the videos alone. We are  pathetic when it comes to horror and suspense, yet we don't dislike the genre and still want to enjoy the scares from time to time.
Those freaking zombies from Oblivion😱, they never stopped me from playing, but they freaked me out for ages.
You forgot five nights at freddy
It was a recent-ish Doom game for the PC. Lights Down, surround sound and a lot of huge waist high spiders, being an arachnophobe, in a game that is so dark I could barely see. Nope. Nope. Nope.
The first dead space. I had a toaster of a PC and was just playing on low settings. All the necromorphs looked like naked old men (almost) running at me. I noped out within the first 15 minutes.
I think the only time I recall being truly terrified in a video game was when the Ghostbusters game for XBox came out, with all the original actors voicing there roles (it was only a few years before Harold Ramis passed away), and you are plying a rookie ghost buster trying to find out what the head of the EPA (Peck) is up to. Now, in the first or second mission, you revisit the Sedgwick Hotel, and you go up to the 13th floor--which suddenly manifested without explanation, since no hotel has a listed 13th floor. Anyway, the party has split up; you're hunting an absolutely creepy fisherman ghost, and the closer you get to him, the more the halls begin to twist in upon themselves and rooms turn into undiscovered polygon shapes, and you start to get this sense of vertigo about halfway through the mission--my claustrophobic was kicked up to 11 here. There are several jump-scares with busted pipes or poltergeist like activity, but the part that did it for me was the "tidal wave" that manifested in the tight, cluttered hallway. My memory says you are supposed to run and jump onto a ledge to avoid drowning, but I am like 90% certain that was just my brain trying to compensate for all the adrenaline pumping through my system at the time. Needless to say, I never made it to the fisherman's ghost. I put the game down and never picked it up again.
I am truly glad I wasent the only kid who freaked out over those wolves in Tomb Raider 😂😂😂
I’m not much for horror games, but the basement level of last of us freaked me out
Love the Silent Hill 1 theme
Everyone talks about the piano jump scare in Mario 64, but nobody EVER mentions the first time that you see the giant eel in Jolly Rodger Bay. Always uneasy in that stage from then on out.
Yeah as a kid I was terrified easily but most notable was blood rayne and second sight, in blood rayne in the first house the zombies sounds scared me and it was a short short rent. Second sight I was just scared of the look of the protagonist in the beginning. Don't get me started on jaws and be being afraid of sharks but I'll answer that if people ask.
Fallout 3 with one of the Vaults with the Garys in it. Just a really scary vault for me and I encountered like two of them in the dark and I just turned off the console and never played Fallout 3 again.
Uncharted: Drake's Fortune. The Bunker chapter took me by surprise by its horror-ish Outlast-like ambiance, narrow labyrinth-like corridors of a u-boat and horrifying monsters that swarm you and one-hit kill you. It was so horrifying, tense and nerve-wrecking, considering the rest of the game is a light and goofy Indiana Jones-like adventure, I had to stop playing for a few hours to get my shit together.
Used to play horror games exclusively. Then I played Doki Doki Literature Club. Haven't played a horror game since.  Steam wishlist list is full of games I'll never play. Now I just watch the oxBoxtra team to scratch my video game itch.
Definitely with Jane on Outlast. Although, I love horror, that basement sequence terrified me to the point I let him kill me and subsequently never played the game again. EVER! 😭
Back when finding Herobrine myth was rampant back in the day, I had a copy of Minecraft for the Xbox 360, it was fun! However I didn't have my Xbox 360 plugged up to internet. Then I started watching YouTube videos and came across the Herobrine myths. What made it worse was I had an old version, so they didn't "remove Herobrine" yet. I stopped playing at night and for a while.
I’m surprised that neither of Ellen’s moments involved spiders. I’m also an arachnophobe and a lot of the games I couldn’t complete are due to spider encounters.
Doki doki literature club
PS1 Spiderman, the final fight against the doc oc/carnage hybrid was terrifying. Used to just shut the console off at that point. Still haven't beaten the game
...and THAT, ladies and gentlemen, was "7 moments so scary, they made us stop playing." Now, it's time for: "1 video so boring I have never skipped so much.".... oh wait....
Pink Panther: Passport to Peril! I was a young and happy child and right in the beginning, you have to go down to a basement to search for materials, and for no reason, a mechanical hand drags itself on the ground in front of you and you can't move until it passes. I nopped out of the game faster than I could say "Pink".
What... No talk of The suffering?? The random phones ringing and then it being ur dead wife or child calling out to u..... that made me stop playing games for WEEKS!! That game is messed up!!
Really! The water temple? When I was young, I would play demos in the stores and one was Zelda. The first time I reached the top of the duku tree...That giant spider made me drop the controller and stop playing for weeks.
I scare very easily but I like playing horror games. All the time I’m like “What was that? What is this? What’s going on? Nope, I’m leaving this area!”
In resident evil 7 at the very start I was walking through the house with that tv crew and was walking back to the kitchen area when I saw a silhouette of what I thought was a big tall man. I didn't move my guy for a solid 5 minutes because I knew something would jump out at me. After plucking up the courage I pretend sprinted at the guy only to find out it was a coat rack that from a distance due to the lighting in the game made it seem like a man. I was so scared and relieved I just started laughing at myself😂
I remember watching my older sister play a Nancy Drew game on the computer, and it was a ghost mystery I think. There is a ghost, on the top floor, and you go down the stairs, to the first floor, to take a phone call. It had a very creepy voice, and I remember we were to scared to finish it.
Omg Ellen I did the exact same thing in Lara Croft. I didn't know where to go and was petrified from the wolves, I was a kid at the time too aswell kind of freaky that there's a chance it was at almost the same time
I really to this day do not see why people bitched about the water temple and called it hard? i figured it out on my own no help. It was pretty damn easy. You just had to use your brain.
Here's a long one: I had just built my PC. While it wasn't the first time I owned one, it was the first time I had built a PC from scratch. It was around  2010, the new Pentiums i7's had come out and I dropped $1k on the processor alone (I wanted a computer I would not have to worry about upgrading for at leadt 7 years). So I spent a careful two days making sure I did everything right, put it together, loaded everything on it, and installed my first game: Batman-Arkham Asylum. I was playing through it when I get to the point where (unbeknown to me at the time) I get hit with the Scarecrow's fear gas. The game, to simulate the effect for you, has the game emulate the process of a computer dying from it's processor and video card going bad. I had a full on meltdown thinking that I had taken the three grand I had spent on this system only to turn it into a brick. The game pulls a "haha, gotcha" moment then. After this, I proceed to shut the game down and immediately uninstall it. I didn't look at it for another 2 years or so. That, for me, is the worst video game panic moment that caused me to quit a game.
I'm an aracnaphobe so any game w spiders I just stop playing
For me there was one part in the first epic Micky game for the Wii right near the start that was both frustrating and creepy and that was this one area that had a few rides with some parts missing because of thinner where there is this whole horde of enemies which you have to destroy or purify and just all of them coming at you plus the frustration of purifying most of the enemies only to constantly have one left that somehow always killed me was enough to make me quit and I have never touched that game since I think I was either 9 or 10 at the time
silent hill 3 or 4, train station where u see the giant head of your neighbor
So we're not gonna talk about when Uncharted went from average adventuring game to zombie horror survival? I knocked over my couch screaming the first time those things came out!
At least y’all got farther than me in Silent Hill. I couldn’t get past the first few minutes (with its horrible controls). Lol
Oh THAT flooded basement!? C'mon, Jane! I thought you were talking about the one where Walker is stalking you in the pitch black knee deep water and you have to find the ladder, but you can't see more than 10 ft in front of you.
You have Eternal Darkness, the best horror game ever, and the memory card deletion isn't the scurry part? Really though for me I dont get scared by games. Even things like FEAR are more comical to me. Anyway for me it was buying any early PS2 game because they could be the ones with blue discs. Always felt like playing Russian Roulette with the game and when it failed it sounded like your ps2 was being damaged.
For me twas 1996 and the 1st time the Hunter showed up in Resident Evil on the PSX. Up to that point zombies were hard to kill but 13-year-old me  had gotten the hang of it, and also ran past them. Going back to the Mansion... what is this lizard thing...? Lemme put a few bullets into it and get th... [slash jump from hunter, Jill Valentine's head chopped off]. Pupils widen. Last save was a tad away...  ok. Its late. Ill try again tomorrow. Tomorrow came. TV on, press power. White screen with orange PSX diamond comes on, PSX Logo...Loading... and then I just get up, hit the power switch on the console and decided to read a Donald Duck comic. A good 6 months went by before I decided to beat the game.
as a 7 year old playing the original uncharted game the weird demon things that worshipped the statue scared the shit out of me and literally made me not play the gain again until i was 14
In Mario 64 the giant eel in the water level terrified me as a kid and because of it i cant enter water in ANY game in fear of something coming out to eat me
My most terrifying memory related to gaming was when I got a corrupted save file
Im only afraid of andy
ok i want to know the comenters choice, for me it was amnesia the dark decent, the first time an enemy ran by i noped out of there promising me i would come back some day, and i dont know whats worst, that i still have it installed despite cahnging computers in these few years or tha i havent returned despite knowing now that that enemy is just an ilusion that could not harm you what so ever that the game trows at you for no reason.
My scary moment was in Dino Crisis on the PS1 when I was a kid. As soon as the first velociraptor showed up in the gated area with me I, "Noped!" out of there and hit the power button.
No hollows from DS3 that scream when you pick up an item? They always get me if I'm not prepared/remember them.
I love your videos, thank you!!!
I played Eternal Darkness and that game stressed me out so much when the save data started deleting itself on the game I almost really lost it!!!! So scary!
Don't think any of you will have played this but 'the house' game online was probably the scariest game I ever played. I was in primary school (around like 10-11 years old) and my class mates were huddled around a computer in school playing this scary horror game and I thought meh doesn't look to bad and decided I wanted to play it myself. I went home that day and played it arounf 7 o'clock or whenever it was dark at the time alone with one light on. I don't think I actually stopped playing it and managed to get through it all in one go but after I finished it, it was probably the only time in my life I was afraid to go to sleep and that continued for like 5 or 6 nights before I went and got help from my mum who managed to help me sleep because she's an absolute angel. To date it's probably the most scared I've ever been in my life and I never want to revisit it (unless you guys want to do a let's play of it which I'd probably watch cause Andy would make me feel so much better about myself)😊
I'm here for the Eternal Darkness love.
I would gladly be in same room to experience Ellen play Alien isolation
Dying light. Seeing the volatile for the first time.
Jane; if I were in night vision I'd look terrifying
cut to Jane in night vision looking, admittedly, less adorable than normal, but nonetheless, adorable
the original Halo: when the flood are introduced.
At the beginning of the level, there are few enemies but tons of implications to get you thinking, until you get to said scene, where there there is some creepy pounding in the background and you are greeted with the corpse of a marine and all hell breaks loose.
really want to see a ellen andy alien isolation play through
Amnesia the dark descent. Played it with all the lights on, in the middle of the afternoon with birds chirping outside and still couldn't handle the atmosphere. Never finished that one. Also could we have an Ellen plays alien isolation stream 😋
It was my first foray into State of Decay 2 when, fresh off of finding a new base to start my zombie survival adventure, I did take the military girl on a solo excursion to destroy my first Plague Heart. The seemingly endless hitpoints and enemies saw my character getting weaker and weaker. I tried to escape but she nearly died from exhaustion and zombies. I was certain I'd lose her. Even finally beating the Heart did not restore any confidence I had in keeping my characters alive- so I stopped playing to spare myself the pain of losing anyone. I have a similar fear with Bomber Crew
The last game I had this kind of reaction to was Shadowrun on the Genesis. The first time I tried to find something in the Salish-Sidhe wilderness, I got blindsided by monsters so hard that I became extremely reluctant to ever go back there, again.
I like scary games (but not the jump scary games, they are less scary and more just exhausting to play, like Outlast) so i do not think i ever quited a game becouse of that. But there are some that i will never forget becouse of the spooky atmosphere. Like the first Thief and its haunted cathedral, or the third one with the spooky orphanage, first Dead Space with all the cool monsters and your character wife (if you played it you know, creepy :P). 
But the one i wanted to talk about here is one i did not see in comments yet,   System Shock 2.   It is not technicaly a horror game but you are all alone on a space ship with only one person to help you ... or so you think :P With all the strange creatures, crazy AIs and disturbing audio logs you may forget it was basicly an rpg/fps game :P You are rarely safe or feel safe, the atmosphere of lonelyness and isolation was so overwhelming. And don't forget SHODAN and The Many, so creepy yet so intriguing. Just hearing them with their unique voices, or the emotionless voice of XERXES the ship main AI was enough to send a shiver down my spine. I say it offten but i will say it again, if you never played that game do it now :)
Not a game I played but a game I watched someone else play. The original Resident Evil. I was far too young to be anywhere near that game. As soon as that cut scene plays with the very first zombie turning it’s head and just staring you down I noped out of there. I’ve been terrified of zombies ever since. 

Fast forward 19 years and I’m now playing Resident Evil for the first time, trying to get over my fear of zombies by completing the game that started it all.
I love Luke's view on games. The other day how he felt after besting Sekiro. Now the existential dread of the water temple. It's easy to say, scary game scared me but the man goes for something deeper.
Stop using emojis in vids
Start System Shock 2. Play until the first monster comes after you. Hear it shuffling towards you. Hear it whispering "Please kill meeeeee." Stop playing System Shock 2.


That's pretty much how I play it every time.
In the days after I watched Hereditary I always checked the corners on the ceiling to make sure no one was hanging there about to pounce on me. It was awful :/
That bit in Bioshock Infinite. I forgot all about it when I replayed the game and got super scared again.
Manaan from Knight of the Old Republic. I am very afraid of deep water and large things in the water, and once the game asked me to put on a dive suit and exit the underwater facility, I stopped playing for an entire year.
As a kid, I was easily scared.  I mean, I had the phobia of lightning and thunderstorms, but I think the very worst thing that terrified me as a kid, was playing Adventures of the Magic Kingdom on the NES.  

There's this haunted house, that holds 9999 ghosts.  (At least that's as far as I remember..) And it wants you as the 10,000th one.  As a part of curiosity, I jumped and smacked the ghoul and instantly died.  Now, when this happens, Mickey is supposed to appear, wag a finger and say "I'm sorry, but you'll have to try again."  

NO!

That GHOUL appeared suddenly, scaring the living shit out of me, and said "I'm sorry, but YOU'LL have to try again."  
I played the first Silent Hill while temporarily living in an RV.  Alone.  With no lights.  And the sound running through the RV speakers.  Including unconnected, strange noises coming from the back bedroom area.  Alone.  With speakers in the window behind me.  Alone.  With no lights.


I think that's when my first gray hair started coming in.
Metroids have been making me uncomfortable for the last 32 years.
Scariest moments for me: the atmospheric sounds all throughout Shadowgate 64: Trials of the Four Towers and Moira Asylum in Thief.
i dont know why but i laughed when the girls head fell off and was reciting hamlet
This one time, in an OXBox video, they showed us what Jane looks like in night vision. Terrifying.
I played Dead Space all day the first time I played it. Got to the part where you meet the first Divider, heard that moan, saw his shadow on the wall in front of me, went, "NOPE!" turned the game off and went to bed. :)
I remember Cry of Fear.  I got it cause it was free, and stopped after the intro sequence when you're walking through a black void and opening doors that get further and further.  And that one damn jumpscare got me good, not because it was unexpected but because I knew it was coming and I had to push on.  After that I screamed in the library I was playing in, and just couldn't play it again to this day.
The one game that I can think of that I totally noped out of for pure fear is Subnautica. I absolutely love the game, it's gorgeous, has an amazing way to tell the story, and such cool mechanics BUT it terrifies me. I have tried to finish it several times now but once you get real deep in the ocean, where everything is super dark and all the creatures make horrible sounds, I just can't. 

On a side note, I want some found footage tips from Jane! My favorite of the last few years is As Above So Below, filmed in the Paris catacombs :D
How about an episode of cheesing the reload system for loot or farming. My favorite was in BL 2 in the beatdown bar, you could go straight to the 2 red chests where you get moxxi if you hadn’t beat the campaign yet.
Did we?
My biggest moment I remember, was in Silent Hill 4. The first time I saw one of those baby faced, gorilla things, not sure what they're called. I turned around, walked out, paused the game and went outside for a walk.
night vision makes people scary thermal makes life scary your blind except for things that produce heat and dont hide it
Oof. Penumbra, at the very beginning, when the door you need to open gets slammed into from the other side. I noped tf out, uninstalled, never returned. For the first TR, when you reach the temple from the water with the two centaur statues on either side. Lift yourself up, go to approach the door, centaur statue comes to life. Scared the beejesus out of me.
I generally do not jump or get scared while playing games.  One game, however, gave me genuinely the biggest scare of my life.  Rescue on Fractalus circa 1984.  Having landed on the planet's surface, the downed pilot you are attempting to rescue walks to the ship and bangs on the hatch.  Occasionally the pilot would not be a human but a Jaggi who would put up onto the forward view in a menacing pose.  The first time this happened I literally jumped out of my chair and thought I was having a heart attack.
@ 03:37 scared me!!!
Once upon a time back in... 2006, I think, I was 10 years old and had dug out a box full of pirated PS1 games from our attic. They were all just blank white discs with the game's title written on them. Among those games was a game called Silent Hill. The title alone was enough to get me interested. I booted the game up and went in 100% blind. It was only when I got through the door that required three keys and it went dark for the second time and the spooky music kicked in, that I realized I was playing a horror game. I then got to the school. And I just couldn't get myself to progress because it was so dark and quiet, and I was scared that something would pop out and scare me. But it never happened. At least not until I was standing idle in one of the halls when I swear to Christ I heard the sound of a grandfather clock ringing. That gave me such a shock that I instantly turned the game off and didn't go back to it for at least a year. Ah, good times.
The difference in the hunters of resident evil 1.  Theres resident evil then there's resident evil director's cut. I used to watch my neighbor play it on (90's) big screen tv (im like 5 at this time) and thought it was the coolest ever.  Anyways. The hunters in the reg. RE1 were these blotchy lookin things and didnt scare me. Not to long later i get RE1: Director's Cut and the hunters took on the form they have now (lizard monsters) jumping and slashing everywhere.  Think that was the first time i ever thought "thank god i didnt save recently"
my mom plays tomb raider non stop my favorite thing that happened watching my mom was one of the people on the game kept walking into a wall and couldnt stop walking into the wall. i laughed really hard and i play on ps3 while my mom now plays on a ps4 and my brother plays xbox-one with x-box live. my dad doesnt play much.
Count yourself lucky Jane. For the first ever Silent Hill boss, they could have gone with Abstract Daddy...
Great video guys.
No clips of Andy's nervous singing scary game coping technique?
Truthfully- I've never finished the Water Temple or Ocarina of Time either...
This length was BEAUTIFUL !! Perfect for work
The title summarizes Anthem's release.
I've watched (and loved) your videos for years and never left a comment, but I HAD to stop and comment on this because I know exactly what my moment is.

One night I started playing the demo for the original Prey on my 360 (so you can tell how long ago THAT was), and you start the demo in this old country bar and everything's normal. Then, all of a sudden, everything starts shaking and there are lights flashing outside, and then you realize that you're being abducted by an alien spaceship. So you're on the ship and being pulled through these dark and atmospheric corridors, and the music is SUPER ominous. I remember that I was slowly rounding a corner just as the music was reaching a serious crescendo, the absolute height of tension. And then... my power went out, and the TV went dead and I was left in total darkness IRL. I never went back and finished the demo after that moment, I STILL have no idea what's around that corner.
I love how existential the fear Luke describes is - It's not that he was "scared" of the water temple, it sounds like it filled him with dread. Fascinating!
I was actually disappointed in the Master Quest version of Water Temple because of how much more challenging the original was.
Scariest game, Andy? Scarier than alien isolation?
sekiro shadows die twice, the giant snake.
Ah yes the content I am alive for
For me it's the first 10 minutes of outlast.
The first time I played Fatal Frame, seeing the blind maiden ghost's face suddenly appear on the screen made me drop my controller and cry out, "OH DEAR CHRIST!"  Once I got ahold of myself afterwards, I slowly moved Miku over to the save point camera, saved my progress, turned off the game, and took a loooooong break from it.
The scariest part of Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem was the times it made you think you had erased save data and quit or your gamecube crashed.
So horror games gives the characters a sanity meter to track their mental state. Then it creates a hidden player sanity meter, the depletion of which results in game abandonment. Interesting.
I think the first game that made me stop playing for a while out of fear is Resident Evil on the PS1. Upon re-entering the mansion through the back door I was almost immediately beheaded by the razor sharp claws of a previously unencountered massive reptile thing (I later learned this was called a Hunter). Absolutely terrified 15 year old me.
I was watching my brother play uncharted 1 and theres a part with these small monster things that you have to run from. I saw them and just said nope and never even played the first game. I started on the second
I was doing rather well in Alien: Isolation until my wife thought it’d be funny to put on the soundtrack to John Carpenter’s “The Thing”. After that, I was like, “NOPE!” X_X
My scary moment game was "Evidence: The Last Ritual"... It was a creepy enough game with the first bit of game play was a puzzle where a distressed woman in a video points out a secret message written on her body but the part that made me never pick it up again was when I went and had dinner and came back to three emails in my real world email account from the serial killer in game taunting me for taking too long on his puzzles. The emails persisted for about a year after I stopped playing.
This actually happened to me with outlast! After i got throne of the balcony by that big guy i stopped playing. Funny thing is it was my roommates game so i never got to get back to it, or at least that is what i like to tell myself
My moment - "Only Monika" from Doki Doki Literature Club
Outlast is terrifying.  The point i put it down was when you have to crawl past the wheel chair man twice and the second time you crawl past him he grabs you and that part just killed my brain
That moment Nemesis jumps through the window at the RCPD in RE3.... I found out that was just 1/5th of the game about a year later...
praise the sun Jane \[T]/
I gave up at the exact same bit of Tomb Raider on the PS1! Couldn't cope, was forever changed 😱
The water temple was my favorite in Zelda
I'm glad i'm not the only one that was feeling afraid with the Water Temple lol
Bioshock.. I just couldn't. The atmosphere. I made it to the big daddy intro scene and just put the game the away. Lol. When YouTube game plays became a thing I sat down and watched it.
Jane looking so dang cute today
Resident Evil 4's fish boss monster definitely made me stop playing. I was playing it with my friend who had already beaten it, and he told me to shoot the water for points or ammo or whatever, and like a trusting goon, I fired as many bullets as I could into the lake.
Next thing I know, my Virtual Leon is fish food, and on the "You Are Dead" screen I yelled "no, YOU'RE DEAD!!"
And that's when I threw my controller on the floor and went into my closet and had myself a little cry.
It's not really a horrific scary moment, but I was playing Hellblade:Senua's Sacrifice, and the moment the game told me I'd have to restart if she died had me going 'nope' because I do not have that much confidence in my abilities to stay alive in that game haha.
Age 7 I managed to traumatise myself in Croft Manor. I had found out from a magazine how to do a swan dive into a pool, and was curious to know what happened if you did it from high up onto solid ground. I learnt a lot about fall damage that day, as well as the visceral crunching noise Lara makes when she hits the deck.
I was able to stomach my own fear playing Alien Isolation, shoving it down deep to keep enjoying the great atmosphere and cool design of the game (for a good long while anyhow). That, by no means, infers I was not afraid. I was not however, able to overcome my fear playing Amnesia: The Dark Decent and I quit relatively early on, right after escaping from in infamous "Water Monster". The difference a little more agency within the game (the prospect of knowing I might eventually be able to fight back) made was night and day.
I don’t like scary things
> "Luke and Ellen make an appearance!"
> See Tomb Raider in the spoilers
I wonder who's experience, that is.
Subnautica. I was loving it, splashing around in the watery water and murderating fish to dehydrate and eat, but as you progress you have to dive deeper and deeper. There was something I had to retrieve from a very deep pod or something and I couldn't do it. Partly the darkness, partly the air meter and partly a friend who was telling me about the massive horrible beasties he'd encountered in the deeps. I floated above the waypoint for a while and then noped out.
Man the worst moment I had was when I was 10 years old paying Halo: Combat Evolved with my uncle. The first 5 missions if you know only feature the covenant but when I first encountered the flood [me not liking zombies at the time] basically crapped my pants and didn't complete the entire game until I was 14. The music on the library was the worst track to pair with spoopy space zombies :/
The "Star Trek Online" episode "Beneath the Surface" was meant to be a sort of Halloween episode with a really creepy vibe, the sound of people being murdered, etc. And to top it off, there was a really creepy voice going "Bonnie-kins, bonnie-kins, dressed in red. Bonnie-kins, bonnie-kins, now you're dead!" [maniacally laughs until he starts choking]
Castlevania II in one of the towns that you you get to late in the game, after traveling through some of the worst areas with the most powerful enemies there are hardly any people. You find one house with nothing in it. You use your holy water to destroy the false walls and floors and you make your way down. What is waiting for you? A new weapon? An upgrade for your crystal? A special secret to help you find the next part of Dracula?
An old man sitting by himself staring at the wall who only says, “If you look into the Death Star, you will die.”
Sorry but Bioshock
Id say that Outlast and Alien Isolation are the two games that i find scariest
JANE I knew there is a reason why you are my favorite! Mine is resident evil 3.  Burn in hell Nemesis!!!!
Not a game, of course, but did anyone else immediately think of "Roger Rabbit" when the phone voice said "Do you remember me, Alex?" I was waiting for it to go full Judge Doom "When I killed your brother? I talked! Just! LIKE! THIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS!"
And then there is me: who gives any game that says 'may contain traces of scare' a wide berth. Very wide. I only know these games because OxBox keeps mentioning them.
Silent Hilll is overrated and Outlast, although a good game, relies on jump scares too much
I leave alien because its desesperating that you cant Hurt the alien...... And the scary thing jaja.
Eternal darkness is the best.
One that i could not finish without the support of YouTube was dead space one
Luke, you mentioned the Water Temple in Ocarina of Time. I was terrified of the Forrest Temple in Ocarina of Time as a child. The lighting of the temple wasn't embracing and what didn't help either was the hands that dropped from the ceiling very unwarranted. I didn't manage to finish the game till the 3DS remake because the lighting was better and because I grew out of the fear.
Yes, absolutely, this WAS amazing! My time was when I was ten and first played Majora’s Mask and you first meet the mask salesman. When he got angry I was almost done right there. I persevered until the Deku Mask was put on for the first time, and like that, didn’t touch it for 4 years. Terrifying scream and visuals, mask salesman and deku face still frighten me.
I'm constantly distracted thinking of how awesome the silent Hill music is
I played the evil dead game when I was about 6 and barely got an hour in before I took it out and put it in the freezer.
I’m seeing a lot of good ideas for your next Halloween stream
Alien Isolation let's play with ellen. It must happen x)
There are 2 for, both from my early childhood. I do actually believe it was the 2 first games I owned: Ratchet & Clank, and Ty the tasmanian tiger.
In Ratchet & Clank you fairly early go to a place called the Blarg Tactical Research Station (BTS), and it was absolutely mortifying. Weird & oppressive layout & music, freakish experiments, enemies dropping in from from the ceiling á la jumpscare, objectives with time limits, and to top it all of: the games first boss. The 2016 remake didn't even come close of achieving the same oppressive feeling. Although, to be fair, the whole game failed to capture the original uneasiness of the original. I did eventually overcome BTS with the help of a friend, with is more than the other game.
In Ty, the second boss is a giant mechanized shark named Crikey. Never made it past it. And now, when I want to finish the game, I cant get it to work with Steam. FML
Luke should be proud. He got much further than I did in Ocarina of Time. I played until you enter the Great Tree and then there are giant skull spiders that make horrible scratchy rattly sounds before dropping on you with their horrible skull bodies and I said: "Nope! I'm done! Never coming back here ever again!"
So I'm not one for horror games, but I LOVED Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem. It was scary as hell, but so much fun. I loved the storyline, too, and how you had to play through the game four times with increasing difficulty (if you chose your colors in the right order: blue, green, red, purple) to get the good "true" ending. That said, the head reciting hamlet is the one sanity break I never got. No, instead I got the blue screen of death, and the corrupted save file ones.
Let’s play of Ellen and Andy doing alien isolation please
The first time I saw the flood in The OG halo, I got my brother to finish the mission for me. haha.
Amnesia: Dark Decent is my scariest game. And since there was a expansion to the first Amnesia game and a second Amnesia game, it technically counts as a series!
The mansion level from A Hat in Time though.... The game is relatively new and I'm by now a responsible adult but imagine if you picked up the game when you are like 7 years old because it looks adorable and wholesome and then you play and it's all nice and dandy until you get to that level. I cannot prove it but I am thoroughly convinced that there's just a plethora of traumatized little kids out there....
In regards to the Water Temple part about the underwater atmosphere, I have a very big fear of both the ocean and the things inside of it. And it's because of my fear that I stopped halfway into Assassins Creed 4 because of the diving bell missions and the hunting bits.



And I still haven't completed it fully, even if it's been a good 5 years or so since I got it.
for me: Amnesia the Dark Descend. and there are multiple scary moments there but the top 3 scary one i´d say would be
1. The first time you are introduced with the Gatherer
2. The first time you are introduced with the Water Monster where you had to do that stupid platform game and distract the monster by tossing limbs in the water, which it eats
3. When you are in your personal room in the Castle to look for a key and then the Gatherer starts smashing in the door.
Hey Outside Xbox now that Xbox and Playstation are working together, can we have a special collaboration between you and Playstation Access 😁👍
Now why was Mike not part of this? Surely there's something that scared him.

...Challenge accepted.
You guys are great and remind me of the kid side of me. I've been with you guys for 2 Christmas challenges.
In night vision you just look like Prudence.
Why all of you look tired with eye bags? Looks like you had a nightmare last night and add into the mix you were told to make a video about scary moments that you actually quit after... Must be tough.

Come to think of it I remember my story. I was a teenager I guess when Doom 3 was just several months out. Being a hardcore fan of Doom 1 & 2 I told myself that I have to play Doom 3. No exceptions. No I knew it was different than earlier parts. I kinda saw my brothers playing it but only caught a small glimpse nothing scary or anything. So there I am one evening starting it on all by myself. Start of the so far so good. I am walking around in the base, full of people nice. Don't really feel alone. I get told to get somewhere to laboratory or something I can't remember. Either way I get there and I do remember looking at monitors when stuff goes down. A freaking flying skull or something came out of the screen. I jumped back almost screaming, not knowing what to do. Then I noticed I was attacked from side and I turn my view I see that the doctor in a game that was actually next to me is now zombified thing attacking me. At that point I was sure what I was going to do. I switched it off as quickly as possible, deleted the game, switched off my PC and went straight to sit at the table next to my family watching TV. To be fair, I've never played Doom 3 again. Not even today after all those years. Even though I saw it on Youtube and it's not that scary or anything. But somehow I don't even want to know for real.
Ellen is the best
when I tried to play outlast the first time I played til the first 5 minutes when you climb in through the window, into an office and the door slammed and I quit then and there
Fatal Frame!
My friends and I played through most of the Silent Hill games in college, passing the controller back and forth. Yeah, group bravado is real and trying to play scary games on your own after that is 10x harder.
I quit on the second chapter of Little Nightmares. There's just something about those long arms that freaks me out. To this day I can't play through that section alone. 😵
Everyone who has quit a horror game within minutes report!
I’ll start, I played Amnesia The Dark Descent for 9 whole minutes
I feel really sorry for anyone who didn't get to experience the horror masterpiece that was P.T. I heard that there was a fan recreation of it for PC but, I also heard it got shut down by Konami. I'm not sure if any of that is true.
My scary game moment was as a child playing Dog Island for the Wii. You have to go through a cave system and bats attack you. It took me a long time to build up the courage to attempt it again. A long time.
Here we see Andy in his natural habitat, screaming like a little girl.
My dad let me play a bit of Quake when I was small, and honestly the sound of the monsters were so purely unsettling that I barely made it out of the start menu before I wanted out.
I feel the Water Temple fears as well as Alien Isolation. There is video proof on my channel of how many times I put Alien Isolation down and picked it up months later to make more progress before putting it back down again because of fear and frustration....and how terrified it made me. So I getcha! Alien Isolation was terrifying at the beginning with all the non-threats.
Also, the spiders in Dragon Age! I got to the werewolf temple in the elf forest the first time and had yet to really encounter the giant spiders. Then you're wandering around and they drop down behind your character - which in third person view is directly in the middle of the screen - with this horrible hissing clicking sound. I stopped playing for at least three days before I could handle that again. Love that game, but those spiders still give me shivers to this day.
Their was a browser based game I don't remember the name of, it involved an orphaned girl sending a paper aeroplane letter to Santa asking for her parents back, you had to guide the airplane in one of those side scrolling flight games, the plane traveled across countries and prompted others to pick it up and throw it further, at one point, the plane ends up in a desert country and hits a camel in the face, causing it to panic and run off away from its owner, which enraged him and instead of throwing the plane further, he gets out his own paper, bites the skin off his finger and writes 'The end is near' and throws that instead, I kept track of the message in the hopes of it being again rewritten before it reached Santa, and to my knowledge, it wasn't, it didn't show Santa opening and reading the letter, but he definately recieved it, and it's bothered me for years and I never played it again.
What, no terrible Jurassic Park game with the underwater mosasaur sequence!?
The t-rex scared me most in Tomb Raider as a kid. Made a very lasting impression on my tiny brain. I replayed the Tomb Raider games about 3 years ago and I remembered so clearly as soon as I got to that level that I just stopped for a second and went to get my mom lmao. Grown ass woman, fetching her mom for support.
I really like your new commenting style. It feels less scripted and more natural and casual. Really digging it.

Re "Scary game I stopped playing after five minutes" : Every Project Zero ever.
I also stopping playing Outlast at the basement 😂
Firing gun wildly "Stupid boiler!"- Arkham Asylum henchmen
16:00 - 16:30 made me fall inlove with ellen
This episode seems really down-to-earth since it most likely has no script one of my favorites now personality-wise
I had it with Alien Isolation after the xenomorph gets shot out of the airlock and I had to go through an area filled with creepy ass androids with all ny weapons confiscated.
Ah, I'm like Ellen :p
I stopped playing Amnesia after the first encounter with a monster. It was in that cave with water, I just sat in a dark corner, it came close to me but eventually turned away and left. At that point I decided that I never ever wanted to feel this vulnerable again and never got back to the game lol.
"If you've got your own childhood memory you'd like to share, leave it down below!"

Oh, childhood memory!  Okay, one day I didn't have to go to school (can't remember if I was sick or suspended) so I fired up our SNES and played Jurassic Park because fanboy.  I was playing for about an hour and had gained access to one of the areas of the park that the Tyrannosaur lurks about.  When you are close to its ambush spots, the soundtrack will change to this really ominous music and the only weapon that works on it is the tranquilizer darts.  I had never gotten this far in the game before and that music scared me SO much that I paced back and forth in the jungle a bit before just shutting off the game.  Did I mention this game does not have a save feature?  Yep, all that progress gone not because of the Tyrannosaur directly but because of the POSSIBILITY that the Tyrannosaur COULD be around the corner.  I eventually did revisit and beat it with a walkthrough.  If I recall, you can beat the game without encountering the Tyrannosaurus at all.  Boy, did I feel stupid...
Let’s play of alien isolation with Ellen!
Yes Jane you do deserve it
For me, the most scary moment that made me stop playing was Bioshock 2 and Alien Isolation. 
Bioshock 2: I found this bathrooms and for all those who haven’t played Bioshock, there’s loot in the toilets. Anywho, so I enter the female side first, and I suddenly hear a woman laugh. I look around the bathroom because I don’t want my back exposed when I’m digging though the toilet, but there’s nothing. So cautiously, I go in the toilet, grab the stuff, but I suddenly hear heels clicking heavily behind me, when I whip around there’s a Splicer right there, coming down with the large bladed arm. I screamed, and in my panic, I paused the game. So, yeah...
Alien Isolation: I left Amanda Ripley cowering under a hospital gurney when the Alien really only just starts to bug ya.
wow so the groom in Outlast Whistleblower didnt affect you at all? u guys have nerves of steel
When I was a kid playing Ocarina of Time, the well beneath Kakariko always freaked me out. I stopped there for a while
I was like 6 or 7 and the game I "played" was doom 2. Everyone who played this game, know the first level is really short but I never finished even it. As I started the game I killed the first couple of guys entered the next room with the platforms you could leviate down,  killed those guys and repeated the level from the start. Again and again. I coul only play those parts because I just was too afraid to go trough the dark corridor to the next room. That was a lot of fun
Resident evil 4. I mean, there's many times I had to set the remote down(Regenerators), but the first and most memorable is right toward the beginning when you stumble into the village, and Leon has to navigate though all these villagers, and childhood me just noped out after the first time the villagers ganged up on and pickaxed me. I passed controller onto my friend.
Imagine me, about two years ago. Finished watching someone else play the original Amnesia, twice now. Got the game for myself, for free might I add because never in my life would I buy a horror game. So I thought "I know the game front to back now basically. Could probably play it myself, right?" Nope. Turned it off within the first ten minutes. Worst part is, the monster hasn't even spawned yet!
Resident Evil 4. Never played horror games up til that moment, and certainly never dealt with the aiming not being dead center of the screen, and just couldn't adjust to the sight moving with the gun independently of the viewport. And leon? comes to the first village and villagers are climbing in from everywhere....From time to time, even as a grown adult with a horror game interest, when I go to sleep, I still have to block the window I can see from my bed so the bad pseudo-zombie-cultist-villager bad guy people won't climb in and hack me to death with farming tools. But yeah, I quit during that introduction cutscene to the first actual like place you're introduced to........So I've never played Resident Evil 4
For me probably Doki Doki Literature Club. I knew the unsettling twist ahead of time and I was watching the Game Grumps playthrough sporadically, and then I couldn't watch past the scene with the character's suicide and have never been able to so much as read plot synopsis of it, let alone download it onto my own computer.
Amazing video guys!
What about the Storage section of Brennenburg Castle from Amnesia: The Dark Descent? The cramped halls, extremely oppressive and unnatural darkness, and not to mention that it's crawling with very angry grunts who only want to bash your face in. Even Daniel notes how unatural the darkness in this map is. It has made me nope out hard.
Only thing I believe about this trailer is that there will be guns.
biv·ou·ac
/ˈbivo͞oˌak/
noun: bivouac; plural noun: bivouacs
1. a temporary camp without tents or cover, used especially by soldiers or mountaineers

**Just trying to save some folks some google time.
You were doing fine till you mentioned battle royale....Just saying.😐
I'll probably just snag it when it's on sale like I did with Wildlands
Oh boy. Cant wait to spend my time hiding in a corner on Tier One mode while my AI counterparts kill everything.
Patch yourself up = put a bandage around a snapped bone and yay, good as new!
Battle royle is over done and dead.
2019 is the year of gruff dudes with backwards caps and improbably cool names, I'm calling it now. Looking at you, Deacon.
Mike: Hey, Andy, you want to do a video on Ghost Re-
Andy: What?! Ghost mode? No! No more ghost mode! Never again! *Runs off and hides in vents.
Mike: Okay, I guess I'm doing the video then.
You think he needs to plug in for two hours at night, 45 minutes at most what kind of low efficiency model do you think he is?
''Nothing to report...Oooh, look! someone made a mud sculpture of a gruff, bearded, backward cap wearing hipster...but as I was saying, nothing to report.''
are you seriously asking for a BR? No thank you, we've had enough of those
As long as this is a giant, open world, "terrorist hunt" (Rainbow 6 game mode) mission just like wildlands, I'm game. Looks like improvements have been made so that only sweetens the deal
Mike: "There won't be romanceable squad mates."  
Jane: "I'm out."
Ghost Recon Wildlands was one of my favorite games of 2017, so I’m excited to get a sequel
Didn’t they get in trouble for insinuating that Bolivia was a drug infested shitshow of a country, even though it was a video game? Makes sense that they’d make it fictional this time
Absolutely buying this in day 1 after watching this. More games need MGS3 Survival mechanics
I still wonder this.


what happened to Nomads voice. Also I liked the red vs blue reference you made
I didn't leave it as password... it was Password123
There wasn't a single thing on this list that makes me want to buy this game... in fact most have turned me off of what I was expecting to be a no-brainer purchase.
If Breakpoint has a BR mode I'm going to dig up Clancy's grave and throw his skull through Ubi Paris' front window.
Technically, SmackDown has better stories than Raw. .___.
Mike: "You might remember Jon Bernthal as Shane from The Walking Dead..."
Me: "Nope"
Mike: "...Frank Castle from Marvel's The Punisher..." 
Me: Nope
Mike: "...or as 'Young Man' from Date Night–"
Me: "OMG FOR REAL I LOVED THAT GUY"
Always online. Ugh.
Is bowman back? I wanna know which ending is the official ending
Well, people wouldn't be "experimenting" with the heights in the game like they did in wildlands😂
Funny joke, but of the whole crew, I know Mike must know of Bolivia if for no other reason than one of the best Top Gear specials was there. (:
Your friendly neighborhood Max Velocity here, just wanted to let Mike know what a Bivouac is.

Bivouac: "a temporary camp without tents or cover, used especially by soldiers or mountaineers."
"Corp." ends with a hard "p" - it's "corps-with-an-s" that rhymes with "core".
I really enjoyed Wildlands. I am not really lookin forward to no AI team mates and the weapon rarity system.
Not gonna lie, Ghost Recon Point Break would've been sick.
I hope there is a nice shower to clean yourself up from all the mud & blood.
Bivouac is like camping in wildlands. So your base will be a tent, and maybe a campfire (don't forget your guitar) :D
[Edit: After reading what Max Velocity already writen 1h before me :) He may be right, no tent sadly, but i would still take the guitar :P]
I can't think of a single game that I don't dream of a surfing minigame for...
You get shipped in the head NAH just a scratch you all good.
After I noticed the annotation I can't help wonder if Luke knew flamingos are a symbol for swingers when creating the shirt and slogan...
Ghost Recon: Point Break was the Narco Road DLC for Wildlands. It was pretty meh.
Nice to see the realism extends beyond just the graphics... BTW, hope you had a nice holiday Mike....
No ghosts?
Are you sure you're not the ghost all along?
And most important of all...
Point 8: It's a Ubisoft trailer. So expect downgrades and gameplay nowhere near the trailers :P
Statue of him squatting on a rock..... last time I did that was hiking, and took a shit on a rock....squatting haha
Dr. Chase left password as password.
If I don't get a god damn splinter cell game soon Ubi.....
No, i want the cradle map to be the exact same graphics as golden eye. Just the map thought, all characters still full graphics
For the protagonist, the developers heard Christian Bale's Batman voice and said I WANT THAT BUT DEEPER
im just praying they add picking up bodies in the game i felt that was the only thing missing in wildlands
When he fell out of the tree was that SNAKE from metal gear solid
Jungle, stamina, eating whatever you can find, and having to heal every wound.... MGS3 2???
There is more life in every corpse in this video than the narration.
Some of that map has a Farcry 5 vibe
@8:51 Ass-real drones confirmed

YES.
Personally idk about this one. I freaking LOVED wildlands and 100% it but turning it into more of a survival game now with food and water and such...eeehhhhhh...
GR:W Difference between Ghost Mode and Camping? No difference at all. Hope this is different
I love you guys and thanks for delivering news about it who else is excited for the game?
6:35 I knew that was Frank Castle 😂
I had to present a research report on Bolivia in my Spanish class in high school... I don't blame you for not knowing about the place.
That baseballcap red t-shirt really gives me tf2 scout vibes.
Tumbling down a slight incline and completely eating it: elite special forces, theyre just like us!
Does anyone else want a Future Soldier sequel?
As soon as this game comes out, it'll be great. everything you've ever wanted from a ghost recon game. Then the reviews are going to come in and everyone is going to say the game is trash and you'll believe them because that's what you do. Welcome to 2019.
I guess the mp won't be like future soldier awwww

Still looks fun tho
Bruh, when I first the trailer, I thought it was a DLC to wildlands because of how similiar it is 🙄🙄
I half expected a cartoon skyscraper to pop up when you mentioned "imagine a skyscraper in there."
yo if that is how the fame ends where he said nomad kicks Cole walker into the active volcano imma be amamzed and pissed
Gameplay looks deep; I’m hyped
its look like a far cry ....
(sorry for bad grammar)
Wow your a bit late to this
Thank you Mike for the analysis and information.  I think I might look into this at some point.
Plz make it feel as smooth as future soilder.
I'm gonna wait until the game comes out before making a purchase. I loved wildlands and the story was very good IMO. I still enjoy going back in to play from time to time so we'll see with this one.. I'm not fond of super high tech COD style gameplay
A bivouac is a military headquarters established relatively hastily in order to provide a shelter in hostile territory, Caesar was famous for making them when he was “pacifying” Gaul
Inb4 2b2t in GRBP
Loved Wildlands I enjoyed shutting down what they thought was unstoppable. Can't wait to do it again
Boadie. I am a GHOST. RECON. AGENT.
I know it's still a trailer, but character movement animations look kinda cheap
Wildlands wasn't generic enough? Let's try again. Maybe re-use some assets and engine. Tack on some boring story about PMC's that hunt Mr. Muscles around the jungle.
Gameplay? Oh, just crouch behind chest high walls or fallen trees and kill 300 regular grunts with a STRONGER grunt here and there. It's not a game! It's an EXPERIENCE. An experience cart that trundles along a scripted track where you go from checkpoint to checkpoint. Doing meaningless boring tasks. Nobody will remember this game in five years, just like nobody will remember Wildlands.

What made MGS3 great wasn't just the survival mechanics. It was the writing. It was actually a unique experience and kept people interested like a good movie or a book. Don't just copy their mechanics and think that'll do. You'll have to make the game itself interesting. Few gadgets, weapon attachments and generic gameplay don't make a game. I dropped Wildlands after 30 hours because it was so goddamn boring. Looking at this I'll probably do the same again. I have literally no interest in the main character. He has no personality. I couldn't give a fuck what happens to him. Nor do his opponents seem interesting.
Hope this gonna be better than Wildlands
I’m interested and it comes out the day before my birthday
Hey at least in Smackdown I can name 30 characters when I don't remember shit from Wildlands.
7:14 Was that Bill Paxton’s voice? Also, aren’t drones supposed to do mundane, repetitive tasks like patrolling and scouting? If they are on an island with lots of drones then shouldn’t there be lots of drones... Even so, the game looks good.
I thought the company did everything with drones but didn’t focus on military.
3.person ???
Butter me up, whatcha got?
I wonder if Ricciardo will nail this break point
Hope they make the coop persistent for all players. It’s a pain in the ass to replay the story and side missions 2-4 times so each friend can actually beat the game.
On your left.
So where's the gameplay? All I see is some pre rendered footage 🙄
Still dont have a pc good enough to play these game i would rather have AI buddy instead of full solo
If this becomes another battle royale bs I'm blaming you guys for jinxing it.
Man, this game is a complete disappointment. You can't play offline with it. In my place where internet is as stable as AT&T, I can't put my hopes up to not suddenly lose my gameplay in the middle of a internet hiccup.
The backwards hat means he's an alternate universe version of himself.
I dunno, If I like the survival mechanic.. also where are the rest of the ghosts, that Nomad was in Bolivia with? are the drones, supposed be your squad now?
Don't need a BR but as long as it'd be a separate mode it's fine by me.
Say what you want, but that won't be the graphics on ps4.....
Can't wait. It gonna be awesome.
Ha Mike thinks Nomad was just squatting on that rock😄 oh Mike that was a tactical curtail
Does anyone remember when the Tom Clancy games were stealth experiences? Am I the only one who yearns for the stealth based squad focus from the past for this franchise?
I wonder if there will be anything crossplay related
No romance options? Literally unplayable 






You made Nomad hot now, Ubi, let me  him
I’ve never thought this until now but does that mean you have no squad members in single player?
Not every game needs a BR mode.
I hope they fixed the save mechanics bug... It was a big turn-off for me with Wildlands, and last time it corrupted just before the end mission.... Didn't come back to the game after that one!
No BR mode plz... we have enough of those... Thank you.
Honestly Ubisoft has come leaps and bounds the last few years. They are really trying to distance themselves from bad releases and their dev teams actually feel like they're invested in their games....before AND AFTER release. What they truly need to work on though, is getting things right the first time around so they can focus on additional content/QOL improvements. Im looking at you Div 2.
Would never look like this when it’s released. 😂
I am so hyped
Cool! Another "game play" video like the other 50 "game play" video's. I'll give you some credit though, at least you threw in some pommy humor 🙄
Downgrade in: 3, 2, 1..
Did you say there's going to be a urban areas to fight in? That alone makes me happy!
Looked at other reviews, No AI teammates?  WHAT?  I don't think I'll be playing this.... What the hell Ubisoft???
Glad theres more narrative this time. Thats one of the things I really wanted them to improve on over Wildlands
How Do You Find The Helicopter Crash Video?
The only thing I need to know is  it's not a new splinter cell.... and that makes me sad.
I wish they gun play was a lot better than a arcade kind of play. Like it looks trash everything else actually looks perfect
One thing is not out yet so it still a beta 😉
Can't wait for the hilarious bug/glitches montages from another half baked cash grab season pass ridden game with 5 different versions to pre order. But at least Game sprout is going to get enough content
Damn i am only like 34% complete on wild lands. Massive Game. So many items to collect in so many games.
Ghost Recon died in 2004.
This just looks like a natural evolution of the American Military Shooter, with lots of guns and military hardware waved in our faces and a story based on paranoia and othering. Why was Skell making advanced weapons/drones tech in the first place?? That's already kind of shady. And the fact that the video opens with Nomad pointing guns at innocent office workers isn't endearing me to him. I know this is just a video game but STILL. It's like The Division all over again.

I guess it looks pretty tho, and survival mechanics in an open world can be interesting. Good coverage, Mike
What im worried about is the games more linear and not open world like Wildlands was. I hope its still OW
Just played Ghost Recon fallen ghost it was amazing i played it for like 2 years
Everyone complaining about the world injury aspect (Getting hurt by falling) have never gone out in the real world lol. Play some day long paintball with capture the flag and tell me how you feel. Mistakes happen.
I know what a bivouac is from Scouts! It also helped with team work, problem solving, leadership, and ethics and made me a better gamer for it. Well it tried to help, then CSGO came along and it took a back seat to rage. The ethics is good though, and probably why it took me so long to make any decision in LiS.
If breakpoints get BR Ima pretend Ghost recon doesnt exsist
can we add a button where you can switch 3rd person from left and right.. i hate right third person view all the time.
.... the predator ... in the movie Predator . I'm glad Mike clarified that for people.
you can’t customize your own character?
Camera is too close imo hopefully there's a fov slider at least
Huh... But where does it stand in the political spectrum?
0:39 I thought you were a wrestling fan, why are you criticizing smackdown instead of raw, despite SD being clearly superior ?
For end game . they need to make a massive intricate tile set. Changes terrain.  temperate zone . weather. Urban and wilderness. Time of day or night. Etc.  Each time a mission is selected
If they just do one time set correctly it will hold the endgame easily replayable until they do a second.
Can the pilots of any game not die! Like COME ON EVERY SINGLE GAME AND IT PISSES ME OFF
Thanks for clearing up some stuff about this game that Ubisoft hadn’t, I’d say I’m cautiously hopeful that it’ll make some worthwhile changes from Wildlands to keep it from getting stale so goddamn fast.
3rd person sucks
And then ...always online..
Why do I have a feeling that Mike is going to blow the island up?
If they actually consider adding battle royale kill myself
1:38 it wasn’t password… it was guest
What GR: Wildlands did well:
The tactical action shooter sandbox: GR: Wildlands has a great balance of tactical and action, you are allowed creative flexibility in approach to mission objectives, you have the option to go loud or sneak around, you can infiltrate using a number of land and air vehicles even parachutes, this is why it has so much replayability firefights seem more dynamic and a little more unpredictable vs the division where the maps seem “flat” enemies are always placed in front of you.


PVE with friends and solo: PVP to me isn’t what the Ghost Recon games were about. I spent the most time hopping on into the action with friends or exploring the map solo with AI teammates. Gameplay was fun. What would make it better would be even more side mission types in the endgame : i.e. hostage rescue, vehicle interdiction, sabotage, assault on different target types (compounds, convoys, vehicles etc…) , defend positions, body snatching HVTs, assassinations, ambushes, stealing/gathering data all the stuff you’d see in a Tom Clancy novel and real-world special operations. 


Character Customization was great: I wish I had more custom slots and the additional ability to save loadouts for specific mission types. The ability to chose specific patch placements. 
What could be improved: Cover system is clunky, needs to be smoothed out, shooting through leaves, and shooting around corners and cover is annoying when you hit them instead of your target even though your crosshairs are lined up. Fastroping out of helicopters, ability to extract teammates from water using helicopters. 


What I liked seeing in the Breakpoint footage:
I like that you’ll be able to move bodies in GR: Breakpoint including your teammates to get them out of the line of fire. I like the concept of being wounded, what doesn’t make sense is the maintaining health I see this could get tedious, it doesn’t really fit. The ability to cut through fences! Slides into cover. I hope you’ll be able to break windows with melee. I hope you can also have the ability to breach doors via charges or shotgun. 


I am pleased at Ghost Recon’s rebirth as an open world tactical action shooter where it’s grounded in tactical gameplay like early Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six games, not over the top like Just Cause etc. Please don’t turn the Ghost Recon franchise into a boring “safe” (no politics) grinding MMO with raids where you just battle hordes of enemies, and grind to get loot over and over, don’t turn it into a survival game either!. Improve the mechanics, stick to what it’s good at and give what the gaming fans really want from a Ghost Recon Tom Clancy game.
Tumbling down a hill like a clumsy idiot watch the true story lone survivor were they idiot's
But will I be able to make my character look like marine and have actual marpat this time and will there be Turkish digital camo
Oh jeez I thought it was just Wildlands DLC.... Score another one for marketing.

Looks decent though. I liked the Wildlands demo beyond some bugbears, and this looks like just enough of a deviation to get me to actually pay this time. Maybe.

Sounds like the soloist will have a better experience too, that's always nice. There are plenty of coop and mp shooters these days but not so many singleplayer options
..... so i just preordred another minecraft clone?
Is this a big update for wildlands or a whole new game?
With the new story mode focus is there still going to be charactet creation. Because that is very inportant to me in games. Thanks
My question is, what made Walker go rogue? Or did Nomad go rogue?
Everything but the driving in the first game was perfect. The story was fantastic game play was great the guns were way under ranged (getting a 500m kill with a .50cal is almost impossible when in real life you can hit something at 2mi is something that needs to be fixed) The world was perfect also they got Bolivia spot on accurate It truly is a narco state. If Breakpoint is to stealthy they the game will suck because stealthy is never fun.
I'm interested.
Division 3?
Shane? Oh dear go Rick Grimes on him and stab in the chest
can I play as the girl instead of the guy?
this looks worse than wildlands
2:28 what’d he say?
Will there be fighterjets?
Due to conflicting reports, allow me to present a scenario in hopes to have my fears abated:

I own Ghost Recon:  Breakpoint.
Internet in my area goes down.
Can anyone provide sources confirming beyond the shadow of doubt, that I can, at that point, sit down and enjoy some time playing GR: Breakpoint, all alone, disconnected from the world?
Already pre-ordered..
I'm just going to start boycotting these battle royale games if they have it in this one😡 aka I'm not buying it
Nomads back! From black ops thr...... uh ghost recon wildlands!
Rip call of duty
bring back socom how hard can it b
There is only one thing you should know: Don't pre-order it.
You are really really really not funny. Like, in the slightest.
Live out operator fantasies...
Sixth
Just finished show of the week and... What does Mike have with the great American novel? It is just so he can have a catch phrase in the app, right?!
"Breakpoint isn't designed to be a constantly online game like Destiny or The Division..."
Oh, Mike...you poor, poor, sweet, naive dreamer. So innocent...I don't even have the heart to break it to you.   🤐
Late
It's pretty cool that they take some cues from Operation Flashpoint. I wonder if your sprint is hindered when you're shot in the leg
I cant get over how trash the vehicle controls were in wildlands  I dont think they will do any better
It is actually illegal to have a murder machine factory on an island without an active volcano... I think it has something to do with disposing of rogue terminators
Ugh, "Point Break"... Do you know how they changed that movie's title here in Spain? "They call him Bodhi"
Damn
Wow. Next time I batter a leg against some boulders by falling down a mountainside, I'll know to just wrap some duck tape around my trouser leg. No need for hand sanitiser, washing dirt out of wounds, sterile dressings, splints or anything after all! Duck tape fixes all!
Can you create a character or do you have to play as someones dad?
There is always things you need to know...
I’m a little drunk I just wanted to tell someone
There will be lots of ghosts in it if you guys play. I’ve seen the way you play shooting games.
Attached with this Series since 2001..Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon is such a games where limitless tactical and stealth elements can be implement..Poor Level Designing & Scripted Linear Enemy AI ruined The Taste of Wildlands..So Expecting Breakpoint will comes something good this time..New Things Visible in Breakpoint..Modified Shooting Mechanics..Character Controlling & Tactical Movements..Cinematic Stealth Kills & CQC Animations..New Over The Shoulder Camera Angle..Adoptive Cover System..Injury System for Combat Effectiveness..Pron Camo ( Sensed inspired from the Predator movie & Shadow Of Tomb Raider game)..New Style of Lean & Peek Techniques..Buddy & Fallen Body Pick & Drop..Bivouac Camp System..New Equipment / Inventory Wheel..but without AI Team mates in Solo mode it's not feels like a Ghost Recon I think so..more like Lone Wolf Stealth Action Adventure Game..without Squad it's lose the Essence of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Tactical Game thing..apart from Coop Team Mates Solo AI Team must be here..with more advance features and command system..they used again their outdated Game Engine AnvilNext 2..thought this time they used Snowdrop or Unreal Engine 4 Game Engine..this is Ubisoft's CGI Cinematic Trailers and Alpha Gameplay Footage at this time when the final game will reach in our hand we can get something else that different than this as we experienced before..so hope for the best and looking forward..
I hope nomad didn't get a new actor :(
Please tell me you can swap shoulders.
I can feel the downgrade coming.
I want to like this, but never played Wildlands sadly. Maybe with friends, it can and will be different.
Can't wait for the downgrade!
First thing you need to know is that it won’t look or play like this....
Does it have free roam?
If you can’t customise your character that will be so sad
Jesus I’ve never heard so many crap jokes in a video.
Come on Mike, give everyone my password why don't you? Now I'm gonna have to change it...
cool
Theres nothing that you  can tell us that we dont already know!! But thanks anyway
7:22 “breakpoint isn’t designed to be a constantly online game like destiny or division” no, that’s exactly what it is . It’s constantly online, which is why a lot of  people are upset.
Omfg this is it
The issue with most "survival" games is they make you drink water every 10 seconds and make you eat every 15 minutes. If we could get a game with real time thirst and hunger mechanics, that would be amazing, cus I absolutely hate watching my character die of starvation cus he hasn't eaten anything for 5 steps.
Looks great! Can’t wait for the downgrades!
hey hey hey I love wildlands but I agree and still not sure if I trust ubisoft
I’ll grab it once it goes on sale, I bought Wildlands for $20 and I’m loving it.
Man I can't wait until games look like the cinematics
Yeah but, can you customise your character?
I hope you can finally tuck you pants into your boots
Vehicles gamplay?
Wildlands repeat the missions a lot. I hope this one changes it. Also, I hate missions like "do... without being detected". I want to be free to do the missions however I want. And, sometimes, on Wildlands, lots of NPCs come at you (lots on foot and even some with chopper), so you have nowhere to take cover anymore, and it can be really stressful. I enjoy tactical shooters like ArmA, Insurgency, and etc. But I hate stealth games (since I'm terrible at it)
Wait so there can only be 2 other players in co-op?
This is a mix of just cause 4 and hitman 2 I love it
Just hope it wouldnt be a looter shooter
Game looks good, has great ideas and all, but the no AI and always online is a big turn off for me, so probably wont be getting it
I'm still very much on the fence about this one.
Somewhat off topic. But do you think we’ll ever get another Splinter Cell game?!  🤔😢
Played Wildlands. Loved it. Saw Breakpoint. Pre-Ordered the Ultimate Edition
This is just a scrape/ripoff of someone elses video.
Won’t lie. Wasn’t interested in the game at all until I saw this video. Now I’m kinda on the keen side of it
Question is does the game have ghillie suits and can you wear them
Are we able to transfer the character from wild lands to breakpoint?
I...Hate...Cole...So...Much
Typically when I don't see a hud or any kind of UI what so ever... I am highly skeptical...
Can you customize Ghost Lead? Wildlands was Female lead and I loved her voice actress, it'd be nice for her to come back.
00:30-00:44 Now that’s one way to burn something!
I know that this isnt an important gaming mechanic but is there anything on character customization?
You had me at maybe there’ll be romance-able squad mates, you lost me at there won’t be romance-able squad mates
Tf is splintercell?
“About as deep as WWE...” - It really wasn’t. You could take or leave the story, but it was there.
They need to make it where you actually need night vision at night because in wildlands you could still see pretty good at night without night vision
This guys voice is annoying AF and the trying to be funny remarks fall very flat. Hopefully this game won’t be as annoying as the video.
Interested, buuuuuuuut Ubisoft has screwed me over the years so I may pass on it.
I'm hoping that the presenters will play through a couple of the post release raid maps.   I'm also hoping for a Lets play of the campaign as I wanna see how the presenters react to branching dialogue trees.
Very excited about this release......  and not an "EA" icon anywhere to be seen......what a relief....
I had never played Ghost Recon but I want to buy it. Is this like a continued story mode? Will I undetstand the gameplay? Please help
All the enemies will be bullet sponges and the only solution will be to spend real money on extra powerful weapons.
Is there still character customization instead of being nomad?
never bought wildlands as it looked nothing like the ghost recon games i knew and loved.. this however is definitely a step back in the right direction... i hope they don't pull a watch dogs and downgrade it, or have some of these mechanics only at certain parts of the story when the plot calls for it... as that will just suck.
looking forward to this to see what it's like on release, but a but sceptical at the moment... but what they have right now looks really good!
People wait for sales ?   Y’all are complaint about 60$?   People in other countries make 50$ a week
boo no romanceable options, now all I want to do is romance squad mates
My gf still makes fun of me for not knowing that Bolivia was a real place
PLEASE KEEP IT REAL NO RADAR... MAKE BREAKING POINT AS REAL AS REAL LIFE... DO NOT ADD A RADAR
Sorry I'm late I was watching rtgame playing a hat in time
i still missed those day when Ghost is the one with high-tech and wear cool helmet to cover the face, kinda like the bad guy this time...
feel like now that game can make more expression face, they keep shoving that in instead of the good old "mysterious always wear helmet" type char.
I'm not sure these games could be any more bloody generic.
Well too bad it would require constant internet connection, so I think I'll pass on this one. I was initially excited when I heard we will be getting a sequel to Wildlands. I just wasn't expecting it to be like this, which is a shame since I thoroughly enjoyed the first game. I hope Ubisoft will reconsider about making this an online only game.
First
I was wondering, will you be able to customize your character extacly how you want or just the apparel? Not like a different head, voice etc? That you can just chose between the four characters? Someone answer this for me
I’m sorry if this was answered already but is this one open world and is character customization a thing in this game?
So... you're stating that the enemies see through heat-vision only? That would make the Volcano environment pretty difficult on the enemy. Usually, volcano levels are platformer hell and not stealth.
I was interested up until you said it's multiplayer and then when pvp showed up I lost all interest completely...
Why not call it wild lands 2 the different name makes people think it was a new ghost recon game with different characters but no it has the same MC that don’t make sense unless he dies in the end
Its so stupid they just realised the division 2 which is online only an now they realise another internet game WTF Ubisoft why do you keep doing this
an open world survival shooter with meaningless dialogue options? now THATS modern gaming
This game will be useless once the servers are down for good. Waste of time and money. Cancelled pre order.
I did played Wildands but it bored me pretty soon. I hope this one will be better tough I would like more games like MGS or Splinter Cell. I love stealth games
Oh snake eater on drugs thats all you had to say. Or red dead and snake eater f'd and made a baby
This game locks so cool but is probably gonna be disappointing
NO! BATTLE! ROYALE! MODE!
Im so hyped ... Someone can move forward me ?
Nomad Swolo, he got more beefed up
2 years of DLC, so nobody should buy it for 2 1/2 years until there is a full pack version.
A BR would actually be nice for this game. And if you don’t like it, don’t play it, it’s that simple 😂🤦‍♂️.




You kids keep saying your tired of games adding BR’s like your forced to play it 😂🤦‍♂️. It’s for the people who want to play BR’s and if you don’t like it THEN DONT PLAY IT. It’s not that hard. Y’all acting like in order to play the game you must play 100 matches of BR
Looks like a Division 2 expansion.
Always online, live service trash
You forgot that Nomad also got freaking yoked between Wildlands and Breakpoint
Sensing a lot of Red Dead Redemption 2 vibes.
Is this the politically correct version of the game?
After the Disaster that was Wildlands I am definitely not buying at full price. But. I am interested.
Can we get Watch Dogs 3 instead?
I made nomad have no beard
Looks better than wildlands did at least
I think this is gonna be the game that finally gets me back into the ghost recon franchise. It looks like the franchise has changed drastically since I last played
I can't wait for this game. I bought Wildlands as soon as possible. THIS GAME IS SOOO MUCH BETTER!!!
Wouldn't even pirate it.
I problably sound cynical and all heck but I am getting sick of this kind of game since there's so many in that genra. Would love to see stuff that were a thing in the 90's if that makes any sense.
I don't like NPCs awarenes in this game. There is a massive shootout in the forest, then the action moves to the village 100 meters away and NPCs act like nothing has happened.
"Wildlands fans"? Are there really people who could muster that much of an interest in that game?
I would have answered your poll, but you didn't provide my sniping style: clumsy and inaccurate
Now that games from 2012 have started getting remastered, it's only a matter of time until 'Show of the Weeks' start getting remaster episodes

Can't wait for those HD Andy textures
Outside Xbox is the best, letting us know it's sponsored content and still having it be entertaining as hell
Jane: I've always said you were merciful
Andy: *Immediately shoots fleeing man in the back
Ahh, fond memories of Mike shooting Charlie Brooker in the testicles...

And in Sniper Elite V2.
Guy in charge of camp : hey this place is like suuuuuper important so we need a shitton of heavily armed guards, watchtowers and alarms
Also guy In charge of camp : let’s have an incredibly loud and distracting announcement system that tells people what’s for lunch every ten seconds
Andy. how do we know you are stealthing if you arent doing it furiously while on berries and singing "Stealth stealth stealth"
"It sounded Rocky"
eye of the tiger begins to play
red blaring lights
"Don't be stressed"
I FEEL LIKE THIS IS THE CORRECT TIME TO BE STRESSED
Rebellion really messed up with the branding, should’ve been called Sniper Elite 2: Vmastered
Jane wanting to freeze Andy sounds about right she already turned a cat and dog into a human (Ellen and Luke). I love Jane and her experiments.
"Like a surgeon. Like the opposite of a surgeon in a way."

So basically Weird Al in that one song of his.
After that cutscene where you got spotted I am disappointed that neither of the links at the end of the video were for OXtra's 7 Cutscenes Where You Forgot How to Hero
First game to make a perfect slo mo x-ray nut shot possible.
Now remastered in 4k. Yeah, you heard that right - nut shot in 4K !!!!!
Jane: It’s kind of a stealthy game

Jane, not even five minutes later: Dynamite... trip mine... land mine


Mike, as ever, is here in spirit
When Andy said "SEND IT CHEF!" I feel like Luke is off screen, pumping his fists wildly.
2012 isn't a long time ago. It's just a little less than 1/7 of my current lifetime ago. That's like the equivalent of last week for me.
"I'll give you one gold bar for a bottle of wine." 

Ah, I see Andy has been going to the Dob School of Economics. :D
Sniping always brings to mind the best threat from Men In Black. "Show me your face and I'll cure all your ills."
"I'll give you a gold bar for one bottle of wine" and he yells at Dob.
Me, three days ago: Watches Outside Xbox Sniper Elite 3 videos
Me: downloads Sniper Elite v2 from Games with Gold Library
Me, last night: completes the mittelwerk mission after hundreds of failures
Oxbox, literally three hours later: releases this video
Snipeception!
As a German I can confirm that being able to order at McDonald's is all the German you'll need to get by here!
Professor Snipe? Severus Snipe? Master of the dark arts of removing collarbones from a distance?
4:57 "Was it Steve?" Is Jane talking about the sniper not having friends or not being a large, water-dwelling mammal?
Who's on that PA system, Charlie Brown's teacher?
Like a surgeon...cutting for the very first time!

What, no Weird Al fans here?
Can we make "The Tidy Sniper" Andy's official nickname now?
7:40
Obi wan "I have the high ground! Just give up!"
Jane "But I have a Tommy Gun!!" BANG BANG
Andy “xXst3althSn1p3s420Xx” Farrant, stealths so hard you would not believe it.
going from be calm to full panic in 1 second, sounds just like how I play
Don’t you mean ANDY-hero?
"I'm such an elite sniper, they call me... Professor Snipe". 

I was expecting that they'd call you Wesley Snipes!
I was notified late :’( Notification 🦑??
Anyone else start singing Weird Al when Jane said, "Like A Surgeon"? Just me? Weird Jane Shoot-a-lung.
Huzzah! Men and women of quality!
Jane sneaks up behind tower guard


ANDY: Are you going to snipe this guy?
JANE: I'm not! There's no need to snipe someone when I can do this, Andy.


ANDY: Okay, fine.


The Jane Douglas Method - Ruthless & practical.
I'm sitting over here waiting on them remastering the original Sniper Elite. v2 was already fine since it was released on 360 generation, the original was on PS2 and original xbox.
27:10: this is exactly the high level Sniper Elite gameplay I was hoping for
During nuclear testing in the 40's/50's,  people were exposed to extreme radiation. They didn't truly realise the health risks...or the gains. As a result of this, they could see directly through another human on demand.  Interesting Fact!
"Advance, but slowly and carefully" Immediately sprints into the open
German vocabulary words: 
15:43 Fertigung [German > "Production"]
A new addition to your list of videos where the hero forget to hero during the cutscene!
YAY! I miss having Jane & Andy videos on Mondays.
...this is just as good.
Would it still be classed as a kill 'quip' if you had to whip out an English to German translation pocketbook before you took your enemy out?
My sniping style is Mike. Nuf sed
Great video, but who was asking for a remake of this game? And more importantly, why does it still look shit?

If your graphical jump isn't like going from Halo CE to CEA, or Modern Warfare to MWR then don't even bother.
24:35 I didn't know merciful could be a dirty word.😂
One thing I can say genuinely is that the difference in Obox snipes versus Xtra's attempts are...dynamic.
"You are an anti-hero ?! You never told me !"
"Yes, sorry, it must come as a shock."
cut to all the many, many terrible things Andy has done on the show, from all his crimes in GTA Online to that time he caught Luke in Mousetrap
No, Andy. It really doesn't.
I'm kind of disappointed that there is not more attempted German speaking in this video :/


Edit: Great video besides that.
Got a 1000g on this game back in 360 days. Preferred this one to the new big open map ones.
Andy "Stealth Snipe" Farrant, nicely done Jane, now what are the other minions nicknames?
Andyyyyyy you didn't shoot the bottle!! Some spotter Jane is!
30:30 I think Andy has been spending too much time with Dob.
Exploding heads Sniper elite is fun on it's own but its more fun with the wind on. I've caused panic many times because I didn't account for the damn wind
I played some Wolfenstein games so I know very well that Nazis were famous for leaving bars of gold and other 
golden things on their desks and in other places for you to find.
Sniping is all about precision. Slow and steady works better than going Mike...
Ohhh the Andy training simulator.
for next "'7 eazy solutions that saved us alot of troubles in video games"
I so thought Jane's advice with the Turret was going to be "Don't stop, Never give up, they'll hold their heads high, and be blown off"
I generally really enjoy the gameplay videos on the channel. And Andy and Jane might just be the funniest duo on YouTube... But, boy does that game look basic. And really boring tbh. The interface seems uninspired and it's very evident that this game is from 2012. The slow motion, x-ray killcam is cool at first but it's like the only thing that stands out in this game and yeah... That's only a Remaster of a 7 year old game, so... It has lost some of it's appeal also.
This makes me wonder who the target audience for this new version actually is...
Jane figured out the secret, Germans had access to Skyrim and now we will never reach it.
Si può giocare in coop offline??
Shoot between your heartbeats. If you can hear your own heart beating that easily, the stress would kill you first. haha Always fun snipng with you.
Sniper Elite remastered remastered.
"It originally came out in 2012"
Me moments earlier: "This game looks terrible, it looks like it came out in 2012 or something"
Like a surgeon 
Cut for the very first tiiiiime
 Like a surururgeon
With your heart beat
A lifeline
I have not had the best of luck with this game. tried to buy the non-remastered version second hand twice. Unreadable disc both times. Sniper Elite 3 was pretty great though. Big fan on the castle level
I hate how Karl Fairburne looks now. I miss his old look from the original v2
"A sniper like a cat".....It all makes sense now!
Good thing there were no crypts to desecrate.
But they did make a crypt of their own for Nazi bodies 🤔
Have they improved the clunky controls and cover system?
Seriously underrated series of games....plus, nut shots...nuff said
V2 was the best Sniper Elite!
Definitely couldn't watch the kill-cam, but the helpful commentary was amusing ("What was that? Probably a rock. It made rocky noises. Ooh, too late.")
I'm sorry, but around 1:45 when Jane pulls out the binoculars and says, 'Get a gooood look at this place', and (inadvertently?) pans up the legs of the patrolling soldier...


That was hilarious.
You guys always play the games I like. Hitman and now Sniper Elite. Lucky me!
Hmm, one of the lost stories of Sniper Luigi?
I love Jane commentary
Lmao Jane, it's Venus's rotation that's retrograde.
The german anouncer said: Cccccch-Rrrrrracccch. That means in english: crackling noise


I hope this was helpful.
I was very interested in this game, until they went and added the unavoidable forced mass combat bit.
4:11 it is real, Jane! It is the control centre of the heart and lungs to be precise. :)
Dibs on 'Nonsense and Rockets' for my play title.
what's for lunch? Why bratwurst and liver... surgically removed, of course ;P
Early comment for once. Yasaaaay
I hate to be the gun nut in the comments, but these bullets drop faster than my gpa did in college. Seriously, a 100 meter scoped shot with a 30 cal and the aimpoint was below the crosshairs!? Is it sighted in for three meters behind him?!
@12:16 If someone is "cotton free," is he...woolly?
26:27 The first rule of being a hero was broken...You looked back at the explosion.
I see Jane's skill hasn't waned since her collab with Ian Higton! Ian's skill, however...
Like a surgeon sounds like a metal cover of one of Madonnas songs
STEEEEEEEEEALTH!!
Damn I loved that level
I loved this game!
Time to shoot more Nazis
Andy, you mean latissimus dorsi.  Commonly refered too as lats. 
Jane, the medula oblongata is the part of your brain that controls involuntary motor functions like sneezing and vomiting.  It's located at the top of your brain stem.   
Fertigung is the German word for production. 
What sort of wine was Andy buying with an actual gold  bar?  
12 gold bars is a status quo reference .
Sweet Enemy at the Gates reference
Love the slo mo when firing far
I missed That game! But I also wish to play zombies too!
So many snipes.
Min 12 the bullet could have hit the guy behind.
1 minute ago woah
I just finished playing the game, it is awsome!!!
Calm down!!!... DONT PANIC!!!
The Medulla Oblongata is a stem-like piece of the brain-stem which controls involuntary functions like sneezing and vomiting.
2012 is the year I was in London, I was there because my sister was competing in the olympics, it was also the year I read all the Harry Potter books, so it was cool to see that stuff while I was reading it
You guys missed the third option in the poll up top. The unintentional loud and sheepish scenario ;)
They made a remaster of this? Awesome! I played the demo of this on the 360 like a hundred times until I got the game. Then I blazed through that same level in like two seconds haha. Who needs to catch up on the gaming news when you just check up on OXBox and they tell you one of your favorite games is getting remastered? :D
You get that coin
How are there so many escaped nazis still working as train operators in Boston?
Heeey, you got Endgame spoilers in my Sniper Elite remaster! 😄😉
My idea for a sniper game was similar, except instead of seeing the bullet tear through the target's vital organs and bones, you would see a montage of their family and friends and what they could have accomplished in life had you not cut it short. Oddly, the Kickstarter campaign is in negative numbers.
Jane the Medulla Oblongata is the lower part of the brain stem
Fertigung is the production and no as German you can't understand the announcements
What?  A Sniper Elite video with no shots to the testicles! I demand Mike be present at all further Sniper Elite videos to keep this travesty from happening again!
I wish you could turn that marker off, in the first v2 i never noticed it and wondered why,then i realised its a winking blinking marker,Im not keen.
What was that 26:12 mournful wail!?
2012!? Wow, I did my Leaving Certificate (GCSE Equivalent I think) in 2012. Seems like yesterday.
This where Andy and Jane should excel, if their Hitman 2 lets plays are anything to go by.  These enemies should be quaking in their boots and 'other' various parts of their bodies.
I'm so happy they finally got to the America's Ass portion of the banter! It was hilarious watching that wiggle when the leg direction changed quickly while crouch-running!! :'D
Early
For your next WWII vid, just remember that 30.06 is read as "thirty-aught-six." That's the rifle that you're using in an elite fashion.
Lack of corpse jenga and few testicle shots.  Are you guys feeling okay?
Hello guys, I am playing this game on steam now. Professor Sniper,haha.
Jane: "you shot him in his buttock."
Me quoting Ban of Brothers: "one bullet, four holes."
More than just video games. History lessons, anatomy lessons, language lessons. Aces!!!
I guess all of that missing Nazi gold didn't get lost in a train crash after all, it was just snaffled by someone to get one over on Captain America.
If the fence is all Barbie where's Ken?
Good video
Legends say that OutsideXbox will reply if early!!
You guys as SOOOOO much better that the PlayStation access guys. Don’t get me wrong I love the guys and you need to see the game played both ways to get a feel for it.
Too bad it doesn't look like a remaster
Hi
Full of bullets and empty of blood...
Today I learned that Andy does the same thing Vincent Vega does when he visits another country. He goes to McDonalds.
so, not to stir the pot, but you guys are WAY better at this game than the playstation access crew, lololol
The man who taught the sniper was professor 47.
<3
I think you mean his heartbeat was ‘pretty high for a snipe guy’....
Fertigung means manufacturing/production btw
"The opposite of a surgeon." So someone playing surgeon simulator then.
But how is this WW2? Where are the robot dogs?
13:45 I wish my medals were chocolate. All I got are stupid metal medals.
Sorry to disappoint but that's not how The Great Escape ends.  Steve McQueen makes it over the first two barbed wire fences but the Nazis shoot out the tires of his motorcycle as he's ramping up for the third and he crashes into the fence and gets recaptured and thrown back into the cooler. Great movie though.
nazi gold feels like a pretty grim prize tbh

also you guys are  good at making the sniper elite series look fun ... question: can kill cam be turned off? it's fun at first but like in fallout, i needed it off because it was too time consuming when things really got going lmao
This was also released for the PS3 and I cannot weight for a physical copy release
Andy an anti hero? Surely being male, he's more of an uncle hero? 😂.... I'll let myself out.
I remember you guys playing SE 3(I think?) like 6 years ago... is my age showing...
spiderman in the window!?!?!?!
Fun fact: nazis were famously deaf as hell and couldn't hear guns go off in same concrete tunnel they were in.
Jane: "I watch all your videos"   Surprisingly heartwarming and wholesome.

Jane: "You can't hide anything from me."   Aaaand we're back to being scary again
For those who haven’t played any Yakuza games, I can’t recommend them enough. They’re unbelievably fun and charming and the goofiness of the side missions is my favorite thing about them. Yakuza 0’s main story is one of the best stories I ever played and Kiwami’s is brilliant as well. Kiwami 2’s story fell a bit short for me personally but its gameplay is much better than 0 and Kiwami and that says a lot.

I know Kiwami is a remaster of a ps2 game so technically it came out before 0, but I recommend playing 0 first so that you’d know the characters in Kiwami from the start.
So bye bye then Andy. Guess you'll only be appearing on PlayStation Access from now on. So sad to see you go but obviously if it feels right to you then all we can do is say "Bon voyage."

:-)
Hello, show watchers! Yakuza 0 is eating up all of Andy's spare time after he recently played it for a list video. Why? How? Show of the Week knows. Happy weekend, all, and be kind out there OXOXOX
"Why are you kissing that boy in the video game?"
"You don't understand, Mom! We're in love!"
Somewhere Hollie Bennett is smiling as another soul is claimed
plot twist Play the "you are dead" song during John Marston's barn scene.  Watch the horror on Andy's face as his creation turns against him.
Nothing like a little bit of forced kindness, or as we call it in Canada, “conversation”
Andy: "well at least I can play on my ps4, it's not encased in concrete." 

Jane: "not encased in concrete yet!" 
Gotta prevent those SPOILERS.

It seems Jane has surpassed Andy's AIR HORN spoiler prevention system.
"We are the Game of Thrones of Youtube gaming." 
-Jane 2019  
Literally laughed out loud.
Andy placing the vase back gently just like Jackie Chan in Rush Hour
Can confirm that Teräs Käsi is indeed not a traditional Finnish martial art, also, you owe me half a sandwich because I inhaled mine when Jane said that.
Andy sees the world in contextual take downs..
"Hey cool they have a glass box full of water you could totally dunk someone into before smashing them through it"
"You mean the fish tank?"
"That's what I said.."
Terras-Kasi, when you need to finnish a fight \o/
...
I'll show myself out
Yakuza? On Oxbox? Is this the real life, is this just fantasy?
Andy is clearly avoiding his obligations in 2019 by regressing back to 2017 :P
Yakuza Zero, Kiwami 1 and Kiwami 2 are available on PC too now, btw.

Also love the fact that Jane barely batted an eye at one of the more questionable Yakuza Zero sidequest descriptions
23:12
Mama Bear: "Bogey, why are you emailing death threats to that nice man?"

Me: "You don't understand! 'You Are Dead' is a song title! He asked for it!"
Sees title... Has flashback to Oxtra 2017 Urmmm.... Have I time travelled?...
Pssst Hey kid...


You wanna know a secret about Big Tony Mallone?




He has the most beautiful eyes...
Teriyaki , one of the dobbermans that Leon dezombified and sent to the farm is finally been adopted back into society. 
Oxbox are real animal caregivers sniff sniff
"I had to teach how to be hardcore!" 
-Andy, 2019

Add this to the list of things I never thought I would hear. Thank you?
A PS4 game? On Show of the Week? On OutsideXbox?

It's more likely than you think.
Why do I like when Jane says "shut up" so much? 🤔
Bioware relationships are not multiplayer experiences.  I know exactly what you mean Jane.
We did a full playthrough of all seasons of THE WALKING DEAD game at my flat recently and played the "YOU ARE DEAD" song anytime we happened to die.
"You've been so mean (...) recently..."  Nah, inter-studio murder is the gentle product of their mutual affections and respect.
I now know why Andy hates it when Luke and Ellen get to making art! He doesn't want to lose his job as "Prop Creator Extraordinare"!
I always come to Oxbox for the best PS4 reviews 😏👍
The clash system in a Hamilton fighting game wouldn't be a pistol duel, it'd be a policy debate / rap battle.
Leave me and Alister ALONE!! OUR LOVE IS REAL...
 oh man I think I'm starting to understand guys with Wifus.
"Japanese snack review channel" sounds like a good idea :P 

put a spin on things and just munch some Japanese snacks while playing games and review them at the same time.
"Mmm these Japanese peach gummies are amazing" while 47 throws someone off a roof


Have you guys tried any of the Japanese snacks I gave you'll at egx? Mind you if your like me, you guys are probably still making your way through the stuff you got given last year haha.
17:04 Reminds me of when my brother, ENTIRELY BY ACCIDENT, romanced Ashley in Mass Effect. On the family computer. I was about 10 at the time, and bless my heart, had no clue what was going on.
Well, Yakuza is literally outside xbox, right?
Someone should edit the death scene of Joel's daughter in the start of The Last of Us and add the (you are dead) song.
PS4 Exclusive
And I was causally playing Yakuza 0 on PC befor watching the video.
Now the game vanished, thanks Andy...
Hmm, just put down my controller after playing Yakuza 0.
Better run right out and copywrite that Andy or they Will make a Hamilton fighting game.haha
Next time you guys do a major boss battle in an Oxventure, you guys need to play the "You Are Dead" song. :) I mean... you guys have a bard.
Oxbox: adrenaline overrides poisonings

Fighting games: that is accurate

Hitman games: very true

Me, a teenaged biology student: nope
Yakuza 0 is AMAZING and if you've never experienced the marvel that is Mark Hamill voicing Majima in Yakuza 1 you're missing out.
27:22  Bunch of us on Twitter then built on that comment, especially the Hamilton one. :-D

WE CAN FINALLY GET A. HAM TO BEAT A. BURR.

And background songs are selected depending on the characters:

Two of the Schuyler Sisters? The Schuyler Sisters

Lafayette and Washington? Guns and Ships 

Hamilton and Jefferson? Cabinet Battle

Adams and Hamilton? The Adams Administration



And, obviously,



Hamilton and Eliza? Burn
Game of Sofas. Make it happen.
This is why I love you guys. You just talk about games that are fun (or funNY sometimes :P), consoles be damned. Thanks! If Mike's still alive next week, I'd love to see what he's been up to with his Switch!
11:49 (ish) Bloody hell, that drink you brought that guy cost 23 quid...
So, how many "Finnish Him/Her" jokes were made after the Star Wars revelation?
Yakuza is great to be honest, Andy should get Kiwami after this.
“Mormon Voltron” is an image and a phrase I didn’t know I needed until just now.
Andy: “there is quick time sometimes”

Me:”WTF Andy! yakuza 0 have quick time all the time”
If anyone was concerned about Andy turning to the dark side with his PS4 playing, he had to look at the controller to skip the cutscene, so don't worry too much people! He hasn't fully embraced the dark side yet... 😁😂
I need a "You Are Dead" clip of Ashley shooting Wrex in the back if you botch Virmire. XD
So... Kingdom Hearts but made of musicals?
The real Teräs Käsi was the friends we beat up along the way?
As a general FYI, Yakuza 0, Yakuza Kiwami 1 & 2 (the remakes) are available on Steam as well.
A "You Are Dead" montage idea: Tape together all of Luke's attempts to kill the Frost Troll in the Skyrim-on-Switch playthrough.
"he died doing what he loved...getting beat up" - jane2019
I agree whole-heartedly with everything Jane said about other people judging your bioware boyfriend. They just don't understand!
Don't understand Kaiden hate, never will. that's fine with me I romanced both Garrus And Kaiden but couldn't stop seeing Garrus as my BF444444ever, meet me at the bar <3 😢



P.s. thinking  about it hope it's not because they (copy paste) made him gay inside of me3 I just thought that was character inconsistency and lazy writing but nothing to start hating the character about if that is some people's reason
Forget my funeral I want “You are Dead” to play in my hospital room the second I slip away!😂😂😂
Just bought this game yesterday on Steam :o Loving it so far. Felt like a good game to start since I've never played any of the others.
The "Bioware-boyfriend-bath" conversation was simultaneously the funniest and most accurate description of how things really are. That moment when I gave Leliana her shoes was between me and her alone.
Yakuza 0 is the "newest" title in the series. They've been remastering the older games in the Yakuza 0 style and Yakuza 1 and 2 have already been done with the added subtitle Kiwami. I actually just had an ad for Yakuza Kiwami 2. Play them in chronological order Andy! Don't skip to 6! Also 0 through Kiwami 2 are on PC.
By the God-Emperor himself! Andy has jumped ship onto Playstation! I guess we can watch Rob's rage as he joins Nathan and Dave for Snake Easter...
Whoops. I forgot today is Friday. I was really confused when this released. Good reminder, though.
I'm living as a lodger with some people who have to walk through my room to get to their car and they walked through right as my inquisitor was kissing Dorian for the first time in DAI.... They didn't notice but my face was probably priceless...
Thats actually a good list idea
X# of games/moments in games you hope your parents never walk in on
"Mormon Voltron" is not a phrase I expected to hear today... I'm certainly glad I did.
Hol'upaminute, wouldn't a fighting game that mixes Les Mis, Phantom of the Opera, Cats, and Hamilton just be another Darkstalkers game?
"Eurogamer is like true dark universe"

Somewhere, Aoife is watching all of this unfold through a complex monitor system, her hand hovering over the trapdoor button.
A japanese snack review channel with the outsidexbox crew!!! I'm Sold!
Looks away from screen for one second... premium bath content playing casually in the background as I chatted to my friend in the library watching this... feeling very judged... thanks Andy
Give compliments!
Andy looking from top of head down: I like your hair and your shirt, the first two things I saw
Jane looking from top of head down: I like your............... shoes
OH MAH GAWD how did you know I recently became obsessed whit this game !!! love the yakuza series
"Thought you were hot. Guess what? You're not" is an accurate description of Dutch Van Der Linde.
The Yakuza games are my favourite series in existence, Yakuza zero is the very best of them and my favourite all time gaming experience.  The story is just sooo good.  You never get bored as there are so many different things to do, and each has such amazing quality.  The Cabaret Club management alone is worthy of a full-game.  So much awesome!
Also, Andy, get Kiwami and then Kiwami 2 before 6!
'Mormon Voltron' is an evocative phrase. This musical fighting game concept is surely the million dollar idea for OXBOX.
Jane talking about her “BioWare Boyfriend” is one of the funniest things
andy: steps on dude's head
andy: "yeah, you can see that it's really /crunchy/"
Yakuza 0: more crunchie than a Cadbury's selection box
Yakuza is an amazing series and I cannot wait for Judgement. I absolutely love all of the games put out by those developers.
So yah what if we used You are Dead to John Marstin’s death?

Excuse my heresy
"Mormon Voltron" is the name of my new band!

It's an electronica version of the tabernacle choir.
Andy, while punching a guy holding an ashtray: "this guy just won't quit"

Was that a smoking pun?...
I just really need Mike and Andy to know that my bf and I named our bunnies Mike and Andy. And they have the correct personalities to go with those names 😂
I know Yakuza is set in Japan... But, whoop that gangnam-style!
That You Are Dead Red Dead edit was beautiful. Perfect timing.
"We can be nice to each other!"
Moments earlier: Jane "Monkey see, monkey do" regarding Andy taking baths after seeing Red Dead baths. :-p
I need this busty lady to press my buttons for me! 
-Jane 2019
Don't forget the Echani fighting style! KOTOR is still canon in my heart, damn it!
Always good to see more people discover the Yakuza series. My most favourite series of games, Zero is definitely the best. It's a shame it was marketed as 'GTA Japan' in the West, it does the whole series a disservice. I also initially brushed it off as a GTA clone, how wrong I was.
Blasphemy time, "you are dead" song over Aeris death in FFVII...
I'm imagining Total Distortion mods for all From Software games, now...
...damnit...I uninstalled Yakuza 0 a while ago so I could install more games before I beat it. I regret it very much...I reeeeaally need to go back and beat it...
Time to swap around some games! My PS4 is bad on memory. Ugh.
I also really enjoyed Sleeping Dogs. :)
Teras kasi is also featured in galaxies mmo as a master armor set. It's canon because George Lucas.
Is teriyaki the OX team's official imaginary dog now? I know that made no sense, but please say yes.
Awesome episode. 😃
A trip back in time
Well, it's not Finnish, but there's this nordic martial art called glima (it's more an umbrella term, but oh well)
Bloody hell! That Borderlands 2 video was the 5th Show of the Week ever!
put index and middle finger to temple, turn slowly. unagi.
"Boost your stats" is that what they're calling it these days?
Oh hey! My comment was used! Thanks Oxbox!
"Mormon voltron" two words i never thought id hear in the same sentence =)
I've only played 3 games in the Yakuza series and they are all great
Wow, that ending! I certainly did not see that coming! And the twist!
Would not play Dragon Age with my parents around for similar reasons to Witcher 3
"I did not expect that at all." No better way to encapsulate this game.
KAIDEN IS YOUR MASS EFFECT BOYFRIEND?????!!! Jane, what the actual hell??!! Out of all your options, you went with KAIDEN????
Jane, I don't understand why your character would be kissing Kaiden in that Video game. Not when you could be smooching Garrus instead.
Whenever Yakuza is mentioned I always think of Hollie from Playstation Access now given how much she loves those games
Just a thought: a Yakuza 0 playthrough on Oxtra?  You can even call it Majima Mondays!
I'm strongly considering having 'You are dead' played at my funeral. There would be a dance off and punch to lighten the mood.
Andy if you want to buy a Yakuza game after this one, kiwami 1 would be the better option. It's a remake of the first game and is after 0 cronelogicly. 6 on the other hand is the last game in kiryu's sega, so it'd be better to play that after the others.
Now I really want an anime series about Mormon Voltron.
Hostess club is the Gwent of Yakuza 0.
RDR2's true agenda revealed! They've been influencing people to take more baths!
Jane is just so incredibly adorable. :)
“Money comes out of people when you beat them up, just like real life,”
(ALSO just like real life: the hotter I get, the better I am at hitting people with sofas) :P
I really Love Jane's accent 😍. Sorry for being a fan boy of you 😂❤
Great seeing the Yakuza series get some love. Great Games
Been thinking lately about getting into the Yakuza series. Maybe this is a sign.
People trying Yakuza and getting into it always brings a smile to my face.
Those premium baths are no joke. $50 in 1899 is worth $1,500 today. That's some fancy soap!
I get "Jacuzzi" and "Yakuza" confused.  Now I'm in hot water with the Japanese mafia.
Is every gang from The Warriors trying to stop this guy from crossing the bridge? :D
"Mormon Voltron."

 -Andy 2019
I think Mormon voltron is one of the best things I’ve ever heard
Teriyaki has an impressive BORK.
It's nice to see that you are not locking yourself from good things happening in non xbox world, games are great no matter what you play them on or where :) Some of the Yakuza games are now also on PC so i may give them a try one day :)
I am definitely a nobody-else-around-close-the-door-please-let-me-be-alone kind of gamer
Speaking of spoilers, what about a show about popular games you keep meaning to play, even though the entire plots been spoiled over time.
I agree with Jane that BioWare games need to be experienced alone. If other people are there, they want to talk! And if by miracle, you convince them to stop talking, they still make noise by breathing! And if you find a way to make them stop breathing, some cops arrive and the cycle begins all over again!

Every gamer's nightmare.
> Be good and give medicine to hurt guy
> Be rewarded with scort mission
Yup, that's why i play my RPGs as Chaotic Good
gasp Andy?? A PS4?! TRAITOR!!!


Everyone who also watches Playstation Access: Oh no, Yakuza 0 got another one!
I'm going to MCM London in Mr Libido cosplay from Yakuza 0! Looking forward to meeting you all.
Wait a minute, if I punch people money will come out of them? I need to test that, for science you know, and for my wallet lol
Ah Dr Robotmike and you all looking so young and innocent :)
Re: musical fighting games - No love for Avenue Q? :-O
Speaking of Yakuza, Jane's top is quite '80s as well.
I am 1000% with Jane on the subject of Bioware games. The relationship of Liara and Shepard is between Shep and Liara, thank you very much.
Turns to IRL boyfriend "see Jane gets it! What goes on between me Kaiden, Garrus, Alastair, Anders and Cullen is private, personal and private!!!"
Plot twist: Teriyaki is the dog Mike ‘lost’ all the way back when the channel began
@22:45 Popping a "You are Dead" music bed over a key death is going to become a key part of my weekly routine.

Anybody got a clip of that over a Dead Space animation?
OutsideXtra is Young Justice, Outside Xbox is Justice League, EuroGamer is Justice League Dark
Andy, don't get 6 after finishing 0, get Kiwami instead. It's the remake of the original, so you won't get into the last of Kiryu's games not knowing anything about what's going on.
I would love a new segment with clips from pre 2014 OxBoxes and the cast’s reactions. 

Or maybe this could be Oxtra watching the Old Masters?
Jane: I am inevitable

Andy: and I... Am... Farrantula
You are dead plays
PS4!? You've changed!! 😛
Teräs Käsi aka The Drunken Finn Style.
It's comforting to know I'm not the only one who mashes the hell out of the buttons despite the pretty decent move list
Correction to what Andy is doing in his free time: "Mostly playing Yakuza 0 [when I'm not practicing Gang Beasts]"
Wait, that's blasphemy!
Yakuza 0 is on PC as well now
Play some Yakuza games featuring NJPW
Do hitman no knock outs but everytime someone dies play we are dead song
You could do the you are dead song over lee’s death at the end of the first walking dead game” i probably wouldn’t have cried as hard as i did if that song had played over that scene
A fighting game hybrid of Hamilton, Phantom of the Opera and Cats? I haven't played it myself, but that sounds suspiciously like the pitch for Darkstalkers...
So what I'm getting is instead of Marvel vs. Capcom for the next fighting game, we need an Andrew Lloyd Webber vs. Rodgers and Hammerstein fighting game (with Lin Manuel Mirada DLC of course).
As someone who is currently working towards a BFA in prop work, I applaud Andy’s robot! He is absolutely beautiful
Disclaimer: I've wanted to run a Phantom style bard in D&D for a long time, so I have thought about it a little more than what people might consider healthy.
Phantom - can fight with a sword but prefers traps and surprise attacks with the Punjab lasso.  
Raoul -  experienced swordsman, operates as a straight up fighter. The vanilla standard character.  
The Persian - ex-police, or agent of the Shah. Solidly built brawler type but also armed with a pistol.  
And really that is it for combatants but if you wanted a roster for a fighting game...
Phillipe, Raoul's older brother. Palate swapped version of Raoul.  
Christine, uses sonic attacks, also has the athleticism of a dancer.
Armand and Firmin, because two people as one fighter always works in fighting games amiright?  
Joseph Buquet (not Bucket), stagehand wielding two sandbags connects by a rope.  
Meg Giry, dancer using kicks leaps and spin throws.  
Carlotta, wider range of sonic attacks but no athleticism.

Also, now you're being nicer to each other...
Andy, your beard is looking top notch.
Jane, your hair is ah maze ing.
Dr. RobotMike, ooh so shiny.
"Mormon Voltron" is a phrase I honestly never expected to encounter in my life. What a mental image, though XD
Not yet played a Yakuza game but should I start with the Zero or with the Kiwami's ? Thanks !
Whats better? Saints row gta or yakuza? HMMMM
Yakuza 0, or should I say, "how many times we teach that old man a lesson?" For kiryu
Wait a PlayStation Exclusive?! Yes! I’ve been waiting for this day! (In the voice of Emperor Palpatine) Welcome to the dark side, play more PlayStation games on the channel!
I thought I read the title wrong , glad I didn't. I love the yakuza series!
Yakuza Zero deep pore simulator: where none of the characters have wash their faces
Mona Lisa Overdrive is a William Gibson novel. And a track from The Matrix, of course.
I'm intensely aware of how very, very Japanese the Yakuza games are when the side missions come up.
I anticipate a fairly reasonable number of wildly inappropriate "You Are Dead" edits of Churchill's funeral headed your way.
INTRODUCING! THE SEQUEL TO 'DIE HARD BUT WITH JANE DOUGLAS', ITS 'STARLIGHT EXPRESS BUT THE TRAINS RUN YOU OVER'
Andy: it looks a bit like you enjoy horrible murders.
Jane: *grins uncontrollably*
Jane, I just want to clarify that I have no idea where Big Tony is...
'Crunchie and hurty' is now my favourite way to describe food :)
"It's really crunchy!", Andy, that's a human being, not a bowl of cornflakes, mate.
I feel like Gilbert and Sullivan musicals could make a crossover fighting game all by themselves.
This episode made me imagine Sweeney Todd fighting Elphaba. Thanks for that.
its NOT a ps4 exclusive! its on steam on pc as well! i just bought it two days ago, was doing coursework though so only just got the chance to sit down to play it
Jane kiss your virtual boyfriend I won’t judge 😭
Love it! Keep it up! At least you will not "do it for the trophy.."
I am now irrationally excited to see Mormon Voltron fight Elphaba in this Broadway fighting game that will never materialize
I really want to add 'You Are Dead' to John Marston's death scene now 😈
Hamilton's special move should be mic drop
yakuza kiwami 2 just came out for the pc. also yakuza 0 is not ps4 exclusive anymore. its on pc along kiwami 1 and 2.
Maximum overdrive was also made into a movie with the coolest semi-truck ever, Green Goblin truck
Why hasn't June aged since the episode from Dr. Robotmike? I'm calling vampire!
Forget the Oxbox lore, who remembers the Gangnam Style with Mike and Andy??
You should do “top __ things we shouldn’t have survived in games
'you hit people and money comes out' 'just like in the real world.' It's true, never accept a 'tour' of the royal mint
Mormon Voltron? I never knew I wanted this
damn it Andy I wanted a in depth review of the wazabi snack!
aggretsuko themed wasabi snack? wow it makes so much sense
that RDR2 clip with the You Are Dead song, I was DYING XD XD
Oof you should have played a little more of kiryu you get to see him drop kick the stalker guy out the bathroom window also talk about the yakuza releases on pc (they need the publicity to release more remakes)
Would have loved to see Jane's reaction to the Yakuza 0 mission where you have to buy porn from a vending machine for a kid.
We would all say the most OP musical fighting character would be the Magical Mister Mistofelees.
Teriyaki sounds a lot like Ellen with a cold
You guys are great! Love the show with all its humor and realism. Keep rockin it team!
Ironically, while I was watching this I saw what looked like a spoiler for LiS 2, ep 3...I knew going to bed instead of playing it last night was a mistake!
extreme Japanese accent metalu batu here to get pumped up!😂 (hopefully there’s some one punch fans here)
Jane's thought every plan through.
...Really, Jane? Kaidan? No one else can understand that.
Hmmmm...... 7 games you don't want to play when your parents are around? Sounds like a good video idea to me!


I nominate any Senran Kagura game. Or Rather, all of them.
Grease: the T Birds run you over with GREASED LIGHTNIN'
I won't judge you for having a Bioware boyfriend, but I'll judge you because he was Kaiden.
Andy is head of and is the Props Department. I need to know the rest of the department and committee assignments for the OxBox and Oxtra team
Kaiden, Jane? Really? *Kaiden*?! Garrus is obviously ME bae. However, Dorian is love, Dorian is life
"Smash them with that expensive urn! It's probably got some family ashes in it or something"
I often compliment customers at work, and at least twice, I have complimented a lady's necklace, and she replied, "Thank you; it's my husband's ashes" O.o
@19:47 Andy, if you have yet to enjoy a shower beer, you have yet to experience one of life's true joys. 

An ice cold beer is a hot, steamy shower...trust me and try it.
It's a great time to start becoming a Yakuza fan considering the game Judgement comes out next month
really amping up the outside part of the channel, ain't ya? (not that i mind, i'd listen to you guys talk about playing solitaire)
I know you guys are joking about the fighting game about Musicals but I good pay money for that, it sounds amazing
Jane runs a mafia. Canon. Confirmed. No I don’t accept criticism, thank you.
Omg OXbox got an OXdog!! Eek! Hi Teriyaki! Who's a good boy
Suggestion for the "You Are Dead" edit:  Mushroom from Life is Strange 2, Episode 2.  I don't have editing equipment myself, but if anyone feels like taking this one on ...
Teriyaki is the best boi!
Phrase of the year 2019 - Mormon Voltron
"You can hide nothing from me" except, perhaps the name of that game with the fun game over song she keeps forgetting
Never played the witcher but “sudden outbreak of sex” annecdote intrigues me 😂
“Mormon Voltron” new band name I call it
I'd like go on record and say that I know absolutely nothing regarding the whereabouts of Anthony "Big Tony" Malone 🤫
It makes me incredibly happy to see one of my favourite game series getting some love on Oxbox. Cheers Andy!
6:39 "He's dead now."
Me : hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
for a fighting game of musicals, I would look forward to Professor Harold HIll's finishing move of conning the opponent out of all of his stuff
Insert witty comment here...
Yakuza 0 is on pc now
"Games you don't want to play with your parents in the room" and none of you even mention Dead or Alive Beach Volleyball....AT ALL?!?!?! Like Come On!  That is literally every 15 year old boy's (or girl's) one game they need to have...for research purposes.
Mormon Voltron is something I didn’t know I needed in my life. Make it happen Andy!
... I feel violated. Ps content on oxbox
I ❤️ Ominous Jane!
Jane "Like real life.  If you hit people hard enough money comes out.".  I think that's called mugging someone Jane.
"Trucks" is a short story written by Stephen King, which he subsequently based "Maximum Overdrive" on.  It was his only outing as a director.

"Maximum Overdrive" is one of my favorite movies.
Outside xbox inside playstation 😁
What about fighting games where the most powerful character/weapon/gear was also the most visually ridiculous?
Certainly worth continuing with Yakuza Andy. To get the best experience and so you can understand the whole story and many character/previous event references in cutscenes, you're better off playing in Chronilogical order which is 0, Kiwami, Kiwami 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 (plus Dead Souls for a wacky Zombie spinoff afterwards). Many previous events and characters are referenced in them so playing that way is less confusing. 

To be fair, Yakuza 4 is the game I started on (my favourite entry and still tied with 0 for best plot in my opinion), bought 3 afterwards and then 5 when it released lol
I'm first oh my god oh my god oh my god so happy great vid guys yay!
I'm sad Jane didn't get to experience Majima's intro cutscene.  If you ever needed to sell anyone, especially a series newbie on Majima's brand of hype, that cutscene will do it.
Y0 is a masterpiece. It is not a remaster. Cannot recommend it enough. One of the best games I've ever played
19:20 You should have borrowed the clip that was featured at 1:47 in "I Think You've Had Enough! (Game Fails #232)" from Gamesprout.
Andy, you might as well do Kawami and Kawami 2, the remakes of the first two Yakuza games, before going to 6.
I think they’re going to remake the whole collection at this point.
I’m actually impressed 😳😐
I want this game now. It looks good. I have played some Yakuza before. This one is on offer until tomorrow on PSN. I mostly wanted it for OutRun arcade before now. I found older games a bit restricted in their open worldness though.
Humor lives in the comfy cabin constructed by unrestrained malevolence between good friends.
Cannibal the Musical!
I knew what was coming, but I still absolutely cracked up at Andy’s “you are dead” mashup!
The sudden time travel was very sudden. I kind of forgotten how cute you were then (still are though).
Yakuza 0 is no longer PS exclusive. HumbleBundle gave it away on PC a couple of months ago. I tried playing it but couldn't get into the karaoke minigame.
That musical theatre fighting game could absolutely just be called Stage Fighter
MORMON VOLTRON...
I'm just finishing Yakuza 6 after well over 500 hours of all of the other games. What a franchise! Andy, enjoy doing nothing else till June.
this channel is not dark because it's like rick & morty plus extra is a lot like gravity falls because there are crossovers 🤓
I'd like to use the "You are Dead" song over Sarah's death during the prologue of The Last of Us! - said no one ever...
Oh great, now I'm imagining "You Are Dead" playing over the climax of Doki Doki Literature Club Act 1. It feels so wrong. (But if someone else wants to do it...)

What was that game? Sunset Overdrive? ;-)
Surely Mormon voltron would be "Mormontron"
Terrier-aki, surely?
with a name like Teriyaki, the dogs future does NOT look bright...
Somebody make a ''You Are Dead'' clip out of The Bloody Baron scene from The Witcher 3 or Sarah from The Last of Us...I can't be arsed.
This show always makes Friday a bit more enjoyable.
Didn’t know you could put emojis in the title but ok. The more you emoji
I don't know if Jane is one of the unfortunate souls who romanced that baldy bald Heartbreaker or not but I am wondering if she is optimistic that Dragon Age 4 will have a good story and a satisfactory conclusion (I think it's conclusion?) to all of the previous game's storylines
I love the idea of this Super Musical Smash Bros-sounding game. We need to get Sweeney Todd in on it; he could do some serious damage with those slicey razors of his.
I hope you both complimented Mike after this video. He's the one who got murderized by Andy
Time for Arthur Morgan to get the You Are Dead treatment
Andy played Yakuza 0!?! Hollie would be proud!
Star wars uses real world other language words ALL the time. "Mon Calamari" comes to mind.
To be fair, Jane ... when your Shepard is dating Kaidan, you should be ashamed !
This is dark but add “you are dead” to Thomas Sennett’s death at the end of My Girl. Or when he dies add Hitman’s “Unnoticed Kill,” “Accident Kill.”

That would be I believe one of the most inappropriate but also funny places for a sad/funny juxtaposition.
they tell you to like the like button at the end XD
So if you have a fight with a guy in the Star Wars universe, you get to Finnish him? Nice
@1:19 I was hoping Andy was going to say "Life is Strange: Chapter 3" then Jane hits his arm and Andy says "I'm joking"
6:40 LIES! Kiryu never killed nobody!
What's janes insta
The Lion King is a good musical for a game...anyone?
New top 7! Games you don't want to play around others/parents!  :)
brb editing 'You Are Dead' over the cutscene of Aeris's death in FF7.
In the Star Wars expanded universe lore Teras Kasi was a martial art developed for non jedi's to fight jedi's.  


Not sure about the lore now since Disney retconned the whole expanded universe.
next star wars fighting game "finnish him"
Mushroom's death in Life is strange 2, chapter 2 for the "You Are Dead" treatment. Yes. I'm a monster.
I love the fact that th dog is named Teriyaki. And if my blackish Husky wasn't already called King I would name him Teriyaki. Our White dog is called Ichigo (because he's the main character from Bleach).
>Didn't even show breaking the urinal with yoneda's face
Somebody who is better at editing than me, please make a montage of every oxbox hitman kill with “you are dead” playing over it.
If you mashed up Cats, Hamilton and Phantom, you would have a mess.  Like orphan paste.
That star wars thing is fun to dive into, Yoda is Sanskrit for warrior (which imo makes his comment "wars not make one great" funny)
Adny Playing PS game on OutsideXBOX? Blasphemy.
Jane, Mike, I know it will be hard fot you. But I think you should excommunicate him to Oxtra for that!
The 'Darth Vader' reveal wasn't such a surprise in the Netherlands, what with 'Vader' literally meaning 'father'...
Just like Jackie Chan!!!!
I like Jane :)
Andy,
Check  out yakuza Kiwami 1and 2 as well.
Since you started playing PS games is Mike going to livestream a PC game like My Summer Car?
Andy and Jane are on the wrong sides of the sofa in that old clip 😱
Rocky horror picture show fighting game just for more Tim Curry
Aeriths death + you are dead = still broken 💔
mash up of Cats Hamilton and Phantom of the Opera. would that be called Phantomcat of the Hamilton Opera
Lonely Island/SNL playing Imogen Heap X Jason Derulo versus Andy Farrant with a copy of You Are Dead. Which one is funnier ?
What? A Yakuza 0 episode?! And it’s not even my birthday!
Yakuza 0, Yakuza Kiwami and Yakuza Kiwami 2 (Remakes of Yakuza 1 and 2) are all on pc. Which is a good thing because before they were on Steam, I was waiting for used ps4 prices to drop enough so I don't feel too bad buying one just to play Yakuza games on it... like I did with my ps3.
You think people respond weirdly to romance subplots? Try playing a Dating Sim.
Total distortion is a game where guitar robots kill you and your death is celebrated by rock. Maximum overdrive is a novella (and movie) where cars gain sentience and kill people, I can see where the confusion lies though.
Yayy Hi Jane
They finally got lunch! Kind of. Hey, one wasabi pea is better than previous attempts.
Jane hasnt aged at all. It must be all that cthulhu magic.
"He died doing what he loved, getting beaten up" ~Jane Douglas, most relatable gaming quote of the year.
Morman Voltron is right up there with Doormonster's Book of Boat.
Can you make some videos of Mortal Kombat fatalities with the "You are dead" tune? Thats all I can think of now. :D
My aunt asked what I'd been up to at a family dinner a few weeks ago. I mentioned that I'd been watching this wonderful Youtube channel and that I loved their Hitman videos. Then I had to explain the game to them...I think they're still rather concerned.
Now I'm imagining Super Smash Bros but with Broadway musical characters instead of Nintendo ones.
Kiryu looking thick in 0
Andy's happy little "Yeah" at "If the panda wins" is so adorable
Somebody make that Phantom of Opera vs CATS video game happen. In fact, get all of the play & musical characters involved.
Do you still go through the Fensler Agency? I imagine he could get your game made in a headlock!
Finally after 7 years we Playstation players get our game on Show of the Week!
A Mormon Voltron sounds like borderlands
19:15 Aaand now I feel weird about watching this video while my mom is home
A PS4 game on Show of the Week!!!!!, honestly they should merge the 2 channels together and go full multiplatform, it would give them more to review and show after all
Not an untrue word spoken about Eurogamer. xD
Much as I would love an opportunity to shill my new favourite musical, I can't help but feel the characters from Anna and the Apocalypse would have an unfair advantage in a musical characters fighting game.
That was the most boring Yakuza gameplay ever. I think everyone that played this game, recorded and uploaded online tried the karaoke and disco minigames.
Mad respect for the SPLX sticker.
29:05 I can't help but laugh
Everyone loves the BioWare romances Jane why do you think anthem did so poorly
That dog raises an interesting point. I hope you'll get back to it in a later episode!
Andy. The power of Christ compels you. Stop it.
"Boost my stats." Is that what the kids call it these days?
Do you think we could lure Leonard Bernstein back from the grave to work on a West Side Story fighting game? Sounds like a natural.
Yeah, I like how games take real words from other languages and uses them in different ways, like taking fidchell, the Celtic version of chess, and using the word as a name for a powerful entity that sees the future. Using words like this adds immersion to games. Plus, when you look certain things up, you learn something new.
Is it bad that I saw the playlist for "Andy's fighting game weirdness", and instantly thought - WHERE ARE THE GODDAMN CAPITAL LETTERS!? Ah well, the trials and tribulations of an English student xD
I feel like a Phantom of the Opera fighting game based on the musical version wouldn't work mainly because there are maybe, what, 3 named characters? And like half of them are in love with the others; that'd be a bit awkward.
Though if you brought the book into it, the Phantom's finishing move could be sticking people in a mirror room and boiling them to death, so that'd be cool. 🤷
19:45 Andy we all know why you like those premium baths - (U) ;)
Jane's smile when Andy says "Enjoying horrible murders."
It looks like Hollie secretly invaded another channel.
Wait, Yakuza 0 isn't a PS4 exclusive. It's on Steam.
I never thought I’d have to explain what “Mormon Voltron” is to my mother, who overheard this video
In Finland we unfortunately don't have any other martial arts than fighting while drunk in front of a grill.....

Also my Finnish brain exploded in the very fight game video, and now aaaa stop saying teräs käsi my poor Finnish barin can't handle it. ;_;
I love how this video showcases the differences between a girl's and guy's intimate moments in video games: romantic subplots vs premium baths.
Jane and Andy, you have both disappointed me. “Finnish him!” It was right there......
Wait....Andy plays games that aren't Red Dead Redemption 2??? Imposter! Who are you and what have you done with Andy!?  Who sent you!?
Yakuza 0, is not a remaster Jane. Also probably the worst of the series, just happens to be the first one on PS4. Andy should have tried the terrible disco mini game (that's the bit that spoiled this game for me). Also, glad someone else has both PS4 and xbox one... best of both worlds!
As a Star Wars Expanded Universe nut, I adore hearing Andy and Jane learning about all this inter-connectivity.  It's like watching them take their first steps into a larger world; they grow up so fast sob
I like how Jain  looks like she is always nervous/weirded out is that  just me
I have information about Big To ...... disregard that I don't know anything .
Don't get Yakuza 6 Andy!

I mean, do, but get Yakuza Kiwami and Yakuza Kiwami 2 first, since they're remakes of the original Yakuza and Yakuza 2 that were released on the PS2 which Yakuza 0 is obviously a prequel to.
Andy didn't show the best part of Kiryu's fight there, he dropkicks a guy out of the window so hard that he needs to grab on to the window sill to avoid falling out afterwards.
I would totally main Mistoffelees.
I agree Jane. It IS embarrassing to choose Kaidan.
Padmé is very similar to the Bengali/Hindi word for lotus. Star Wars steals a lot of stuff from various languages.
I thought Kiryu's story was pretty good, and then I got to the part of the main story on Majima where you find out who his target is and wow, I just had to find out what happened next... and then, back to Kiryu. Noooooooooo. At least I had slot car racing to keep me going.
Protip: Might not work in Yakuza Zero but if you have to brawl in a public restroom don't wash your hands for added poison damage, be careful of splash damage though.
I now need a whole Andrew Lloyd Weber roster. Evita Peron versus Joseph. Rainbows and tears
Oh Andy, you're letting yourself into major trouble by defining "the only good musicals" - Dobb may pin you down and force you to listen to him recite the many Odes and Tales he knows... and then Luke will take his turn!
Man, that Red Dead You Are Dead clip had some intense Sims fan-made music video vibes for some reason. I feel like a preteen all over again.
Thank you for observing proper spoiler(s) etiquette. (Jane can you make an Aerasol version to spray on other less polite youtubers?)
Oi oi oi Moshi-Moshi~~~
What?
So started to do a beige of old Show of the Week and y’all were so open before about trying to kill/injure each other. Did you mellow with age or has your stealth skills leveled up?
Wow! Seeing past Andy has just reminded me of how I saw 'french Andy' on a skiing holiday recently. The looks were uncanny, and what's best was that he was the DJ and hype-master for the dance parties.
I don't think I've ever seen ME3 Kaidan.
I'm glad you're enjoying Yakuza 0, but please don't jump straight to six, you will miss so much and it won't make a lot of sense. Get Kiwami and Kiwami 2, which are the remakes of the first two games.
Might as well merge with Playstation Access now.  The content is basically the same anyway.
Yay on screen noms for Andy!
With the money flying out of folks and the OTT fighting, ever wondered if these games are set in the same 'verse as Scot Pilgrim.
A video game moment I stressed that my gf would walk into the room was Far Cry 3, actually there were 2, but one I did not see in-game. 1st one was the bit were Citra wants a child from the protagonist and takes actions towards that (trying to keep my wording for all-ages, but that scene wasn't)... I really could not have explained it, it would have affected her perception of myself and my games... permanently. The second one was at the end (I can't find a way to describe it without spoiling it, but people who played will know what choice I'm talking about). Needless to say, that would also have affected my relationship with previously mentioned gf. Have a good day community!
I guess this is the state of Xbox right now... there's literally nothing and a Xbox centric channel is playing a PS4 game... Don't get me wrong I love this channel and the news they present. I just can't help but notice the irony here, and obviously there is nothing wrong with outside xbox, great Yakuza 0 gameplay, this just goes to show how underperforming is on Microsoft's side.... and it is really sad.
You are dead over Aeris getting skewered.  Makes everyone cry all over again.
‘Hadestown’ isn’t a SUPER famous musical, but it does feature the king and queen of the underworld, as it’s a re-telling of Orpheus and Eurydice, and would make for an AMAZING fighting game. 😂👌
Actually, in the original Star Wars Galaxies, one of the Advanced classes was a Teris Kasi Master. Then they "made it better" by getting rid of the 30 or so classes and going down to 9. whee.
Andy playing PS4 on Outside Xbox, what is this madness
If someone doesn't add You Are Dead to Aerith's death scene, I will lose faith in humanity.
I never thought I'd see Andy playing a ps4 game on this channel.   I like it.
29:27 ...this has taken a turn...
Don't name the dog after food... just don't.
The "you are dead" rdr1 was hilarious I ended up rolling around my couch. It's a big couch
So? Total war soon?
I would definitely buy a broadway musical fighting game. Whether 1v1, or team based in the style of Marvel Vs Capcom. Sweeney Todd, West Side Story, and Wicked are some other additions I can think of to add to the roster
What other Musicals that could be made into fighting games?
I'd heartily suggest 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show' and 'Dr Horrible's Sing Along Blog', the two BEST musicals ever made! 😁
I think it's illegal to mention a dog named Teriyaki and not actually have a dog named Teriyaki.
Apparently Teras Kasi is a martial art developed for fighting Jedi. Seriously, a better use of the time would probably be investing in flamethrower development.
Oh okay I get it! I got the surprise ending now...... Jane kills the dog with a sledgehammer!! Yeah no joke that was the big surprise!! I definitely definitely can say no one saw that coming
I can confirm that forming into a big Mormon Voltron is a time-honored tradition in that religion.
Not sure the language, but Darth Vader translates as "dark father"... The spoiler was there the whole time
So disappointed Andy didn't rope everyone into a Don Quijote singalong
Andy: "take the saddest, most poignant death scenes from games and add the You are dead song to them".
Me: "I lack skill with editing but please let someone put the song over all the ridiculous and embarrassing deaths from the oxboxtra family instead"
To be fair, "Total Distortion" is about the most meaninglessly 90s title that game could have had. I'm probably going to forget the name shortly after I press "Comment", myself.
Should have named the dog Teriyappy.
It’s not that you’ve been mean to each other lately, you’ve just been particularly British.
as far as video game series goes, yakuza is definitely one of my all time favourites, so it's very nice to see it getting more popular in the west
An Avenue Q-inspired fighting game would probably be the sweariest fighting game of all time. Should probably skip the sex scenes though.
I don't even have a ps4
I now want to go back to the Let's Play I watched The Dagger of Amon Ra and play that song every time someone dies. 1920s New York and '80s Techo were born to dance together.
Do you ever hear a word so much it removes all meaning? Teräs Käsi
I know that there are some strange ideas about my religion Andy, but no Mormons (Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints is the full name, Mormon is just a nickname!) can combine together to form Voltron. Sorry. We can hand out pamphlets and know more about religion than Egbert!😜
you'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll learn(?) a little japanese...  you can take out your frustrations on stupid street toughs, play fully realized mini-games, and watch cutscene after cutscene.  that's the yakuza series 😄
I'm totally here for a list feature about games you felt weird about being walked in on. Mine's probably the whole of Hatoful Boyfriend. 😂
Can't believe Andy didn't show us his shoes.
There's only one Finnish martial art, it's called Kurmootus (basically Asswhopping), practitioners fight with birch logs, mainly at 3 am in fast food queues. Also it's not real.
Bye Andy! So sad to see you go. Your hair will be missed. 
On the bright side, I hear his replacement will have a Mohawk!
On the sad side, now we know what Jane's bloody hammers are for.
Hey guys and guylitas! Welcome to Show of the Weekday! I have been playing a relatively new game all week, Space Invaders! Now, I won't mention any spoilers, but I will say that the story is well and truly riveting.
Oh Jane, you are such a nice friend. Wish Andy would have watched your LiS 2 videos with Luke, then he too can play "You are dead!" music at all the appropriate times.
Hi Andy
Please no one put the you are dead song ontop of John Marstons death... Andy will never forgive us
I actually prefer when you guys sing you are dead yourselves...
Quick time how about quit time
Also with the star wars names Darth is a variation of dark and Vader is Dutch for father. So dark father.
You know I still miss that you guys used to do the challenge of the week I really enjoyed those
Playstation exclusive game on an xBox channel, Thanos snap made this happen.
We all know how OXBOX is paid for now. Jane hits people just 'hard enough' each month, to keep the bills and wages paid.
18:12 I didn’t realize that was Kaiden until she said his name! I’ve never seen him past Mass Effect 1 because he always seems to die in that one mission.
In sleep he sang to me, in a one on battle with the a Founding Father of the United States of America he caaaaame, that Hadouken calls to me, and defeats Javeeeeert, and do I dream again? For now I fiiiiiiind, the Phantom of the Opera is there, beating up a Mormon
The best part of a fighting game themed around musicals would be the inevitable inability to license all that music and hearing some "just close enough to be recognized but not the actual song" versions of all your favorite musical numbers.
I know Mike hates it in games when numbers come out when you are fighting. Does he hate the money also ? haha
Andy, as prop master I think you would appreciate The Sifl and Olly show, specifically the Precious Roy segments!
When I realized how Olly had so many outfits and why Sifl is never wearing one, it blew my mind!
Kaiden, really? you have so many to choose from, and you chose the human equivalent of a wet blanket? I expected differently from you, Jane.
I too am enticed by Red Dead baths... but then I remember I don't have a bathtub. I guess watching John relax will have to suffice.
So did Andy also make Decoy Mike? (The one with the balloon head)
Watching Andy play Yakuza made me want to buy a ps4 so I can play that game too! 🤣👍🏻

Ps. Hope you guys show this comment in the next show of the week.
These imaginary games you create in the moment seem like a passing joke.  But I really want to play those games.  Will someone please create a musical beat down game!
Jane talking about why you want to play mass effect alone is the biggest mood I can remember having to save parts of the game for when my parents weren’t home
Someone put You Are Dead over Aerith's death
Andy, big tip i didn't realise til i was an embarrassingly fair bit into the game. You can sprint when walking through the towns. Judging from your gameplay, it looks like you're in the same boat.
and just what do you with the 16 year old girl who heads that pantie ring after you save her? You put her to work in your real estate company of course along with micheal jackson and that chicken you won at the bowling ally cause yakuza
I shudder to think what a traditional Finnish martial art would even be like. Drunken fist fights?
I will kill anyone that makes a You Are Dead video about Aeris' death, and make sure to film it so I can make a You Are Dead video of you being dead...this is your only warning.
Why press buttons yourself when you have a busty lady/ies to press them for you?
KIRYU'S NEVER KILLED A MAN IN HIS LIFE!!
Oh my god! We've just made a new fighting game genre! Fighting games based on famous plays and musicals or even operas! My god this needs to happen! Can you imagine Madame Butterfly as a fighting game!?
Hi
But guys, how can you say that Shrek the musical isn’t a great musical?!?
So Andy was inspired to take long baths by RDR2. Now he's playing Yakuza 0 so he'll develop a craving for Japanese street food? Or maybe 80's club music? Play it safe, try a Katsudon!
Wow, that dog is either really large or lives in a jar.
It’s been really interesting to see the evolution of this channel from kinda avoiding anything PlayStation related, to making jokes about hiding their interest in PS4 games to actually having a Show of the Week episode based on a PS4 game. It’s all just gaming in the end! 😊
“If you hit people hard enough money comes out”. Jane I’m pretty sure you’re thinking of piñatas...
Is it just me or does Andy say "Teriyaki" in a very American way?
I love how y'all are go the parents won't understand didn't y'all say the age group who watches this mostly is in their teens like my oldest is 18 and I'm the one that plays these games so I'm not worried if I walk in on them playing them
Ugh, Jane, don’t make me be THAT nerd. Yakuza 0 was a split gen release, not a remaster. Yakuza Kiwami & Yakuza Kiwami 2 were remakes, and Yakuza 3 - 5 were remastered and released in Japan (fingers crossed for a western release).
Would it be cheating to have Mr. Hyde in your fighting game?
I'm considering Teriyaki an official part of the show now.
I understand your BioWare boyfriend Jane. I completely understand.
Question for Mike: we know that you dislike games where "numbers come out people" when you shoot them.  How do you feel about games where money comes out of people you shoot?  And shouldn't there be a mod that puts dollar (or pound or euro) signs on the numbers that pop out of enemies in Borderlands 3 and other games of that ilk?  Asking for a friend.
Are any of these people even old enough to remember the 80s from experience? 🙂
6:40 kiryu doesn't kill.
Andy is head of props? No wonder he made the Nintendo Passport peripheral so fast!
Mormon Voltron might sound weird, bit is not weirder than mormonism.
Spoilers: At the end of this episode they become a Japanese snack food review channel!
Fell asleep and woke to show of the week  and jane saying 'sex, suddenly '
So you guys know this particular game isn't a remaster right? The Kiwami ones definitely are but this one was a new one I'm fairly certain. Unless there was a Japan only release I'm unaware of which is entirely possible but I figured after the success of the one we got the Kiwami remakes.
Kaiden!? You should be embarrassed.

Also, no one had better put You Are Dead over Dom's death from GoW.
It's okay, Jane. I also like gentle biotic Kaidan. His lack of space racism and understanding smile get me every time.

P.S. - plus, he's a great rebound once Thane sacrifices himself.
You're right. I don't understand. I mean, Kaidan he's just so dull. At least it wasn't Ashley, wow she is awful.
Crunchy is not an adjective I have heard applied to violence in an entertainment medium.
Yakuza 0 is one of my favorite video games of all time. It has just about everything you could want from a game. From using your breakdancing skills to fight a gaggle of hooligans, to playing a crane game at an arcade. From singing 80s rock songs with your best buddy at karaoke bars to having a disco dance off against a legally safe lookalike Michael Jackson, and even gambling away hundreds of thousands of dollars gambling on sexy bikini girls pile driving each other in a surprisingly brutal fight club, Yakuza 0 truly has something for everyone. I recommend it to anyone who loves nonsensical silliness, serious crime dramas, or both.
Sad
As for the snack, do watch the show it is named after. Especially if you are into death metal karaoke by cute animals.
I'm now imagining all of the Finnish PS1 owners mistakenly buying Masters of Teras Kasi thinking it was a Star Wars / Tekken crossover.
6:40 Karate is the Japanese for empty hand. what is the Japanese for hit him with a sofa?
I think my eyes are broken after my visit to the eye hospital today - that clip from the old Borderlands 2 Show Of The Weekend seemed to have a beard-free impostor posing as Andy...
Spiderman spoilers 
aunt may with you are dead
Spoiler alert: They get lunch.
Jane: What is it again?
Andy: I've just said it!
Jane: Yeah but, pffff, is like white noise when you say it.
Andy: "Is like white noise, Andy, when you say anything". :(


Another episode of Show of the Jane and the completely automated spoiler free white noise machine.
I'm no video editor but... somebody needs to "You Are Dead" the death of Aeris from Final Fantasy 7
Is Andy allowed to talk about the PS4 on this channel?
I feel like the dog would’ve only attracted Luke and Ellen.
I joined my school's DND club and I've never played it.I'm going to be a Tiefling Warlock so has anyone got any advice?
Admit it Jane. You just wanted an office dog and dumping the Xbox into concrete and chains was just a way to distract people from the dog. See, Andy already loves Teriyaki and was much more preoccupied with the Xbox to objectify the dog.
I've noticed that Andy seems to have an interest in japanese things. Like his プロレス laptop sticker. 
アンディは日本語が話しますか？
The saddest and least appropriate scene to put the You are Dead song over: Tali's suicide.
Was that Kaidan Alenko? No wonder you're embarrassed...
A PS4 game on... on Outside *Xbox*? I feel betrayed and disgusted, and have hit the unsubscribe button twice as a result, I hope you're happy, Andy.
Hey Andy? Did you know that the REAL Yakuza approved of this game and said that most of everything you see in the game is like the RL stuff. However, the clothes of most of the Yakuza (at least the ones of a lot of the main characters) are not realistic and also that a lot of the actual game stuff (like of course the specials and stuff like that) those are more for the game purpose. But a lot of the interactions and the events and hobbies and stuff like that, are actually a LOT like in real life Yakuza. ^^ Pretty cool huh?


Also: Uhhhh, if this game was 2017, why does the YouTube thingy in the description say: 2015? x3 lol
🔔🍌🐝🍅🐟📦👍🐗⭕️❌
SO  youtube comments is a place of Free and frank exchange of information.   WEll Jane the next episode of Life is Strange. ........  hey why is there a bright beam of light from the sky moving towards my house.    ...........
24:40 Outside Xtra: nobody ever dies. Outside Xbox: everyone dies, but they come back so it's fine. Eurogamer: none of them die, but everyone dies around them.
Oh great, Andy has gotten the old gypsy (i hope that isn't offensive) curse that is falling for Yakuza. I preordered 6 and it came with 0. It sat in my backlog until Kiwami was a free PS+ game and Red Dead 2 came out. For some reason partially into chapter 2 of red dead i picked up 0 for the first time. I still have yet to go back to red dead, but I finished 0 with a few hundred hours, kiwami, kiwami 2, and am almost through FIst of the North Star waiting for Judgment. I refuse to see 6 until the rest of the remasters come west.
6:39 haha she's clearly never played a Yakuza game.
Jane: I don't want anyone mocking my deep and meaningful Bioware relationship.


romances Kaidan


Well, you say one thing...
Pause at 18:59 and take a look at Jane. No need for thx.
Blasphemy! Little Shop of Horrors is the best musical in existence.
Wonder what would happen if Shenmu meet Yakuza? 

Shenmu: "Have you seen any sailors?"
Yakuza: "You owe me $400 for that information- guess I'll have to beat it out of you."
Bboong
When we have no games even outsidexbox is playing a PS4 game :(
Boss fights are always weird... Everyone watches, HR have to get involved, there's an air of sexual tension about the whole thing...


Oh wait, video game channel, right, video game bosses. Sorry. Good list, guys.
Is there a boss in God Hand that does NOT fit this list??
Well. To be fair. If I was the CEO of a game company that makes a lot of games. I would tottaly ask to put me in as a bosa fight on those games
I was thinking about Saint's Row. But of course YOU are the boss there and basically every NPC has a weird boss fight.
Green Midget: You can find me at the.....
Me: Don't you dare say it
Green Midget: CLUB!!!
Me: aaaarrrrrggggghhhhh
It's worth pointing out Morgan Freeman won't fight the player if the player is black.
Luchador Gorilla steps up.
"You're not a human, are you??"
Even the Gorilla is like: "Seriously, dude?"
"The only Simpsons game I'm aware of is the one where we all pretend Dad isn't an alcoholic."
Something all bosses need to explain: why they all lurk in large arenas with lots of cover right near stashes of health items and weapons. This seems like poor decision making.
Fun fact: "Psychopathy" is not a diagnosable psychological disorder - intentionally so. A decision was made to not include diagnostic criteria for psychopaths, because to do so would effectively allow psychologists to diagnose people as "officially evil" - something that would basically ruin a person's life. So calling someone a psychopath is just an insult, not an attack on their mental health.
"Mania," however, is a recognized and diagnosable mental illness, or at least a component of one. Bipolar depression, aka manic depression or bipolar disorder, is characterized by states of extreme highs and lows. The highs are called mania - and a person suffering from them could be referred to as a "maniac," though not in a professional setting.
So by changing the names of the bosses from "psychopaths" to "maniacs," Capcom went from insulting people who don't technically have a mental illness to insulting people who actually do. Well played.
🌟 It's nearly Mother's Day! So here is my next video suggestion:
7 most badass mothers in videogames
The Great Mighty Poo springs to mind... Why? Just why? Oh my god, why?
More frantic Andy narration over the spoilers section please!  Or maybe Andy singing over the spoilers section.  His voice is dreamy....
We need another God Hand. Or at least a remake/HD remaster.
Number 1: Jim Carrey as Dr. Eggman

Legend has it, we cannot know what the heck are the developers doing to Sonic's design. We still can't wait to see him saying "pingas" on screen.
Never having played God Hand and seeing the first few weird bosses introduced in this vid, I was like, "these remind me of the monsters in Power Rangers.."
5 Midgets appear

Check.
You can find me in the..
C L U B !
You think Starfox and Zootopia might be set in the same universe, just different time periods?
Dungeons & DINERS & DRAGONS & DRIVE-INS & DIVES! ESCAPE FROM FLAVORTOWN
No Great Mighty Poo from Conker's BFD? It was an Opera singing pile of faeces. Literally
FFX-2 is basically you fighting an overly enthusiastic  keyboardist as a final boss
For some reason, the final boss of The Lord of the Rings: The Third Age always seemed weird to me.
Because it's the eye of Sauron.
There's no explanation how or why  (except to distract Sauron while Frodo those his thing, I guess) you're suddenly on top of the tower of Barad-dûr, it just kinda happens.
And after you beat the eye, they play the scene from the movie where the tower falls down. And I guess the heroes die?
I wanted to know who in square enix are crazy enough to ask their own boss to be a video game boss?
Spoilers for Mass Effect 2. 
The boss at the end of the suicide mission in Mass Effect 2 is pretty WTF when you consider that it is a Reaper which has been made from dissolving tens of thousands of humans into a paste
Okay, but now I'm distracted by how Andy pronounces "tacos".
Deadhand from Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time? I mean, that thing... I mean... c'mon!
The mad midget five are so Power ranger like its amazing!
Also, it is so fun that some of these weird bosses are ACTUAL bosses in real life!
Aha! So That's where "slot machine in fully priced video game" idea  came from ! Damn you Starfox !...
undertale the switch version:A human-sized anime figure possessed by an angry ghost 
I honestly have no idea what Toby was thinking
Metal gear solid has way to many insane bosses, I could say Psycho Mantis, but I think “The Fear” is insane for being a crossbow wielding frog man.
Saints Row 3 the giant energy drink fight.
Why do the mad midget five kinda remind me of the hexagon brothers from pokemon XD.
Did anyone else do Luke's arm punching move, in time with the music for Star fox, like he did on that episode of SOTWE? 

Thanks Luke I can't hear that music now without doing "The Westaway!"
I know you included him on other lists, but the fact that you missed The Great Mighty Poo from 'Conkers Bad Fur Day' for this list is still a crime.
No Armaros from El Shaddai: Ascension of the Metatron?

The first phase of the fight is just him dancing in front of the camera.
So it’s Japan. Just rename this bosses made by Japan because Japan.

Also the white rabbit from Dark Moon Fair. Yes it’s a Monty Python reference. It requires several full raids which will still probably wipe you, and only one person will get the only loot which is a pet version of the rabbit.
I sent this to my boss
I am not only fired but have to face and fight a furious obese greek man.
Any tips on how to do that outsidexbox?!
7:20 he may be out of shape but he’s covered wars you know.
The staff at OutsideXbox needs to stand their ground against the inexplicable boss “Andy Farrant”. When he ironically faux fires you for bad humor, just remember: wearing children-sized tee-shirts is not a superpower.
Great Mighty Poo from Conkers Bad Fur Day
Do the Mad Midget Five remind anyone else of the Ginyu Force from Dragon Ball Z?
So both The Simpsons and SouthPark had you fight God
Wait. Out of all the bosses in South Park the Fractured But Whole, you went with Morgan Freeman?
This entire list could have just been from that game
When the giant turtle boss's butt attacks you in Contra Shattered Soldier...
Finally someone shares my hatred of turkeys.

We can celebrate turkey revenge day together.
It's a lootbox in the upcoming Starfox Remastered
No mention of one of the greatest and weirdest boss fights of all time? BOB the KILLER GOLDFISH?
Of all the South part game bosses that's the one you picked!!! WHAT ABOUT THE NAZI ZOMBIE FUETUSES or even worse... Al Gore
Oh come one the Starfox slot machine is clearly a pre-emptive warning about the dangers of loot boxes...
The Mad Midget Five's the second weirdest Super Sentai parody after Akibaranger!
9:58 to 10:06 - Get a bucket and some aloe vera cos that is one sick burn.
Every game should have the company CEO as a hidden boss. Just saying.
Star Fox, protecting us all from in game gambling. To bad in the long run, that mission failed
Look no further than The Binding of Issac for a plethora of WTF bosses
I want a game where the final boss is a player pretending to be a NPC.
What? No Mirror B from the From Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness?
What about "The Great Mighty Poo" from conker.... I mean his teeth was corn..
God was a weird one but let's not forget you fight Sims creator Will Write in the Simpsons game as well
Also, basically all the bosses in Cuphead..
What about the vampire rockstar in DMC3 who kisses you to death, and evaporates into a swarm of bats, then becomes a guitar at the end?
In my experience gease are worse than turkey's. At 10:37 is that Zoidberg?
Wow, the God Hand boss was genuinely quite offensive
I love how the Mad Midget 5 is a Himitsu Sentai Goranger parody as opposed to the Sentai series used in Power Rangers. They even dress the same!
I think starfox may have predicted the battle between video games and gambling microtransactions
I admit I clicked this video because of the image. I had to see the Super Sentai based boss.

What I didn't expect for them to be a direct reference to J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai! Including a it's giant V logo. Joker is the head of the group, though he doesn't fight but it felt so obvious a reference/parody it's really cool. Especially since I love that old show. XD
Honestly, every entry in this video could have been a Killer 7 boss and it would be just as weird; if not more so.
Well, now we know where Cuphead got the idea for the final stage of that frog fight.
Paul from Saints Row 4. I mean.. His name is Paul... And also  he is a giant can of "saints flow"
If you watch more oxtra than oxbox then Andy is the weird boss.
I think the mad midget 5 is meant to be a reference to the Japanese TV show J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai
Another fun fact about God Hand's Mad Midget Five: Their theme song is fantastic. It's one of the best in the game, and entirely out of place for a song that hype. It's called "Sunset Heroes" on the game's Soundtrack, which is a far more awesome of name than what befits that boss-fight. 



I mean, I think it's an awesome name.
Took me a moment to figure out that "Tim Ezd" wasn't a credit.
I can't believe you didn't mention fighting poop. Poop. Nuff said.
anybody from the 2012 Ghostbusters game no well make a part 2 and please put this in or that fat guy who drugged me
"You can find me at the.....club"
I hate myself so much for how hard I laughed at that
Being dead the game 
Normies playing hard mode in sekiro
In dead rising 4 I feel like the santa boss fight was way more weird
Jane is right, "god is dead" is Nietzsche.  It's also a song by black Sabbath which features on the album "13".
The song is a reference to Nietzsche who said "god is dead, god remains dead and we have killed him."
7:27
Possible Legend of Zelda reference?
Every boss In "Conkers Bad Fur Day", "Persona 4" and "Persona 5"
This makes that skyscraper-sized, cannibalistic manatee, who Guybrush has to beat by getting her a date from answering enough questions with pre-formed and unrelated sentences correctly, seem perfectly normal.
The senator from metal gear rising,  seriously, wth
Well, half of the games on the list are on my Games-to-play-in-the-future List.
Now I have a choice: close the video or leave my job indefinitely until I finish every game on the list...
Wait... How does that drums guy pond the bass drumm?!
I'm gonna assume you chose not to include Conkers Bad Fur Day because it would have taken over the list
Why not just put the name "Every boss ever has some explaining to do"?
What about the Broodals in Mario Odesy
Where's Waluigi?!
Matsuda seems to run on the belief that if you're a boss of a video game company, YOU ARE A GOD. YOU RULE OVER ALL WORLDS, REAL OR FICTIONAL.
Bosses again? Have my previous employers emailed you to do these videos to provoke me to comment on past bosses? Because if they have then they have some explaining to do! 🤔
I feel a sudden  and compelling need to play Godhand....classic japanese bizareness!!!
StarFox be like You beat the game now play a casino game.
The mad midget 5 are basically J.A.K.Q Dengekitai. Power rangers in Japan In 1977 😂
Wha.. Zoidberg is in a Simpsons game?
Still tho we need to know what that Nier DLC name stood for
your wife in Postal 2's DLC
Diminutive Sentai MIDGETRANGER!!!
Supriesed that Majima (Yakuza Kiwami) is not in this. After all, he Stalks you forever to fight you or do Majima things (Majima things are beautiful)




You can put in Dural from Virtua Fighter (all of them), she's just metalli- 
were the makers of Cuphead inspired by Starfox?
YEP IT'S OFFICIAL ..
the starfox crew are high on somthing
Mad midget 5? more like discount power rangers gone wrong!
You should have covered Cho Aniki and just everything in that masterpiece of lunacy
Uh, Grim Gobbler isn't the first time a mascot was an enemy in the Dead Rising series. Remember Slappy from DR2? And no it isn't the first time Frank West had to beat a mascot to death either, since of the Off The Record version.
1:11 Peyote hallucination, Nintendo video game; is there a difference? Asking for a friend...
Oh, my God.....the Mad Midget Five are Power Ranger wannabes!!!
No More Heroes Desperate Struggle's boss:
Matt Helms.

A teleporting, nude demon child in the body of an obese masked firefighter.
What about the Sehlanthropus in MGSV it had weapons in some... questionable areas
You forgot about Cleopatra in Dante's Inferno
That slot machine thing isn't all that weird. Even Okami's final boss, Yami, has a slot machine form, and it's not even a secret. I think it's because Yami is the personification of all things evil, and by proxy so are gambling machines, and maybe the allure of gambling in general.

Also, I can't believe I 100% Nier Automata... TWICE, without finding those bosses.
Morgan Freeman was a hard fight but I did it :)
You can find me at the....CLUB!
Um...okay dies of laughter
Clearly Star Fox's alternate ending, is Fox is tripping out, probably not drug induced but like some kind of dementia from low 02 or radiation or some other kind bs. 

Also I remember making that bird appear as a kid a few times, never quite figured to fly into it, nor what caused it to show up, I figured it was random.
isn't the mad midget five just a parody of the power rangers
OH SNAP! IT'S THE GOBBLETY GOOKER FROM WWE
Okay but who gave you permission to acknowledge the existence of Dead Rising 4?
Please stop.
Turkeys guys... take it down for the doomsday
Oddly, the tabletop RPG Exalted has it's primary deity "The Unconquered Sun" pretty much wrapped up in playing what I think are called "The Games of Divinity"?  The premise, I believe, is that the rest of heaven has realized that if the Unconquered Sun ever looked around Creation he'd see things were seriously screwed up and just destroy everything. So they have him buried in a divine Xbox while they try to fix things.
Why are the midgets not #5? Missed chance
I see you Andy, pulling out that Instagram shirt 🤙
Had to like and comment just for SKULLMONKEYS
God Hand.


Where do I get this hysterical game?
I feel like any Kingdom Hearts boss could fit on this list, but if I had to pick one, I'd say the Spellican from Dream Drop Distance is definitely up there. I mean, that thing is weird (like any Kingdom Hearts boss should be, especially if they're in Dream Drop Distance), but it summons earlier bosses to do its work? come on, Spellican, now you're just being lazy. fight your own fights.
7:20 when your gun has  1% accuracy.
I'm loving your recent weird/bizarre-themed lists. :D
Um Omega Flowey anyone?! Anybody who’s played Undertale Understand what I mean.
That O|X missed a chance to make a joke about the Gamecocks due to the lack of knowledge of American Collegiate sports, as the mascot in Dead Rising 4 is a dead ringer for the University of South Carolina mascot.

That, or Jane did know and refused to stoop down to that level...
Or i'd actually say that the phantom express is weird
The Simpsons Game?

THANK YOU!
8:33
I think we know where the inspiration for Goliath came from for Devil May Cry 5.
We had a 40lb tom (after cleaning) at our farm one year, and it wasn't even one of the wild black (among other colors) ones. Lucky for us the local Hells Angels had an industrial oven that could house the damned thing, shudder to think how much tin foil it needed to be wrapped in.
4:32 So are they better or worst then the Prism Ranger
1:46 welcome to Dimension TB-000.0000777, the gambling dimension of unseen odds
I'm just glad Dr. Zoidberg got a job after the ending of Futurama.
10:05 i have The Simpsons game for the original xbox
I just realized the Star Fox Slot machine is playing Luis Armstrong’s “when the saints”
What about the senator from metal gear rising? Nanomachines son
The Mad Midget Five remind me of the Cipher brothers from Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness. You meet them when your character first investigates the Cipher Lab near the start of the game, but they recur throughout. They often try to count off but inevitably miscount and worry that someone is missing or that there are spies among them.
Cipher Exec. Miror B. would also make a good choice for a followup list.
How about the time when you fight Thomas the Tank Engine in Skyrim? He cameos later in Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice, I hear.
Andy "I think that makes sense"
Me "It's a 90's platformer, sense is relative"
StarFox be like You beat the game now play a casino game.
Inline skating bomb "expert" in Metal Gear.
Why is Morgan Freeman on this list twice?
One that came to mind was Shadow Hearts From the New World and the He-man Sushi side quest (spoilers) 

where the boss is a vampire pro-wrestler who says his destiny is to share the magic of sushi with the world. To even get to him you fight mini bosses of shirtless men in tights with various kinds of sushi on their heads
5:10 Luke, how could you forget the humble joints? He also has two elbows and two knees!
Late 40's?! Frank's on the wrong side of 50 in DR4. Also, why was Dylan from DR3 not on the list?
I remember trying to beat god in Simpson’s the game I loved the whole game up until that point 😂 never finished his fight because it was so difficult and gave up
Love the mad midget 5 boss theme. Also please make another god hand or remake it.
7:15 well you are forgetting about WEAPONS
Luke and his weird pronouncing again 😄.
Another choice for The Simpsons game Matt Groening with clones of Bender and Zoidberg.
God is empty just like me-William Corgan
....
It's a platinum game (before they were platinum games). you expect anything to make sense?
The godhand boss with the battery is clearly a reference to Chouriki Sentai Ohranger and or it's counterpart Power Rangers Zeo.... The main megazord!
The Simpsons game was actually one of the first games I ever played
OMG starfox brings back memories
FFVI: Ultros. Sevral boss fights that get weirder
Can you guys do a " ___ times your paranoia were justified" so that way I feel better about being paranoid thank you.
Love The Simpsons Game. 😂💙
Out of all the bizarre bosses in Shadow Hearts from the New World, He-Man Sushi always stood out
Forget Deontay Wilder vs Anthony Joshua!!!! The Real fight we want to see in real life is Yosuke Matsuda vs. Morgan Freeman!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No Omega Flowey!? Seriously!?
Honestly, making fun of the Mighty Midget 5 seems like the BEST way to defeat them. You've got to have a lot of confidence to put on some dumb power-ranger-esque costumes and fight a guy with the titular God Hand. Undermining such confidence is clearly the key to victory!


. . .I have no words for Joe-Head Joe, though. Early Playstation games were WEIRD, man.
Wait, wait, whoever did the NieR Automata fight didn't use the "time slows near enemy projectiles" chip?? how
>OX mentions God Hand the same week Sseth reviews it
Oh boy, more Olivia porn!
This list is missing the legend of Dush Life-Drinker
I love you guys. By FAR my favorite youtube channel. Keep on keeping on ! Never split up either!
In mass effect 3s citadel dlc where u literally have Shepard fight Shepard
Yay Northern Ireland mention =D
I love God's white dad dancing. Did Hank Azaria do the mocap?
Star Fox 64 Andross Brain fight.
Slightly disappointed that a boss fight including a couple of robots who are pretending to be the CEOs of the game makers doesn't involve them combining. Because giant robots.
I think the weirdest boss would be Queen Slug for a Butt’s pulsating slug butt in Earthworm Jim.
I will buy any game that allows me to fight Bobby Cotick
God Hand is such a masterpiece.
The entirety of Undertale is weird but Photoshop Flowey is a whole different kind of weird, if that makes sense
Surely you haven't forgotten about the Gigantic Zombie Nazi Aborted Baby from Stick of Truth? I havent forgotten... even my therapist recommended becoming an alcoholic just to cope.
I'm a simple man; I see God Hand, I like the video.
How about...


Your friends


In GTA San Andreas... They welcome you home and give you tasks and then suddenly switch sides and you have to kill them.




I cannot stop staring at Jane, my God what a beauty!😍
Jane looks lovely in the leopard shirt!
About 1/4 of Borderlands bosses could make it on this list 😂
I think it's pretty obvious that the Mad Midget Five's motivation is the Power Rangers. :P The weird 90s version. Come on, we've all got drunk and done some sketchy cosplay.
As soon as the name Yosuke Matsuda popped up my mind went straight to the rookie cop from Death Note.
Surprised No one mentioned Mettaton, Not only are his first few fights are super unusual, but facing his EX form threw everyone off.
Power Rangers and Viewtiful Joe's drugged up Lovechild...
S Q U A R E   E N I X E
God Hand have the best boss
I call myself a WTF Boss.
Level 1, pretty weak

Perks:
-weird
-easily weird people out and defeat them

Huge helpful perks:
-able to avoid eye contacts
-able to avoid conversation
-able to avoid living talking organisms
-able to do all of above because I'm weird
The Simpsons game iš underrated
i would say the last boss in metal gear rising revengeance fits the bill.
"You're not a human, are you?" Rude, much?
I loved The Simpsons Game, me and my brother would not stop it.
The Simpsons Game is exactly the kind of lackluster effort I've come to expect from post Season 9 Simpsons writing. (I'm not feeling generous.)
7:26 all the bosses in DR4 die easily because the dev team decided to make the combo weapons even more OP. Give us a challenge capcom!
I like Jane more after the simpsons remark
God Hand really is full of weird bosses. Don´t forget the Mexican yokai demon who is also Elvis.
Also shoutout to Saints Row 4 where you fight a giant soda maskot and Gat out of Hell which pits you up against Shakespear
Ginu force (from dbz) meets powerangers
Mirror B From pokemon, the afro and Ludicolos was ludicrous
thank you for the spoiler list at the start of the video. I'm gonna throw this in watch later until i complete Nier (I know i'm slow lol). Giving you the like even before i watch the video because good guy editor :)
Jane with the classic Faithless reference!
It's crazy that your mind automatically translate "wtf" but not with "lol"
All of the spots on the list could have been God Hand
Wait, is the protagonist of Skull Monkeys just Klayman from The Neverhood? But now he's in a platformer? What?
I was going to express outrage at Jane’s claim that there isn’t a widely held system of belief that God is a lazy video gamer, but after careful consideration I realized that might just be MY held belief. Touché Jane. Touché

PS: nice mention of Nietzsche 👍
Lol so Fox was stuck in WTF dimension forever with the weird slot machine and even creepier weird faced planets in the background?

Yeah that is kinda... strange.
The second Forest Boss from Dargons Crown. Until that point you fought Wyvern, a Chimera, an Arch Demon and even the Grim Reaper himself. And what is your enemy in the forest? A small white rabbit. And sadly you don't have the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch to deal with it.
3:40 I mean, Luchadors make most anything awesome. That's kind of their point.
final boss in smash anyone? its literally a giant hand slaping you around.
I literally hate every video game boss. Totally diminishes games for me.
I'm surprised none of the OxBox staff were included on this list- or do they just have 'idiosyncrasies'?
...is this a reupload? Or just deja vu
Can you do 7 games that had an early difficulty curve?
No mention whatsoever on the giant energy drink you have to fight in Saint’s Row IV? I expected better from the Oxbox crew.
Holy shiiiiit! God Hand! We need a remake or preferably a sequel!
Build your own tackows anyone else here him saying it like this tackows
Matsuda Yousuke is filling the Cameo King throne.
I think the Grim Gobbler is meant to be a call out to the Gobbledy Gooker, a WWE idea that was amazing!...


...ly terrible. Sorry; weird place to pause there.
Well, you have to fight a toaster in Splatoon 2. Just saying.
Shit if I owned a massive video game company I'd make myself an occasional boss lmao
Shame there wasn't any Oh Sir!
It'd be a giggle seeing  a vs
What about Doom. Where you can enjoy shooting at a severed head. Not weird at all...
I see your Mad Midget Five and raise you the Hexagon Brothers from Pokemon XD: Gale Of Darkness
love the shout out to god hand this video,that game was so crazy
The final boss of Ultima 3: Exodus has some explaining to do because why in the hell would a computer be in an open world fantasy RPG.
Hyperdimension neptunia Had some weird weapons
i was thinking about the joy mutans from lisa: the painful. those things are weard!
Okay nothing could make a sentient flying slot machine weirder
[“When the Saints Go Marching In” begins]
I spoke too soon.
So that's where the Polybius legends come from. Starfox.
Hey what about the that Skull in Geometry dash in the lvl press start it is the final lvl for my Skill p.s that guy can get you out
A lot of the bosses in Bayonetta are pretty weird to look at, and even harder to fight
The mad midget five must know the ginyu force
Do Riot bosses count since they fart on the overworked
I've played the Simpsons game so many times that I know the whole thing word for word, what can I say I love me some Simpsons 😂
I never got far in Star Fox, my older brother did way better. “I got wing damage.” Staying in formation during the training level is just impossible. It was in a time when game over meant start at the beginning

They may not be considered bosses, but in the first Dead Rising, and it took forever, but I finally beat the convicts driving that truck with the big gun on the back. Yay, that area is a lot safer. But then they have some sort of resurrection power, “No, you’re dead. I killed you!!!” They’re not even zombies. The clown stays dead. The cop stays dead. Why won’t they stay dead 😩
Just pick a boss in Cuphead. 

Giant angry vegetables?
A dragon that sprouts 3 heads?
A mermaid that turns into Medusa?
A blimp on a unicycle that turns into a steampunk moon?

We're could be here all year. 😖
2:08 "Shooting the machine's leather"
Mad Midget Five?
Loving the new Power Rangers movie
The Wattle Gobbler or Snowman from the Borderlands 2 headhunter DLCs
It sounds like that Star Fox slot machine attended the Borderlands school of game 'prizes'
Faithless reference...   i approve
Any of the bosses from Catherine!?!
Good list but was kinda hoping to see disgaea prism rangers
Mad midget 5 sounds like jar jar binks
The Great Mighty Poo. Just...The Great Mighty Poo. Nuff said.
Dice C3 11,944 September 27 — remember Nier Automata takes place in the year 11,945.
Like you guys 
It's a boss fight YOUR videos
God Hand doesn't need to explain itself, it's God Hand
There is a reskinned version of the Matsuda fight in FFXV Comrades as the restaurant mascot Kenny Crow.
Theres that guy that fell down stairs in borderlands. He needs more strangth not brains.
I don’t know what the hell is going on, but I think i need to play godhand now.
THAT was in FFXV? Oh it was just in a stream
Are congratulations in order, Jane?
Those floating heads in iRobot.
I appreciate the nietzsche joke. My hours (maybe days by now) studying philosophy actually mean something!
i keep hearing that the Morgan Freeman boos fight is difficult but i found it really easy, anyone else find it easy?
Andy, you should have tried UNcrafting your bolognese into a bowl and whatever "ognese" is.
Does any gamer think that Starfox's boss was trying to us future gamers something?...
Question: where does Jane buy her shirts?
Giant zombie Elvis from Lollipop Chainsaw?
The wedding cake in Super Mario RPG
Thanks OutsideXbox for giving me such suprising news! A third Olympus Has Fallen movie?!?! My life is complete.
Jane as a pilot sounds like a wild ride: "Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen I'm Jane Douglas and will be your captain today, my co pilot God and I would like to welcome you aboard this Oxtra  xbox 360-1x from the present to some nostalgic time in the past"
I hadn’t realized that the Simpsons made a J-rpg
If you thought that Grim Gobbler guy is weird, you must've missed the part about Slappy in Dead Rising 2.  He's even easier to beat too, since you can stun him by jump-kicking him.
i do belive that the mad midget five are some sort of wierd reference to power rangers mixed with viewtifull joe
Nier is not easy when you play at the hardest difficulty. Makes sekiro and dark souls a walk in the park.  Literally took me 6 hours to finish the intro in nier
There's a slight chance I geeked out way too hard when the video started and I was currently wearing the exact same Quintuple D shirt in red
You guys are always on point, but I need to give a special shoutout to all of Luke's line delivery in the last entry. Absolutely perfect.
I was disappointed by the lack of the great mighty poo
8:42 I have many questions
"Where did he get that Tommy Gun?"
Master khoga, zant, majora; all bosses that turned out really weird and crazy
Man, I really wanna see the bloopers of Luke failing to say the name of the Nier: Automata DLC
The final boss of Deadly Premonition who has a doll of himself in his pocket
The mad midget 5 seem like a gag dragon ball enemy.
Holy Wow! Skull Monkeys! I thought I might have dreamed that game...
Jane, that shirt is FIERCE. Clearly you're close to your goal of world domination, you're gaining the fashion sense of a fabulous villain now.
Just started the video and based on the thumbnail I'm disappointed that the Axem Rangers aren't in here.
God hand bosses  reminds me of Ginne force (sorry for the misspelling) from DBZ
Church hymns for the win!!!!! When the Saints Go Marchin in, oh Lord I want to be in that number, when the saints go marching in. Star Fox is teaching hymns in the slot machine fight. Nice!!!
Why is Joe-Head Joe wearing Sir Daniel Fortesque's skull?
Come for the list of bosses, stay for the Nietzsche references.
Is the mad midget 5, the bad guys in pokemon XD Gale of Darkness?
Jane, you fly planes?
What about the dead baby in Witcher 3? Though that was just horrifying...
Number 1 is ProJared
I didn't know Nier Automata got a dlc. I now have a reason to play that game again.
Why do the Mad Midget Five look almost identical to the Hexagon Brothers from Pokemon XD: Gale of Darkness?
If it came out that Japanese Videogame CEO are chosen in a Pacman tournament,  would anyone really be surprised?
A collinder holding sauce?........bruh
wow 
just wow
Aren't the mad midget 5 basically mini power rangers?
The Yakuza games are noted for having plots that are as labyrinthine as they are grounded in reality

...apart from that part in Yakuza 2 where Osaka Castle splits in half to reveal a second, bigger golden castle within where you end up having a fistfight with a pair of tigers
When I saw the thumbnail, I instantly thought “Power Strangers,” or “Stranger Rangers.”
You should check out the ones from Gunstar Heroes. There were boss fights about every 10 feet, and they threw in everything they could think of, no matter how weird they were. 
Also, I'm pretty sure the real reason Kingdom Hearts 3 took so long is because they spent the entire time trying to figure out the lore
Mad Midget V in thumbnail = instant click + like
The mad midget 5 remind me of veautiful joe in different color schemes
Godhand is an acid trip of a game.

And come on, in one of Borderlands 2 small DLCs you fight Ravenous Wattle Gobbler in a Thanksgiving/Hunger Games inspired scenario.
It's as ridiculous as it sounds.
Excellent theology there Jane 👍
Why do all of the members of the mad midget five sound like Elmo
Top 7 videogame bad guys turned good who we cannot forgive
Tell me I'm not the only one who, upon seeing the titles begin to roll, excitedly anticipates Andy talking over them? 😂
If you ever dreamed about being a super powerful boss in a video game and then some time later found yourself to be the head of Square Enix, would you not fullfill your dream?
I remember playing the Simpsons game on PSP when I was younger a few years ago and it was so fun I remember finishing it over and over again...
Where's Romero's Head from Doom
What about Ceaseless Discharge from Dark Souls?
Praystation two jokes in one. Oh thank you!
Is that When the Saints Go Marching In I can hear on Starfox?
The Axem Rangers and The Koopa Bros from the Mario series you make it to the end of their respective areas and you're confronted by knockoffs of the Power Rangers and the TMNT respectively.
My Friend Pedro, the older, free and online version, had a boss that was a weird human ventriloquist thing. I don't do a good job describing it, just beat the game and prepare yourself.
Any list with God Hand is a good list
Scoprions In a Simpsons game? didn't except that, although for a fight against god I would choose solely on the name of the song, their song "to be with you in heaven" ;)
You left out Starfox64 the giant monkey head
You have to fight the giant king of the moogles in Final Fantasy 14, that's pretty odd, also he has a really weird soundtrack in the background... I may have dreamt it??
How about Hakke William / Hakke Brown from "Maken X" for the Dreamcast?  He's an evil former U.S. president and also a boxing robot.
if only yoko taro was a hidden boss as well
more games should let you kick enemies in the crotch like God Hand
wow im jealous of all the people who have played Godhand. That game seems friggin hilarious
Much like most of DR4 but manics where rubbish compared to psychopaths
is this a reupload?
All three consoles? He truly is god!
Why is a non-froggy slot machine weirder than Cuphead's frog slot machine?
How is Killer7 not in here? from the guy whose weakspot was his independently mobile afro to the Handsome Men.
So first you fight the CEO of Square Enix, then you fight the CEO of both Square Enix and Platinum Games.


Now let me remind you readers out there, Yoko Taro is making a raid for FFXIV based on Nier Automata, so.......i would love if the final boss of the raid was actually Matsuda and Yoko Taro drops in to help him midway through the fight.
Anyone else get the Faithless reference? 



That was a Faithless reference right...
The Oregon Trail boss ... life
4:36... the discount, cosplay, retro, Power Ranger force is strong with that one...
Morgan Freeman was sooo difficult
I got one. Palmer from FF7
God hand was such an amazing game, the game (some of the) bosses are weird in general they all have amazing personality
No one gonna mention the dancing weirdo miror b. In pokemon colosseum
Super sentai  \(*_*)/
I mean... almost all the bosses in the Metal Gear series are pretty weird if you ask me
At square enix, your boss is your boss.
Most bosses in Godhand fits this description
The Mad Midget 5 are a homage/parody of Super Sentai/Power Rangers as it has the same theme as J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai
I don't mind "hard" bosses, But i can't stand cheaply made bosses with broken tracking, and 8-9ft of extra attack range on top....
While I'm not sure that this actually counts as a boss as not only can you use them but you don't actually get to fight them directly, but Totally Accurate Battle Simulator (aka TABS for short) has a boss unit for each faction, and while the Mammoth (Tribal), Giant Da-er I mean the King and his mighty Zweihander (Medieval), Minotaur and Zeus (Ancient) make sense.  The other three are very much WTF.  Though my pick would have to be the Viking Faction's boss unit the Longship:


It's a Viking Longship, but it's being held up by two dudes with three people holding big oars inside, the two holding it up somehow throw the ship down and the three inside get off and hit people with their oars.  I should mention that even this ship has googly-eyes, at least until it's dropped.  It's not all that amazing but it's a funny unit nonetheless.


The other two are the Farmer faction's boss unit the Scarecrow witch is a Scarecrow that shoots out crows at units and the recently added Dynasty faction's Dragon which is one of those dragons held up by people during festivals that BREATHS FIRE (it also has googly-eyes BTW).


Oh and the earlier version of the game had the Chicken Man Man, this was a giant dude who pooped out Chicken Men, who were basically smaller versions who pooped out chickens instead (so the Chicken Man Man came before the Chicken).  That was a bizarre unit to say the least, it's a shame that it was scrapped in the Early Access release.


There are other units that aren't boss units or are secret units that are quite WTF and it would take a while to name them all, the Snake Archer though isn't all that great, but a funny unit, particularly when you see a unit swarmed by danger noodles/snakes.


I'm looking forward to the next two factions and what WTF units and boss units they add as well.


It was either that or the Curse-Rotted Greatwood or Gaping Dragon from the souls series.
I really need to play God Hand someday XD
the last video game boss are actual company boss(es) :P
If LSD wasn’t involved in the the creative process for the slot machine boss.... i have concerns over the Star Fox team
It's 2019, all 30 people who beat Godhand stopped caring about the Mad Midget Five.
The Mad Midget 5 - good times!
Man I wish Reggie Fils-amie was a secret boss in a Nintendo game. That would have been epic
You guys are video bosses.  I can play with the YouTube video controls to pit Andy and Jane against each other. Play, fast forward, skip, double speed... you get the idea.
Jane looks really nice today.
Since you Matsuda on here, how about another video game boss fight? (See what I did there?) Hinozall from the Yo-kai watch series. In particular the fight against him in blasters.
Keep OutsideXtra on their own channel.
Oh man that Corneria music... SOOO GOOD!
I should not have watched this was both tired and drunk. I’m....so confused?
The mad midght 5 are the ginyu force
The mad midget 5 remind me of crappy ripoff of power rangers
Jar jar binks in God hand.
No Miror B from Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness? The disco dude was one of the strangest enemies of any Pokémon game. He even had his own funky fresh theme!
I remember accidentally finding that level in starfox. I seriously thought my brother slipped some LSD into my dinner. He did but it still didn’t explain that level
To be fair with the whole weird ass boss fights half of the games that do them range from south park,family guy,and yes the Simpsons
00:34  Starfox - Jane
03:06  God Hand - Luke
06:08  Dead Rising 4 - Jane
07:52  Skullmonkeys - Andy
  The Simpsons Game - Jane
  South Park: The Fractured but Whole - Andy
-  Nier Automata - Luke.
*blink* *blink*
When you do videos wtf are you looking at?
Guys, we did it. We found the weakness to the Jane Boss. Turkeys.
I now sorely regret not taking the opportunity to play god hand at my cousins place.




If you guys ever see this message I wanna say Jane is so cool \(>_<)/
Killer 7, any boss can make this entire list like the anime angel girl with faces in her back, or the scripted Handsome Men battle. Nice to see some love to God Hand :)
everyone loves a good bossfight, not all bossfights are good
South park was kind of a gimme
Skullmonkeys! Such an underrated game, and sequel to an awesome point and click game, The Neverhood.
What? No Gary Coleman in Postal 2 in this list?
Wish they would remake or make a new god hand
I swear I've seen this list before.... Like a few weeks ago, is this a re-release? Am I going mad? Is this an alternate dimension???
I love Jane's Lopard-print shirt!
The thumb nail doesn’t match the title
I’m sorry but I still need to give it to Flowey from Undertale. I mean what the actual hell?!
Frank has fought a mascot everyone knows Slappy
I can't get over tackows
I will say all of those Majima fights in the Yakuza series... I mean, Zombie Majima is pretty weird. And they are even funny!
10:40 Why not Zoidberg?
@janedouglas merry me, lol.
We're all just Sims.
Ac origins snake battle???
Is Luke auditioning for the role of one of these bosses with that shirt?
I like the way Andy says "tacos."  That's all.  That's the comment.
Those Neir Automata bosses though are great. Love it
The weirdest boss i ever came across was The rocket launching dinosaur riding ghost mice from theres no time to explain

Im being dead serious
Persona 5, can i say all of them?
godhand is so criminally underated
4:36 hey power rangers
Those power rangers sound like Jar Jar Binks
God damn turkeys!
persona 4 rise kujikawa, need i say more?
My boss is weird too.
KH 6 years. FF VII remake 12 years.
No Ellen? I'm sad. Ellen is bae
And just like that, I remember that defeating Morgan Freeman is the only achievement I'm missing.
Why did dead rising fighting the Virgina tech mascot?
........why do I feel like I've already seen this video 20 times before?
I love Andy's "Dungeons and Diners and Dragons and Drive-Ins" shirt!
What about Midgemong from Borderlands 2? A psycho midget riding a bullymong
I remembered god being the final boss in the Simpsons Game, but none of the DDR stuff. I couldn't work out why I didn't recognise that bit (seems pretty memorable). Then I realised it's because I got about 1/3 of the way into that game, got fed up and just put in a very handy cheat code that unlocked all the game's cutscenes and watched that instead.
Okay I'm just going to get this out of the way for the future what the hell are these bosses? 😕
I think that white lighting level in the video has some explaining to do
Those 'V' midgets seem to be a clear nod (or knock?) to the Viewtiful Joe costume design...
GOD HAND needs an HD remake
I was going to say borderlands, but there are so many weird ones that it's hard to choose the weirdest.
Andy  i'm impressed at your skill to eat sauce in a colender that is used to drains liquid. we must see this magic!
What does Andy's shirt say?
Dungeons & Diners & Dragons & Drive-ins & (I guessing) Dives
What the mad midget five just happened. Take me back to trippy jackpot land
God gave us Jane. Why are we arguing about this?
Heaven smells like lotion.... 🤔
I have never heard of God Hand but it looks amazing :D
Give Jane better lines!!
chained ogre from sekiro isn't actually a boss, it's just a mini boss
"Morgan free man has a devastating AOE  fart attack, not a sentence I was expecting to say this morning ". I feel for Andy lol.
And I thought Flowey was weird.
The family guy video game Peter fights people in Clam costumes
The way he says tacos cringes me
I feel like this list could be filled entirely using the quirky games released for the Amiga in the 80s and 90s.

Parasol Stars, the third game in the Bubble Bobble canon, had several of them, all to the tune of the Lambada!  The boss of the second world is a duck in a plant pot that shoots smaller duck plants at you, the boss of the third world is a Lapras with an active volcano on its back that rains boulders down on you and the true final boss is Chaostikan who is a demon... thing with six arms and wings, talons and is kinda fluffy like the build-a-bear workshop of our nightmares.  Also it attacks by (among other things) summoning dragons at you.

This theme is also present in Rodland, where the weirdest example is an elephant trapeze artist who flies around the stage and alternates between trying to crush your little fairy with its ample body or just shooting smaller elephants at you. 

James Pond 2: Robocod and 3: Operation Starfish also have several of these.  In the former you fight through various themed bosses in santa's workshop that roughly correspond to the levels (giant teddy bear, giant car with teeth, the queen of hearts).  The penultimate boss has you fight a fat ballerina that jumps from side to side whilst a reflection of you has the same identical fight with the same boss, but you can switch sides if you want? I've beaten that game loads of times in speedruns and I still don't know how to describe it!
the Mad Midget Five are a parody of the Super Sentai series. Specifically the second installment in the series J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai
Midget 5= Power Rangers parody
So, Fox's options were die or wish he died?  Nice.
Joe Head Joe broke Andy! Damn it, Joe!
How the hell have I never heard of God Hand?
Ok Luke shirt is fun!  Adam's is cool
Skull Monkeys is actually a sequel to an adventure game called The Neverhood, created by the same guy who made Earthworm Jim
Honestly anything from cuphead would fit this list.
I haven’t watched the video yet but the guys in the thumbnail are probably the Ojama trio...
4:25 i wanna play god hand so bad now :'(
They make good videos, but there jokes arnt funny and the acting is unejoyable
Oh my God Matsuda, why?
Krotchy from Postal 2
My toodle used a noodle on a poodle.
did anyone else spot zoidberg in the simpsons game in the god boss fight?? :O
3:10 "Who da hell you think you is?!"
Good to see that shout-out to God Hand. Didn't know people still knew about it.
...a jerk with a magic arm who spends 80% of his time doing what anyone in his position would do. ...mastu-
Oh erm, nothing to see here.
Everyone knows God is a guy playing the worlds largest game of SIMS, were actually just Sims!
see, i would argue that Yosuke-sama is the ONLY boss in this list who DOES make sense. HE IS A LITERAL BOSS!
What about Mimmy from No more Heroes 2?  She is a literal anime character that Henry fights in a dream he's having because his brother Travis is watching anime.
All of the bosses in Cho Aniki. All of them.
How dare you talk bad on, Gerard Butler.
I wonde who the weird boss of oxbox is?
Where did you get your Dragons and Diners shirt?
Saints row 4 any boss
Andy, that shirt is almost as complimentary as your beard. Wherever did you get such awesome threads? (Canadian here)
Ok that 2nd one made me go WTF.
This is why I watch this channel, they introduce me to the weirdest games with the wittiest commentary
Mad midget 5= go go power rangers
Amen
I don't know why but that slot machine scares the hell out of me. Just something about the implications of how GIGANTIC that thing must be.
Where my boi Micolash at?
What about vortex queen in eco the dolphin entire game was weird but that boss was a drug trip
The fat Lady from deadrising4
Not a single borderlands boss? What about 9 toes, midge-mong, or the entire rest of the borderlands franchise?!?
One of the mad midgets look like tony stark from the side.
Hmm. God Hand Ginyu Force
Worst food I've actually created. The bologne butter. Bologne and peanut butter. Yuk.
godhand is a Japanese game right?
What about the light from cuphead?
God Hand is a crazy ass game that deserves a remaster
You think the Mad Midget Five are weird? Need I mention the demon Magical Girl parody who pole dances for him before trying to turn him into a poison Chihuahua? 

And how about that bit Kingdom Hearts where you fight Oogie Boogie in Halloween town? Not so much a fight as it is navigating his giant casino of death as he runs from you, but still a rather weird fight based on a movie by Tim Burton.

And all things considered, everything in Cuphead could count too, since... well you've played the game, so you know. Personally Sally Stageplay is the weirdest in my book. You don't just fight her, you fight her life story in play format complete with a random ascension to godhood that acts as an Off Broadway Production of Final Fantasy 6's final boss.


Come to think of it, Yooka Laylee has you fighting a wall on a ramp, the great Rampo! All because he mistakes you for a window salesman.

And hey, Mario Oddysey ain't exactly normal with its boss of "Giant wooden robot piloted by wedding planner moon rabbits". How's THAT for a weird combo of words?
Square anix
Mario RPG gives you some wacky bosses but they all fit the tone of the game...unless you do a side quest to get a hidden boss. If you accomplish it, you're given the chance to open a door that leads to...a Final Fantasy boss. Culex wouldn't be out of place as the final boss in a FFV style game, but in a Mario game that's kept a consistent tone to that point, the "dark knight of Vanda" is a massive WTF boss that outclasses anything else the game throws at you.
Donkey kong in punch out wii because reply a boxing gorilla
The weirdest boss I think I ever fought is the Octo Oven in Splatoon 2's single player. Yes, it's a really big machine with multiple ovens all over it. And its cooking loaves of Octarian bread. By that, I mean the Octopod enemies of the single-player campaign are loaves of ink-covered bread for some inexplicable reason. And it also has a built-in glazer... That shoots geysers of ink to serve as a rotating wall of death, and inky cinnamon sticks that serve to block your path.
What about cuphead
This list proves at least this much: video game developers have, let’s say, quirky senses of humour. Or they live in rooms with no mirrors, no windows, no doors, and no escape hatch.
you did this before
Well. I guess that slot machine really is armed.

That God Hand boss sure doesn't make much sen...tai?

LEGO, turkey. Turkey, LEGO.

Oh, interesting. I assume you really can't see God's face in any part of The Simpsons Game? That's what the footage is implying. I guess that's one way to enforce "No man can see My face and live": keep most of it offscreen.
no sr4 where you fight a giant soda can with arms and legs.
4:01 the subtitles say : "hitting the DRUGS ... yellow city!" ... yea, great localization from English to ... oh crap ... English?!?
inb4 the slot machine is the next character in smash
4:54 these clowns obviously are trying to hard to become the next best Ginyu Force
So temple run is the sequel to skull monkeys🤔
The mermaid lady from Cuphead
Yeah Cuphead had some weird ones, but I feel nothing beats: Mermaid turning into a Gorgon, Gorgon turns into floating head
6:21 Negan is that you?
I've been raked & kicked by a turkey. It hurt.
Really? No Miror B or the Power Ranger Trainers from Pokemon Coliseum/XD Gale of Darkness?
What about Paul from Saints Row 4?? Or is it just safer to not try to understand the psychology behind those developers?
Beat Sekiro without dying, and now playing without Kuro's Charm.  Oh man, it's so good.  As for a "weird" boss fight in a Souls game, there's the Folding Screen Monkeys in Sekiro.  The opening sets it up, with a monkey in a kimono and pince nez glasses who then freaks out and runs away.  It's all bizarre, fun, and awesome.
"Don't act like you don't like the Ball Busta" Someone call Johnny, I think I just found a new star AND name for his next movie.
Guess he wants to be the Stan lee of his games
I'm tempted to work on a series of clearly weird and near impossible to explain bosses for a game. Just to see if it takes off.
more of a mini boss but Dom the gimp champion from saints row 4 enter the dominatrix DLC. First capture furries, service zemos, gimp race and then an actual fight.
How about Legend of Zelda: Spirit Tracks, where the final boss is an actual demon train?
Does The Master Hand and The Crazy Hand from the Smash Bros series count?
Japan is on LSD.
Spoiler I think an answer to both games going meta and strage bosses, would be the Nier Automata Ending when battling the end credits.
I'm still trying to wrap my head around Square Enix's boss being put in as a boss fight.  Like does he do it for shits and giggles or is it a ego boost, also damn he's tough as all hell.
What, no Parodius?
I want to beat up the ceo of CAPCOM in dead rising 2 off the record now because of this video
... Did I heat Jane utter the awful pun 'cluckily'? Because if so, that is the worst. May Dob make you into a... hellspawn orphange?
Godhand is hands down one of the most WTF games I've ever played. It's a classic for sheer weirdness.
What’s weird is hearing a jazzy rendition of Jingle Bells in May
I feel like the Mad Midget V could be a cross between Power Rangers and Captain Planet's Planeteers. Or else Voltron.
bruh, no slappy? he is even in the same series and you pick the chiken? actually most bosses are better than the gobbler. like the mailman boss from deadrising 2
OMG the Star Fox developers knew the future. Because nowadays, the slot machine is pretty much the real endboss of every big game coming out.
God Hand was great no matter the hate XD
Im the 156th commet
one boss fight i remember pretty well is from a game i don't think anyone else played - ratchet and clank: size matters had you fight against Luna, a three year old girl that's secretly an android manned by thousands of tiny technology goblins, and also she's piloting a combine harvester on a very narrow platform above an instant death pit. you can't fault the developers' creativity, lmao
Some really strange bosses indeed
but where can i get Andy’s shirt from? i need it for reasons
I would say Slappy (the restaurant mascot on roller blades) was Frank's first encounter with crazed mascots if Slappy wasn't from DR2 and Chuck Green's kill
Great video, other than including South Park, which I’m not a fan of
Imagine my disappointment that the bonus boss fights in Nier Automata didn't include Yoko Taro himself. Wouldn't have mind the opportunity to smack him a few times...
How do they never include No More Heroes in boss fight videos? The whole series is defined by their wacky over the top weird bosses.
The mad midget 5? and here i thought the Prism rangers from the disgaea series was weird
Psycho Mantis?
Lots of the Cuphead bosses are quite weird. Of the lot, the Boxing Frogs that turn into a slot machine strike me as the most wtf...
This list could consist entirely of God Hand bosses.
Why was zoidberg in the Simpsons game
Nobody gonna point out Luke contemplated heading someone in the balls. That's not an attack, that's straight up murder.
4:35 Those are the Power Rangers. Yep, definitely Power Rangers, no other explanation.
4:29 Power rangers rip off lmao
Youngster Joey
4:54 ginyu force knockoff
3:40 I love that the lucha gorilla is just as perplexed by this question as I am.  
I haven't played God Hand, but I expect I'll succumb to the little crazy voice in the back of my head if I dare.
Are we seriously not going to bring up Conker's fur Day Giant poo boss?
Wait a third Has Fallen movie?? I love those movies!  To the internet! BatMan Transition
9:19 Reality is often disappointing
get plucked
Now if nier automica (if I misspelled this I'm sorry) was made by bioware the weird boss would probably be the head of EA and his special attack would steal all your in game cash.😆
Zant from twilight princess. All he does is just spaz around
Finally one video that mentions God Hand thank Goddess.
Am the 666th liker lmao
How can you forget about (or not cnow) terraria there is wall made out of...... FLESH
The five Godhand creatures are based on power rangers
The Kosher Mad Cow Zombie from Postal 2.  That was just... insane.  (and so was The Postal Dude, by that point)
I'm glad I wasn't the only one that ate food out of a colander at university, it was either that or a shoe at one point in our communal kitchen.
Every boss from boogerman: a pick and flick adventure
The Boss fight against the twins in Far Cry New Dawn was probably among the shittiest ever.
You put in a South Park boss and didn't put in the Nazi Zombie Aborted Kardashian Baby from Stick of Truth?
Dang Jane!!!
No mention from the chairs of splatter house?
God Hand is a treasure.
I have a serious case of deja'vu right now...
That boss from God Hand is basically a bunch of different Super Sentai put together. JakQ and Bioman for sure. Either Fiveman for GoggleV.
The chained ogre is not a mini boss not a full boss
WHAT ABOUT PARODIUS!!!!!!!!
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers (SNES) had some weird bosses.
A skeleton that gets dismembered and spits fire, with a magical sword.
A goblin which can teleport, which has a sharp hoe.
A big human-shaped pile of eyes, which shoot out its eyes at you. And also has laser vision. In the end of the battle, he turns into a Cthulu-like floating eyeball.
A human fox with a weird fashion sense, with a bird on his shoulder, that can command floating fox heads to shoot themselves at you.
Which can go invisible.
A green ninja (not pokemon) which jumps around and jabs and slices you with his sword, with smoke bombs which can teleport him. And he also drops bombs on you.
I always knew God was a gamer
the CEO Fights would've been way cooler with laser eyes and huge blades instead of... givin head
Holy shit skullmonkeys! I had that on ps1 just thought it was a fever dream lost to my mandela affected mind.
I actually beat the game first and beat Morgan freeman in 15 minutes it wasn’t hard but i might have cheated by using the plant based ultimate that heals and revives everyone so probably counts as cheating
Why did you stop releasing video in 60 fps?
I feel like the mad midget five Parody the Power Rangers Lol
Where is The Great Mighty Poo?
Giant flying babies from Drakengard
Why you didn't put No More Heroes one or two
There was that weird fever dream boss in Axiom Verge. You actually control the boss, and basically have to watch yourself kill yourself. Strange.
The great mighty poo
You think Morgan Freeman was weird? What about Jared from subway or Michael Jac... oh wait sorry Cory Haim from the dusk to casa Bonita dlc?
11:12 ea logo
God Hand stream
I suppose the Parodius series is just plain weird/silly all the way through, rather than just the Boss fights, but a Ballet Dancing Panda and a Penguin with a Toilet on his head are two of the more sensible bosses.
What about when you had to fight a giant naked Frank Fontaine at the end of Bioshock 1? I'll never look at charming guys with Irish accents the same way ever again!
I feel like Bloody Mary from Terranigma has some explaining to do, like why she has Christopher Columbus locked up in a dungeon in her castle and why she makes you play a game of Simon says with her creepy puppets before you can actually fight her.
Mad midget five is 100% viewtiful joe
The Earworm from the "Claptrap's Claptastic Voyage" DLC for Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel.  It's the literal embodiment of a cheesy pop song which is stuck in Claptrap's head and, as you are also stuck in Claptrap's head, he asks you to be a bro and kill it.  The result is one of the most annoying, yet cheerily upbeat, boss fights in the entire series.  The best part?  Like any good earworm, it doesn't die immediately.  You have to kill it several times,  meaning you spend a VERY long time listening to the same bad pop song on repeat.  So now it's stuck in your head too.

(And then, by the end of the mission, you turn out to be responsible for Claptrap's love of dubstep.  Because that wound needs salt rubbed in.)
So happy to see God Hand in a list, could've easily filled the entire video only with it's bosses
The weirdest part about the Morgan Freeman fight is that it's possible to beat Morgan Freeman.
God Hand was one of the best games ever because it was so weird. It made you love it XD .

As for The Simpson Game. We don't talk about that steaming pile of crap. Ever -_- . Or Dead Riseing 4 for that matter, which could have been a good game, but instead killed the Franchise, Ala Dead Space 3.
6:15 ...Jingle Bells? It’s not July!
N. Brio from Crash Twinsanity. It's not the boss itself, but the music
This list was weird
No cuphead?
I forgot Skullmonkeys existed. Thank you for reminding me of that weird game I played in my childhood.....
Not the traditional WTF but the Dalamadur from Monster Hunter.  440 meters long, nearly 4 times as long as the next biggest monster, a monster you have to fight using cannons and ballista...you don't get that for the Dalamadur, it's just you and your weapons vs this giant snake that wraps around freaking mountains
11:46 I have not fallen! This time...
What if I told you that we all have a skull for a head.
Did anyone else feel like the white background was a bit overexposed on this episode? It hurt my eyes.
Has anyone else see the leperod doing comatary very neat shirt (no creepyniss intended)
Can't help it, but when seeing the Mad Midget Five the primary thing to cross my mind is that they might be related to Tingle... somehow. In which case, I am not going to mourn any deaths and only wish you could kick Tingle until he dies.
Why the hells has there not been a God Hand remake/remaster?!
4:40 hey look those colored cipher peons from pokemon XD gale of darkness
No folding screen monkeys from Sekiro?
Pretty much any boss from any game of the Cho Aniki series.
What is god hand and where can i get it?:p
Why is there no Flowey from Undertale on this list. I mean a photoshopped chtulhu monster with a TV for a face.
Hey guys what about Dylan , Dead rising 3 ? He was haha interesting
How many times do they say the word “after mentioned” in this video
Where can I get that guy dnd shirt?
I know these arent that weird, but some mega man bosses are ridiculous. Most of them were made for some industrial service, but i dare you to find a valid reason for the existance of blast man and acid man?!
Idk if it is your beautiful accent guys or maybe your sense of humour or your incredible skills to write your script (for those who are in front and behind the cameras) but you kill it in every single list and video. Love the channel!
Remember the game Combat of Giants: Dinosaurs? Well, you could find a good few hidden WTF bosses ranging from a British Phone Box, to a bipedal Monster Truck that attacks by punching with its front wheels and let's not forget the most terrifying of bosses: the School(at least I think a School was one of the bosses, I haven't played the game in a long time).
Could have swore they already did this list... but hey Jane Douglas is in this video so.... I can deal with it
Power rangers
How about the Japanese female doll in Kingdom Hearts III? Quite the odd thing to be a boss.
Any boss from Parodius. Seriously
How about a murkey a man and turkey
I feel like there needs a be a Borderlands enemy here.
What about the Clocktower boss in Epic Mickey? It's the It's A Small World ride with arms. It even has the music.
Japan World Cup is a movie
God is a DJ is a fantastic song by P!nk.
The midget five are secretly the power rangers but my an alternate dimension filled with leprechauns and the gnomes from Snow White.
You forgot to mention that Morgan Freeman won't fight you if your character is black in South Park
Finally, Skullmonkeys gets some love.
I loved The Simpsons Game, but I remember due to at the time being catholic and all my friends and family were very catholic the final boss being God was frowned upon and only I found it funny and fun.
Wierd bosses and no mention of Cho Aniki?  For shame!
Is bro cockeyed?
I dont care spoilers
The 5 midgets are from Pokemon Colosseum, a old Game Cube game where the whole point was to take corrupted Pokemon from an evil organization. The 5 dudes are literally only meant to block your way out of the city, and there are 5 exits. Whichever you choose will give you the chance to catch a different Pokemon, but you can only fight one, as if you win they all run away
How about the Ravenous Wattle Gobbler in the Thanksgiving DLC for Borderlands 2. It was basically a giant alien turkey that you and several other mercenaries were hired to kill on live TV, ala Smash TV style.
I don't think it's really fair calling those random moments in Dead Rising 4 bosses, or even Psychopaths. They never had any significant buildup or at least any sort of cutscene to give you some sort of inkling that they were going to be a serious boss fight, and they all went down WAY too easily. They really don't deserve the title of "boss"
There are some videos that are just too strange to watch whilst eating breakfast
Mad midget 5 is a spoof of mighty morphin power rangers
As far as Godhand goes, I think the Psychic Midget tops even the Mad Midget Five. I mean, he's a fantasy-themed midget with telekinesis, and even he has no idea how he got into that game.
I have  a hard time believing that Luke doesn't think PowerRanger when confronted with those midgets. I did. And I was never a fan. I did however raise a boy during that time and ...I don't want to talk about it....sigh.
What about the over weight wheel chair bound buffet hoarding woman from dead rising
I’d completely forgotten about the end boss of The Simpsons and the dance off to The Scorpions. I’m now reminded why I forgot.
But those suits tho
No Master Hand from Super Smash Brothers? A giant hand that shoots lasers from it's fingertips, and rockets from its' wrists isn't on this list?
Any boss in Sunset Overdrive?
I would suggest hilda berg's last phase
Funny thing is, chained ogre is just a mini boss, he’s not even a boss.
remember, Velociraptors are deadlier and better organized turkeys that may be smarter than you. turkeys only need those things to be close to Velociraptors.
God Hand looks like a good time.
I swear that these past few videos have had some list entries that feel eerily familiar...
I'm not saying the Mad Midget Five are weird versions of the Power Rangers(which is saying something), but... well... I mean... Just look at them.
No mighty poo from conkers bad fur day? I don't blame you for leaving him out because of what he is but at the same time he should of been on the list for a higher WTF?! factor then most bosses.
Like someone pointed out in the comments below, Google a Saints Row 4 character named Paul
Hardly counts as a boss, but Kanetsugu from Sengoku Basara Samurai Heroes 3 would be on my list! He introduces himself as the "Invincible Kanetsugu". But it turns out you can kill him in two hits. Really, just why?
Why are there power rangers in the game in the first clip?
the morgan freeman bossfight was actually pretty easy, if a bit slow for me. I had kenny on my team and each time he died i used his special to revive him and hit my charmed character so that he was on my side again, and then i could hit freeman one time until i wwas charmed again. Rinse and repeat for like 15 minutes and i finally won
The meaning of the nier dlc's name is 3 costumes 3 colloseums and the rest is a date that appears in the music video for the song "Deserving of Life" by amazarashi.
Gauntar O Dimm they never explained who or what or where he was from
I'm surprised you didn't include The Great Mighty Poo from "Conker's Bad Fur Day" during which this inexplicable thing has not only gained sentience and a hatred for squirrels of which you unfortunately are one,  but also  a surprisingly good singing voice which he puts to use in doing a villain monologue.
The Mad Midget Five... They look like Viewtiful Joe's rejected cousins trying to be the Power Rangers while all of them sound like Elmo.
Speaking of bosses and Dance Dance Revolution, how about boss songs from DDR? I mean 90% of the game is happy Japane techno, 5% licensed tracks, and the other 5%.... scary stuff. Still have nightmares from hearing a certain 2MB song.
9:44 No good example of God being a lazy video gamer? I mean, except for those who believe Jane is God, naturally.😉 They have it just about right, I reckon.😜
Where was Parodius?
OH MY GOD SKULLMONKEYS MY FAV GAME OF ALL TIME
The mad midget 5 are the power rangers just they look really stupid.
Is it just me or does this feel like a repost?
Mimi from Super Paper Mario beats this entire list due to sheer mood whiplash.
Does macho man Randy Savage modded into skyrim counts? if not I know at this point is almost cliche but what about the great mighty poo! is, as its name implies, a great mughty poo that sings!
At the end of "From Russia with Love" you fight evil henchman Red Grant in a giant ceiling mounted SPECTRE (except not really because liscencing stuff) spider shaped life support mecha, armed with heavy machineguns, grenade launchers, and a laser cannon on a rotating carousel.  I admit, I haven't seen that movie in about a year and a half, but I don't remember that happening.
Space nonsense = paper airplanes
I see NieR I like the video I’m an extremely simple person. 

Also I lol’d at these so there’s that too
I love how Andy justifies the collander, not the expired bollanaise sauce.
What about chansey from Luigi’s mansion? The giant screaming baby? Come on guys.
We are all characters in a IRL video game called Life!
The gorilla boss in God Hand isn't even a real gorilla. It's a guy in a costume.
Aren't the Mad Midget 5 like a Sentai/Power Rangers Viewtiful Joe reference? Viewtiful Joe being another game series made by Clover Studios.
I couldn't figure out how to get the Flame Vent at first, so that Chained Ogre gave me quite a bit of trouble. Managed to get past him eventually, then decided to go back to the temple on a whim, talked to the sculptor and proceeded to unlock the HIrata Estate and the Flame Vent less than ten minutes later.
Excuse you, but 2 games ago in Dead Rising 2, I fought a crazy man called Slappy in a weird child mascot costume who rode around on roller blades dual wielding flamethrowers he made from water guns and gasoline. Fighting someone in a school mascot turkey costume in Dead Rising 4 is not only expected, it's just another day in the life of a zombie outbreak survivor.
What about Carnom in LEGO Marvel 2, I know they say Goblin used the nexus to fuse Venom and Carnage but seriously WHERE DID GOBLIN FIND THEM?!, ARE EDDY AND CLETUS STILL ALIVE AND WHY ARE THERE TONGUES LICKING THERE EYE
The mad midget five; if power rangers ever adapted JAKQ 😂😂😂
You're saying Enix wrong Luke.
Catherine. The first boss is a woman's bare butt with teeth and a giant tongue coming out of it. That's as far as I got in the game because that's when I noped out of it.
Simpsons season 10 and beyond BTFO forever
Seriously though, that show needed to end  a long time ago, who still watches it? It’s been bad for longer than most people reading this have been alive.
No.4 = together we are the ginyu force
I'm a day late, but Jane, I would like to let you know that turkeys can be beaten by rain, or a sprinkler. They stare up at falling water, beaks open, and drown. No joke, it's a real farming problem.
Batman Arkham Knight. The battle with Deathstroke. We dont even get to fight him
You forgot fortnite the biggest wtf in the world
The Joe head Joe kinda looks like andy
In the .hack series, the evil AI known as Morganna Mode Gone creates her own AIs, based on the Phases in the Epitaph. However, out of all of Morganna's "children", Skeith and Macha are the only ones that are humanoid, even though they look a bit odd. Morganna probably likes those two the best; I can't think of any other reason why she created Innis the wall with a Skeith-shaped hole, Magus the flying sperm-rock, Fidchell the Picasso sculpture, Gorre the two disks that occasionally become heads, Tarvos the snake impaled by a stake, and Corbenik the severed torso.
Sekiro bosses >
I hate this boss with a passion, but... wtf rare? A cutout version of k rool as a boss?
Not sure if it is the most WTF boss but it was the most WTF fight. In South park the stick of truth you have to fight the underpants warlock when you the size of an insect while your mom and dad are having sex right on top of you.
RIP Harambe
the mad midget five actually remind me of super sentai two different ones, Chikyu Sentai Fiveman and Chojin Sentai Jetman. Could be wrong thoughm=)
What about the alien queen from duke nukem. The boss who you beat by driving a car into her v(olume button) and shooting her o(ption menu)

"Dont make us spell it out this is a family channel"
I feel like anytime any game has a sentai boss it just feels weird, one I know the most is the Axem Rangers from Super Mario RPG. They just kinda feel out of place, and a boss from that game that would fit this list is Bundt, the living cake in Merrymore. It took me some time to kill him the frist time and then it was like "really, that easy"
How can you include the second South Park game without even mentioning the final boss fight in the first game? Nazi zombie cows, Nazi zombie chef, butt naked director of the FBI, princess Kenny, Nazi zombie princess Kenny... Is any of this ringing a bell
TAH-cos
Im brought back to quake 4. You battle through the final facility and come face to face with the giant cyborg man that painfully turned you into a smaller robot man. Kill him and you then face the mastermind behind humanity’s war with the strogg... a brain in a jar
nier automatass
I have 10 words for you: giant sentient can of energy drink from Saints Row IV
Here's an idea for a list: Characters who can be as weird as they like as long as they keep paying this well. examples might include Agatha from Twilight Princess, maybe Moira from Fallout 3, and Glarthir from ES4: Oblivion.
What about the "Invincible, Fearless, Sensual, Mysterious, Enchanting, Vigorous, Diligent, Overwhelming, Gorgeous, Passionate, Terrifying, Beautiful, Powerful, Grey Prince Zote" from Hollowknight?
I think the name says more than I ever could.
Oh, and turkeys are TERRIFYING! And not just because they're gross looking. It all goes back to the Thanksgiving promotional enemy NPCs from Ark: Survival Evolved! The game would spawn in turkeys. Just regular turkeys. But they were so ridiculously OP that they could wreck my super highly trained strike force of T-rexes - single handedly. I seriously had flashbacks of hearing the gobble noise that turkeys made.
Dont most bosses have some explaining to do, like why are they trying to kill you, their motives for pursuing their actions etc. But seriously these bosses need to go through a reality check sometime.
What about south park stick of truth it has a goddarn giant Nazi zombie fetus as a boss seriously WTF
A few bosses from the Earthworm Jim games would qualify. There's the guy from the first game that rides a cable car and vomits fish at you.
The Bed of Chaos. Do I need to add anything?
Please tell me that was a Faithless reference Jane dropped with her God is a DJ comment. That is all.
Blink blink
Andy has to be a weird boss
What about Cuphead? Yeah, those bosses were fun and inspired, but I still want to know what was going through the creators' heads when they decided "I want a boss that's a zeppelin that  turns into a moon, a carnation that shoots mortars into the sky like he's a machine gun, and a boxing frog that swallows the other and they both turn into a slot machine"
No Lucy jokes? Fair enough.
At least Kamiya wasn't the one that showed up. He'd be impossible to beat.
Man these guys are so unfunny but the rest if the video is informative i hate it
"Everyone loves a good video game boss."

Does that mean we can start a Luke / Frost Troll ship?
Bosco from fallout 4
See we make fun of the Slot Machine boss as kids until we reach adulthood and end up with realizing the true horror that boss was symbolic of: GAMBLING
Jane: " ... God is dead. That's Nietzsche."

No, it's not. It's often mistakenly attributed to Nietzsche, but is actually said by a character in his book "Also sprach Zarathustra". 
I love you Jane, but really! What is the good name of outsidexbox worth if we as an audience can't depend on factually correct reporting of philosophical history?!
Oh god, what about The Bride from Ms. 'Splosion Man? At first it just looked like a dead-eyed blonde bride with rather large...assets, but then in the second phase, those assets were revealed to actually be the eyes of a big alien monster. In a wedding dress. And then in the third phase, the monster's dress ripped off, and its assets were actually two more hands, wearing brass knuckles!!!
Everyone is like 'Mad Midget 5 is a Power Rangers reference', while I'm like '.... It's more like Super Sentai because they always announce their color or number while Power Rangers don't'
Skulmonkeys was the first game I played on the PlayStation because it came with the console. Even after all these years I don't think I've played a game quite so unashamedly weird.
Frank is 52.
God Hand is pretty much a joke, it is not a serious game.
Wait. Does joker look like viewtiful Joe?
What's a tacko
6:35 Really? Thats no were near the weirdest boss in the dead rising series what about the woman with the  mobility scooter in the diner weirdest fight ever
Really? You're going to leave out the literal pile of poo in Conker's Bad Fur Day?
Oh man... Skullmonkeys was my favorite game as a kid.
The boss Toro in monster rancher evo. It's a cat piloting a robot looking like it came out of a toybox. Toro has no idea how to pilot this robot and ends up failing about as the robot fights for him. His special is the robot running your monsters over with a freezeframe on Toro making a weird face showing just how much he has no idea what's going on
You would spend all day playing videogames and avoiding responsibilities if you could get away with it? I thought that was why OX was started in the first place.
Whooo! Nietzsche!
EARLY 2000s KIDS, HEEEELP MEEEE, there was this show that I’m thinking of but I can’t remember the name (totally unrelated to the video) it was a team of dudes, and they wore weird blue suits, and I think there was “ant” in the title, they fought giant ants and I think they could shrink, there was also frequently weird animated “commercials” playing in the middle of the episode, but they weren’t ACTUAL commercials because they were APART of the show??? I can only remember it vaguely but I neeeed the name, of anyone knows please provide it, it might’ve been on either qubo or Cartoon Network
Andy do you spend your weekends just searching out the weirdest games in existence?
That wrinkle on andy's forehead is so straight you could ride a unicycle on it.
Remember in Borderlands how you fought a gauntlet of wacky, colorful villains all with their own sense of humor? Good times. Remember when the final boss, just out of left field, was a giant tentacle monster and, coincidentally, the first boss to make you wonder if you are suffering from a fever dream?
The Teletubbies + The Power Rangers = The Mad Midget Five.
"You can find me at the... CLUB!"

Freaking brilliant.
Sorry if you've already done one like this, but what about a '7 horrific injuries you got over pretty quickly'? You could include stuff like Mortal Kombat or that one scene in Tomb Raider when you fall on a lead pipe.
Asking for reasoning for something on a list like this seems silly,  but what's up with the jaunty Chrismas tune during the Dead Rising explanation?
Fun fact - Famous Science man Brian Cox was the keyboard player in Northern Irish Pop Rock Band D:Ream. - I guess for him things only did get better.
I honestly would have respected KH3 as a game if Yosuke Matsuda showed up as an optional boss alongside Walt Disney.....but I guess Nomura's ego would not allow such awesomeness to overshadow him....
Isn't the Mad Midget Five a parody of Power Rangers? Just because of the colors...and the posing...(I never seen any episode of Power Rangers)
IM EARLY FOR ONCE IN MY FREAKING LIFE

But I loved the video keep up the good work!
9:35 I think you’ll find that God is a Girl, she’s only a girl. Do you believe it? Can you receive it?
So Whats Next ,a crocodille dress as Michael Jacson, funky style, sining Hanna Montana while peeing confeti and shiting Ice cream holding the infinity guntlet, breaking the fourt wall ,getting out off my phone,AND KILLING THE INTIRE UNIVERS???!!!
My broskis how can you forget about the greatest boss of all time?


The true boss of all  time and all video games across space and time?
The one to settle the debate of the most powerful enemy of all time?
The one who destroy superman, goku, batman, the other justice guys, thanos, those gaming journal lists of obscure comic characters who can also beat thanos, and even go toe to toe with shaggy rogers (the champion of the universe)?


the prophet of regret from Halo 2 where you literally kill him by just punching him. like using rockets or guns are actually ineffective like nothing done to him.
August Guant from Agents of Mayhem you're literally fighting an more annoying, and evil Justin Beiber no I'm not making that up.
I could’ve sworn you already used the Yosuke boss in Nier Automata.
What about Master Hand from Super Smash Bros? Maybe it's because I don't know a lot about Nintendo lore, but seriously. A giant, floating hand that wants to kill you. The heck?
God creates dinosaurs. God destroys dinosaurs. God creates man. God monstrously abuses man. Man rejects god. God creates zombies. Man fights zombies. Man becomes the real monster. Zombies eat man. Jane Douglas inherits the Earth.
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐗⭕️❌
Wait, how does a channel (which I love to bits) called Outside Xbox, not include the Xbox console exclusive Sunset Overdrive in this list? Facing off against Brandon Winfrey at he end of the DLC was pretty bizarre. It was a lot of fun.
I beat Freeman. He was a bastard to beat, I used a crap ton of tricks and items, but I did it. Only thing is, you can't fight him if your character's black. He'll just give you an item free because he knows how tough it is for you.
Mr Luke Westaway.  The biggest gayest gay in the world would be embarrassed to put this kind of shirt on. Even any kid of age over 5 would say no and start crying when the parent want them to wear it.
Where's Persona 5?
Specifically King Kamoshida
17 seconds ago, i expected comments for some reason but this looks like an interesting vid idea, keep it up
Anyone can tell you that they are a Power Rangers rip off, parody, or  homage. It's one of the three. Probably rip off or parody looking at the game's age. It isn't random. The pink one even has a skirt just like the pink ranger did, and the yellow one does not. That's not coincidence.
Weirdo boss in turkey costume: You'll never beat me!
Me: Wanna bet? (grabs knife and fork) 😈
Not first but in the first 200 so I deserve something at least
sooo... why is Luke just a floating head in this video
Konstantin Brayko from Alpha Protocol.
I get that cocaine make him invinsible and his obsession with 80's.


But that pink leopard blazer need explaining, A LOT of splainin to do!
A more pressing question is why does Kingdom Hearts 3 only have 10 worlds and minimal content to each world.
The weirdest boss battle in Nier Automata is actually fighting the urge to take 2B's skirt off.
7th view
second boiss also 2 scond to coment
didnt what culture do this list like...a year ago..
Hey
South Park, of all TV Shows, forgot that Taco Bell made the Enchurito?

What has happened to the world?
Wow, six seconds after posting... 6 views!
YOU GUYS ARE THE BOSS!!!








sorry not sorry
First lul
Frist
Please keep Luke away from the camera. I have to adjust my TV's white balance every time he comes on. I have never seen such a pasty person with no muscle definition...well, not since the 70's. And that t-shirt!!!? His sister wants it back....
He has the eye patch because last time the most common kill was with the pen.
Sean Bean "You there. How would you kill me?"
47 "I would chop off your head and put it on a pike."
Sean Bean "It's been done. Just made my voice more gravely."
Me: “Andy is good at this game, he’ll get an easy Silent Assassin.”
*ten minutes of calamity later*
“Ghost Mode vs. Mike has clearly broken Andy, and robbed him of his Hitman powers”
"For England 47?" 
"No, for Outside Xbox"
Sean Bean is back, QUICK JANE THROW A MUFFIN AT HIM! 😂
Turns out Sean Bean is 47's true nemesis.


"Y-you?! But-! But I killed you! I WATCHED YOU DIE!"


"That's what I  you to think!"
Spend five minutes talking about how something can't happen (aka taking away their briefcase) only to discover said thing CAN happen. Classic OXBOX
It's particularly impressive that Sean Bean survived being blown up by Mike. But where was this invincibility when he was Ned Stark?!?
"we paid for sean bean and you are all going to play it!"


MAYBE LET US REPLAY CONTENT THEN HMMM! MAYBE THAT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA! :P
As you discovered, civilians definitely do report unattended luggage in Hitman 2. It's a good way to smuggle something past really tight security, or you can use it to plant a remote explosive in the security room (if your target frequents it, for example -- or perhaps even to destroy the tapes in some maps).


This was a particularly entertaining diversion here, since you could have just walked through the underground parking from near the main Kronstadt building in the first place.
Jane's kill was canon! He's out an eye. He must also be missing a bit of his brain as well because he's got no memory of her slamming him onto a pen. That traumatic memory suppression eh
Andy: Make this man eggs
Robot: <MAKE HIM INTO EGGS>
The new Hitman update is Andy friendly. If you go into setting you can turn on an icon that let's you know if you are still good to go on silent assassin.
- Is that a crowbar in your pants or are you just happy to get frisk? - {the security guars asked}
- {47 just smiled disturbingly, and looked deeply in the guards eyes}
What does Sean Bean say to the god of death? "It's time for work, boys."
Why is 47’s t-shirt at the beginning not cast a shadow? 

Could he be part vampire?
Muhaha! The undying returns!!-- Wait.. my voice..? am I still played by Sean bean!?
Dies again
The definition "HOW MANY TIMES DO WE HAVE TO TELL YOU OLD MAN"
I don't care how much of this game you guys decide to play. I'll be there for it. The game is great, but yall make it better.
"I KNOW, BUT VIDEO GAMES!" Is a good summary for a lot of the list videos.
Since it's till June I hope Mike gets a go soon too.

Also, called it, we will still see more Sean Bean this year!
Really raises the question of exactly how Hitman refunds work
He only lost an eye from GOLDEN pen,  now he lost second EYE.
Jane: "I'm a scientist, I'm doing science. "
YEAH, she is.  That's my homie
Didn't you know?  If you kill a Sean Bean, two grow back in its place
I don't think you made a mistake programming the butler robot.  You just should have specified to scramble EGGS instead of Sean Bean's brain.
I was very happy that "The Undying" kept to his word and didn't quite die. But I was also disappointed that they just re-used the mission and didn't give him a new one, a proper sequel... And then I blew him up with the exlosives in the weapons workshop and I was happy again.







...a happy Silent Assassin I might add ^_^
to the tune of "her comes the sun" Here comes the Sean, doo doo doo doo, here comes the Sean and I say "you gon die" guitar
Andy! They beheaded him with Valyrian Steel in GoT. That's magical metal, so they killed him with a magical sword.
I just think it would be amazing if his appearance in this one was determined by performance in the first run. Jane's would have the eyepatch while Andy's had a neck brace and Mike's had burn marks. Would've been so cool and even more immersive. And funny. :)
Dang, if Jane would have legged it out of the weapons workshop and also erased the tapes (actually pretty easy to do from the Kronstadt building btw) that would have been a Silent Assassin rating. And also 4000 extra points for the challenge :D
Also: I wanted to "do the robot" as well on my go but unfortunately I found the remote for the explosives before Faba's picture...
I tried killing him with the bomb on display but I forgot to remove all of the vials of octane booster from the other tables, so the whole room (including me) exploded...
To be fair, "Make him eggs" sounds awfully like "shoot his face."  Your robot was doing its best!
What's with 47's shadow in the beginning? It's chest is sneakier than Andy's Hitman playthroughs.
And again Andy got the lowers stars score on Hitman ... so sad to see a legend fall :P 

Sorry, that was just mean. I will go now, do not hit me with the crowbar please :P
An example of an undercroft would be the crypt of a church,  such as the cafe below, located under the church of st Mary is bow.   But it can be any vaulted storage space or cellar.
I imagine Jane always brings a lab coat from home. Jane and I need a picture of us in lab coats like Okabe Rintaro and Makise Kurisu
Sean Bean "The Undying" is back!?

47: "It's time for work boys."
Suitcase Thief: Ooooh look a muffin!
Guard: I wouldn't eat that, its on the floor in a restroom...
Suitcase Thief: So? 

Guard: A restroom in FLORIDA!

Suitcase Thief: .... I see your point. I'll just take this suitcase instead
Sean Bean is trapped in the most murdery version of Groundhog Day ever.
This reminds me of Shadow of Mordor / War , when you would kill an ork and they come back to life , sometimes on multiple occasions with the same ork.
"You stabbed him in the eye with a pen!" "He got better." 
Hitman 3: Agent 47 vs. Jason Voorhees.
"No ones gonna want it now... in a public bathroom... in Florida..."

So Jane, is there a place where toilet muffins are socially acceptable?
Please, someone draw 47 as a “snowboarding pirate”!!
I can see the future. I knew this would happen and stated such. (Actually, it's because I can see the past. This always happens to him. He dies in one scenario and reappears in another.)
I was a bit upset at no Mike but Andy had me covered and went a bit Mike for me!
25:31 - Bruno Mars suspects nothing.
29:07 - OH NO! BRUNO MARS SUSPECTED EVERYTHING!
I loved the momentary mystery of "the disappearing briefcase" 

What an inconvenient magic trick
"Excuse me, sorry, sorry, science coming through. Make way for science."
One day 47 will kill Sean Bean 47 times and the universe will collapse in on itself
Andy completely misses the opportunity to sing "the muffin man" by Ella Fitzgerald.   Or maybe copyright?
She turned me in to a newt!
A newt?
......what I got better.?.. lol first thing to come to my head
47: "Make Sean Bean some eggs"
Robot: "Egg...eggs...EGG-STERMINATE"
Good thing Ellen wasnt playing. We would have lost her the moment they realized the suitcase had been moved. It's like the Kippers treehouse incident all over again
I'm an ex guard irl and can confirm we enjoy being body checked
Yes! More Sean Bean violence! Didn't know how much I needed this
The fiction of the game says you didn't actually kill him the first time around. To that end, I think it would have made more sense if each time he came back he was on a different map.
You can drop it on the ground and pick up the briefcase after frisking
I'm surprised Jane doesn't have a lab-coat when she's the sciency one of the team. Maybe it was destroyed in last week's experimenting.

I kept my old uni lab-coat  for cosplay usage.
This video uncovered the incredible truth.





Agent 47 has a torso that doesn’t block light
The spirit of Mike blessed Andy's playthrough!
Like the F.L.A.M.I.G.O.s (and unlike the films), the Hitman 2's Sean Bean never say die.
Mike was playing for Andy right they just redubbed the audio right?
Seems Andy ended up "Going full Mike" towards the end.
Double eye patch Sean Bean would be a Dark Souls tier boss.
I want @hitman to bring back Sean Bean again with new injuries every time.
I am completely bewildered why you'd bring the briefcase but not put the sniper rifle in it to begin with?!
Count down idea
Reasons why your protagonist is silent in video games
What's up with 47's shadow?
Still wanting to see an Ellen vs Andy hitmaning, come on guys, make it happen Ghost Mode for the right to face Mike.
Jane had the perfect picture in mind
Andy took the perfect shot
Good gravy thats a long video title!
Speaking of wanting the Flamingo outfit, has OutsideXbox done the Spring Break Challenge pack in Miami? It unlocks a Flamingo outfit that you can take to any level you want. Oh, and it is Blue!!!!
Here’s an idea for a video:
“X times our good deeds really weren’t.”

Examples:
In Fallout 3 you gain karma for donating to the Children of Atom, but in Fallout 4 they are basically a terrorist organization, irradiating anyone they come across.
Plus (spoiler) depending on how you play Far Harbor you wipe out a town entirely, children included.

Another example could be sparing any Dishonored character (especially the Pendletons. Losing your tongue and being thrown in a mine doesn’t exactly sound like a good way to go).

Or in Dark Soul’s painting world where you have no reason to kill the final boss but you can.
Surely killing this powerful boss will help the world... right?

If anyone seeing this has good ideas for more examples, leave a reply!
Every time there's multiple paths Jane managed to take the wrong one XD
OH GOD AGENT 47's SHADOW! WHAT HAPPENED TO HIS TORSO!?
Oh boy, that fast forward effect frightened me...  :D
The best at stealth during this mission? 47s torso shadow.  I could NOT find that thing.
You know who would love "Lil' Flashy"? Mike... Mike would totally love that.
So is Mike just permanently banned from Hitman now?
Man, I'm not sure how you guys are going to top Mike winging a bottle of nitroglycerin in Sean Bean's face.
the security guard opens 47's briefcase, ''hey, it's full of shredded newspapers''
47's glitchy shadow is really freaking me out.
Ever since he lost in ghost mode I feel like Andy has been making more and more mistakes. Mike has ruined him.
So no one will mention about 47's shadow at the first seconds looking oddly wrong?

Alright then.
The busker is clearly intimidated by 47's pinpoint accurate coin tossing skills.
I just love the reaction to the missing briefcase after debating for minutes whether civilians would report them. I was nodding to myself all the way through, could see it coming miles away, but laughed absurdly regardless.
Agent 47, a man so eliusive not even his shadow can be completely seen! Lol.
I like to think that Sean Bean was working on his Undine [Undertale] cosplay.
Steve and Charly , my brothers name is Steve , STEVE NOOOO,,,
I like how at the start of the video 47's torso shadow is completely invisible.
47's shadow is even blending in. He really is a master assassin
You can get a weapon in your briefcase past a frisk zone if you put it down instead of dropping it (R1 + L1 on DS4).
Why does 47's torso not cast a shadow in the beginning? Is Florida sun that strong?
20:50 “Friskable Badness” new band name I call it!
I think I realised why Andy doesn't normally snipe people in this game. It all went a bit Jane.
Who else noticed 47's shadow at the beggining of the video?
47 : no Alex for me * chucks Sean of a radio station
47 is so inconspicuous that even his shadow is insubstantial... See his shadow's missing torso from 0.05 seconds in
One lost/stolen briefcase and Andy's stealth run is off the table...
Andy, that final blow was amazing!  That was practically a snapshot
Thanks for another wonderful video as always! It was hilarious that more time was spent looking for the briefcase that had been taken to the secure room, than killing Mark Faba (Sean Bean) hahaha. Have a nice day everyone too! 😊💜
I sniped him, it was super effective. They din't see me, but went nuts.
Why does 47s torso have no shadow in the snowboarding gear 🤔 maybe some prototype stealth gear 😂
I went for the robot kill too! 


I dunno why, but I'm chuffed Jane went for that as well. And she figured out where the photo is super quick too.
Jane finishes the mission within 12 minutes. Andys turn. 30 minutes of video left :-D
Sometimes I get burnt out from watching OxBox/Tra and spend like a week not watching their videos. And every time I return to remember why I enjoy their videos so much.
YAAAAAAAY
I pickup up H2 after a few of the Targets passed, soI'm super happy it's being redone!
I like to imagine Jane goes through crowds saying “excuse me, science coming through”
47s shadow has no torso it's strange
Andy you should have left one of the Race Coordinators out and staged the scene by leaving the sniper rifle next to the knocked out RC.
anyone notice that at the start the shadow has no torso
anyone else notice agent 47's shadow is messed up like his shadow has no torso lol
Ummm is everything okay with 47s shadow in the intro? Feels like something is missing
Literally 30 seconds in anyone else notice 47s horrifying shadow on the ground?!? 😱
Welcome to my home state.
Surprised there wasn't an option to throw an alligator at the target.
Everyone talking about how Sean Bean survived, and I'm just here freaked out by 47's shadow.
Whoa... Andy's playthrough went all Mike there for a moment..
For future reference, you can access the parking garage from the waterfront & Kronstadt area; the door's locked on the flamingo side, but you'll unlock it if you open it.

Also yes, briefcases get put in secure areas
Aw jeez.  Andy nearly went "all Mike".
0:13 Wow, 47 is so good at disguise even his shadow is half hidden...
I'm rather impressed that 47 seems to have a transparent torso...
Look at his shadow here: 0:15
I can't believe it took this long to update my headcanon to have 47 be a clone of popular Canadian Children's TV Show host Mr. Dressup.
Andy defiantly upped his game over poisoned coffee.
Why didn't Mike have a second go? Because even 'undying' Sean Bean couldn't survive that first go. (Basically, Mike is tougher than Sean Bean)
No Mike playthrough because Sean fully died from Mike's explosive... The first time making Mike the best Hitman
47s Shadow on the ground is so messed up, invisible torso lol.
47 is that sneaky that his shadow is partly invisible
The shirt doesn't make a shadow, nice ioi. Still a great game
ok so i only notice this because of bad internet but the video started buffering @ 0:25 and i notice that 47's shirt doesn't cast a shadow lol
I still remember the first rendition of this...with the octane booster. I was in stitches with the commentary. It went something like "oh, DAMN"...."damn!!!"..."daaaamn"...."jeez, did his head come off?" :)
One does.
No, no, no.
One does not siiiim.
I'm sorry. I can't stop.
One does not simply kill Sean Bean.
Love the Hitman videos. Can't wait for the remaining 3 Ways to Play for the rest of the episodes of the main game.
Why is it that everyone can crowd around a corpse and not be a suspect except 47?
jane trying to hide the fact she has a labcoat but for roleplay
Is no one gonna mention that shadow glitch!?
Please do a proper 3 ways to play on Miami! It's such a good level.
Can we talk about the glitchy shadow in the beginning
Hey Sean bean it's muffin time!
OMG why doesn't that shadow have a torso lmao. 0:22
I am so stressed out from that! 😂😂😂😂
"I like to imagine 47's got, like, a dress-up trunk, like me, I mean like a kid!  Just a kid!  Not me, really. Really."
I see you, Andy.  I see you.
Yea! A new Hitman adventure from Outside Xbox! I've been rewatching the older Hitman videos lately so seeing a new one pop up on my feed is great.
Sniper rifle is my weapon of choice whenever it's available. Heartwarming to see Andy taking up the trade. You know. For murder.
One does not simply kill Sean Bean once.  Or even twice.  Sean Bean can only be ended by the deadliest duo ever known...
No, not Jane and Andy.  Not even Mike and explosives.  It will require Agent 47 and Mr. Screwy.
Mister Robot went crazy. No more Robocops in the future. Sarah can finally chill out :)
What the hell is going on with 47's shadow there in the beginning?
that must be 47’s stealth jumper - it doesn’t even cast a shadow!
Loved the Half-Life reference :-)
He’s back. Called it.
anyone notice that agent 47's chest is invisible in his shadow in the opening bit?
I have questions about 47's shadow when he's wearing snowboarding gear...
"He got better."
Well of course this is 47's second attempt, and that's why he's got the eye patch. He's just SO commited to his job that he actually came back to finish it! Really guys, you're making fun of him but he should get an employee of the month (or year) award!
BRO look at hitman's shadow at the beginning. XD XD XD
@28:39 47 cosplaying as Gordon Freeman? Now I really want a HEV suit in this game.
Oh dont tell me sean bean returned?
Ah, the book death in Equilibrium. 😭
There is no shadow in the beginning, so canonically, Jane-hitman has no torso, it's only an illusion.
I can't be the only one that notices the torso on the shadow is missing?
"We told the robot to make this man eggs"

Robot: "Yes, I made him into scrambled eggs. Robot do bad?"
Look at 47's shadow at the start of the video😂
Oh no I killed him but he got better.  Outstanding!
is no-one else bothered by that shadow?
Honestly, I would love it if half of the elusive targets are Sean Bean, because he is the undying, and even 47 isn't good enough to get it in 1.
anyone see his shadow at the beginning of the video?? XD
Eggs robot sounds amazing. I want one now.
Are we not going to discuss the fact that 47's torso cast no shadow in the beginning... Because that was kind of spooky.
I think Sean is still alive, and deep underground there is a clone army of him, waiting to be assassinated..

If they escape, This is how the world ends.
Me @16:25: "Andy, please don't stand up, please don't stand up, wait for the face-to-face, please don't stand up."
9:36 47 I'm pretty sure the photo needs to face the scanner
Sean Bean, the unkillable! I heard you died LOL!
as soon as his elusive Target went live, I jumped in and enter the mission with my best sniper rifle. and shot  Sean Bean in the head.
Andy's Assassination Service - satisfaction Farranteed!
0:39 Arrrgh! That shadow
You can tell Andy's involved in a hitmanning when 47's shadow is already half invisible from the start of the mission.
I was so very much waiting for the robot to start shooting while Jane was standing in the line of fire, that would have been just perfect.
So...if you bring the briefcase....you can put the rifle in the briefcase in planning.
But do you know the muffin man?!
Wait.... SEAN BEANS BACK!!! DIDN'T MIKE BLOW HIS BLOODY HEAD OFF!!
Watch the kill at 10:27 in 0.75 speed. Sounds so sarcastic
Sean bean comes back again, this time looking like Adam Jensen as a result of all the augmentations done to save his life after the lab robocop incident...
At least Sean Bean made it to season 2 in something
10:14 video bugs out. Anyone else or just me?
Who's gonna win: a character famous for killing, or a bean famous for being killed?
Agent 47 is so stealthy that even his shadow is trying to hide
Who doesn't carry an 8"x10" of Sean Bean on their persons at all times? Amateurs, that's who!
Look at that shadow. (47's)
Can we talk about how only half of 47 casts a shadow in the beginning of the video? Now that is stealth...
Dude shadow glitch. 47 is soooo white he's transparent to the sun 😆
He got the eyepatch from a stray blueberry flying out of the muffin.
Never clicked so fast
Am I the only one noticing that 47's shadow is two-toned? It looks like his shadow is the logo of a certain whiskey brand
Agent 47 is Mr Benn's secret job.
Does anyone else remember that Sean Bean played Andy...in the film of Bravo Two Zero
Love the Equilibrium option in the Sean Bean death poll!!
"Do we want the flamingo outfit?" "Uhh, I mean... It would be... funny... but you're getting on quite well as the engineer so..." "Okay."

I like all the precautions and discussions about what actions to take by Jane and Andy, and how they agree on the safer methods.

Now, if Mike was there...
Guessing Mike wasn't in this as he did a pretty thorough job the first time.
That horrible moment you realize YT have unsubscribed you from Oxbox and you nearly missed everything... Thank you recommendations ! TxT
anybody else notice that 47 had no shadow for his torso when wearing the snowboarding clothes at the start?
Dotht myne eyes deceive me? Jane out scored Andy in Hitman2?  I believe permanent bragging rights are in order. ^_^
Your robot butler just made some "Bean" soup
But I like the briefcase
The lord of light keeps bringing him back for a reason, I'm sure.
Sean Bean dies so much that he's on a first name basis with the Grim Reaper
You fools! You killed his Stunt Double the first time! LOL !
Agent 47s shadow is having some issues there
Ummm, why does 47 not have a torso shadow?
0:27 look at 47’s shadow!
Did anyone else notice how when agent 47 was wearing the surfer outfit at the beginning of the video, he didn't have a shadow for the shirt
Crowbar: where the birds get drunk
I'm so distracted by the lack of shadow the new shirt casts, I've missed the plot entire.
Fun fact: Sean Bean has died in at least 48.48% of movies he’s been in I looked up the movie count it said at least 66 and the most recent death count is 32 so if you do the math it’s 48.48%

Edit: typo fix
Doesnt this mean you totally failed last time? That is very  unproffesional! Unless.. this was his two phase plan all along! Brilliant agent 47
Sean Bean was supposed to cameo in Skyrim, then he took an arrow in the knee.
0:15 am I the only one who is seeing 47’s shadow like that? Creepy
16:33 
Of course there's fancy booze on the sideboard. Faba/Bean enjoys a nice chianti.
Was quite sad to heard Jane didn’t have her own lab coat at home, I liked to imagine she did evil science in her free time
what's up with 47's shadow? very strange 0:16
Jane: flawless
Andy: ...............
Look at the shadow in the beginning
I did it the Andy way. Except the tracking of the runaway briefcase.
Andy starts at around 14mins. Video length is 42mins. 30mins of sitting around waiting to snipe.
Anyone else noticed the shadow has no torso
Anyone else notice that Agent 47’s shadow seemed to be non-existent for his torso?
I was hoping he would look different based on how you killed him the first time, but I guess since Mike blew him up he would have to be held together by duct tape.
Anyone else notice 47's shadow didn't have a torso while wearing the outfit he started in
No one is going to mention that his upper body creates no shadow?? 😆
What do people do in Florida? We sweat Andy, we curse the heat, sweat and glare at tourists who tell us how lucky we are to have such sunny weather all the time. Sorry, my job's AC is busted and I currently wish my state would fall into the sea, just for a bit of a cool down 😭😓
@23:54 Jane: "You can't sniperrifle-shoot a lock..." Actually you can. Any "high-powered" gun (i.e. other than pistol or SMG) will do.
30:40 The moment Andys tribute to Mike being away began.
Why wouldn't Andy just bring the Sniper Rifle inside the briefcase?
Is anyone else distracted by the shadow
No "Egg-ster-minate"? It was right there.
The ICA should just hire this dude honestly
47 is so stealth that his glorious chest of muscles doesnt have a shadow in that sexy snowboarder outfit
47's torso is so stealthy it doesn't even have a shadow 😱
Hitman is my favorite series.
Money well spent on 47’s outfit, as it is shadow proof.
I really hope that every few months they have this exact same mission but he’s always considered a elusive target. But he really won’t die
What's with 47s shadow in the beginning?
Poor Jane having to mollify Andy because Sean won't stay dead.
0:14 Based on 47's shadow, his torso is transparent. No wonder he's so stealthy!
Good vid guys ;-)

I gotta say, I was VERY disappointed in IOI just re-releasing the same mission over again, with only a couple of tiny changes.
I was hoping that we would have had a new mission when Sean Bean returned as the Undying.
Hopefully, this was just a little extra for the Miami mission going on sale alone. I really hope that we will get a proper returning mission for Sean Bean later on though.

BTW, Civilians DO report briefcases, and that is ANY case, not just the military ones. They take them to the nearest guard who takes them to a weapon drop point.
And you lot really need to get more Mastery on this game, it gives you a LOT more toys to play with.
Also, why bring an empty suitcase to put a sniper rifle in, when Agency Drops are always put in Military Briefcases? You could have walked in with a sniper in your case, or carried in a lock-pick as well as getting your sniper from the car-park.
Also, you can get from one side of the track to the other through the car-park area as well, would have avoided the Security Guard at the front gate.
What happened to 47's torso in his shadow!?!?!?
Why does the snowboard top not have a shadow?
how has 47 not died of heat stroke
Where's Mike? Who else will give the Undying an explosive return.
Now I want a muffin
All bags can be picked up by civilian and police
about the briefcases, when you bring a briefcase with you to a mission it opens up another slot in the menu which can hold any item you can bring with you (including snipers), also any place that you can smuggle a large item to will come with a briefcase
Your hitman videos are the best. I watched them all in one weekend so new ones are always welcome.
Jane, Andy, we ALL know that, to properly kill Sean Bean, you need to drop him from a satellite rig, then drop the satellite rig ON him. It's like oak stakes for vampires.
"We've done bad science."
Faba Beans. Get it?
Hitmans shadow at the start ISN'T THERE. What??
Am I the only one that noticed that there’s no shadow for 47’s torso?
Is Agent 47 lack of shadow torso a sign he is empty inside?
Agent 47 is bald and likes to disguise, is he Roger Smith?
Aren't all sets of stairs "up" stairs?
To quote Outsidexbox in Show of the Week: Mirror's Edge Catalyst and 5 New Things We Know About Faith (April 14 2016 7:07) quoting me from the previous week:

"Excellent. Another franchise for Sean Bean to die in."
Was Jane trying to save Sean Bean by jumping in front of the bullets?
What does Sean Bean tell the God of Death? "Not again!"
What the hell is with 47s shadow in the begining!?
Well that went a bit Mike
So glad they re-released this - I finally got to stab him in the eye properly after spending half an hour clearing the room the first time round only to hit the wrong button and strangle him instead. Worth the wait!
When these videos started coming out Andy was such a better hitman than me... And now... Jane is
47 has a dress up trunk and gains the skills of any career he dresses for, is he Mr. Benn?
Interesting shadow...
Was anyone else thinking why didn't Andy use the parking garage to get to the other side of the track without being searched
"Oh no! We've made a murder robot! Not an egg robot!"
I one hundred percent believe in Jane's science licence. Sure.  That's all it takes
That was a hell of a shot wow dem reflexes
Anyone else notice that 47’s torso shadow on the ski outfit just.... doesn’t exist.
I knew it!
What the hell is going on with agent 47s shadow at the start of the video?
Apparently 47's shirt lets light pass straight through it! All other parts of him had a shadow at the start but not his torso and upper arms that were covered by said shirt!
Jane,  I don't want to believe you don't know you way around a sniper rifle.  I can see you,  laying in a field, with a rifle taller than you,  like "Target confirmed,  taking the shot. " I'm sure you were supposed to be a space sniper,  instead of working in the lab,  but you just didn't meet the eyesight requirements
Recently watched the Clown and Scarecrow episodes of Hitman, and would love to see Andy, Mike and Jane playing their versions of horror movie Hitman contracts. 

1. Dress up in something scary (vampire outfit, scarecrow, clown etc..)

2. Do the hit while being seen (to instill fear and grow the legend)

3. Escape wearing the costume (in the most comedic way possible. Take a bus, tuk-tuk etc..)
Charlie and Steve? But that's me and my brother you're knocking out!
UGH FINALLY ANOTHER ONE
What is going on with 47's shadow?
Look at 47’s shadow loool
Andy zooming past the score page after his go because Jane got a better score than him.  I see you.
good lord, when 47 pants he looks like the frickin dinosaur from Dinosaur
31:00 ouww neuuuw ouw neuw
1:37 47´s shadow disappears
point of order andy ice was a greatsword not a zweihander.
But.... but Mike! I wanted to see what he'd explode!
what's wrong with the shadow, lol
Any one else notice that in the beginning of the video that the ski outfit dosnt have a shadow, but 47's head and arms do?
I love that you guys never take the easiest route, but try something different.  Great video. Thanks
Killbot? Blasted, typoes.  I meant an Illbot, like so good at rapping, it's totally ill.
What in the damn hell was going on with 47's shirt at the start? Why was it not casting a shadow?
To be fair to the egg robot "Make him egg" sounds like "Make him dead"
I want to see a more Undying ET's where Sean Bean just gets more bandages on him until he looks like The Yetay!
Skynet killed Sean Bean, it was definitely not Jane.
The robot wanted to make a cool breakfast, so he added bits of Bean into scrambled eggs :)


Sean been here and been there, and now Bean is everywhere :P


And i'm not even sorry for the above :D
Did anyone e else notice the glitched out shadow....
So if the red van is Diana's personal vehicle, does she drive around with 47 and a talking dog to do murder contracts?
either mikes go last time wasn't added to the Hitman canon or the hospitals in the hitman universe are very good at their jobs
who the frick said that the fellowship of the ring is their fave sean bean death? That death is super sad
yess more hitman
This is a nice game
I think (or am hoping) that they will bring him back a third time to kill him as he is undying ;)
As Andy is about to use a crowbar, he says "Can I get a prize?" Unintentional pun?
That is a special shirt, it has cloaking tech integrated into its weave. It only works on the shadow right now but it's still really impressive!
I just realized why I have never wanted to play Hitman. 47 moves at weird speeds. When he's walking, based on the way his stride is, I think he should be moving faster. When he's running, it is such a stiff animation, but yet he outruns everyone. Simultaneously, he's moving way too fast for that light jog that he is doing.

Super elite mercenary should be in top physical form and able to assassin's creed sprint around the place.
Anyone see how Agent 47's body was invisible in the shadows outside? Did Sean Bean confuse how he came back from the dead that his body left him?!?
What is going on with that shadow at the start? That is a very stealthy shirt.
...Did anyone notice at the start that 47's shirt was invisible in his shadow?
they built it to scramble eggs, but it scrambled brains instead
Don't you think Jane looks a little like Arya Stark ?
Actually... Sean Bean in GoT was killed with a Valerian Steel blade (special zombie killing metal)... so they kinda have a point
well there's your problem: it wasn't an Authentic Chinese Fighting Muffin, nor aimed at the chest, or he would've been sent home in four ziploc bags.
Well now I know why 47 is such an accomplished assassin. His torso doesn’t cast a shadow at all.
Jane is so stealthy even her torso doesn’t leave a shadow
Every time he comes back, he's going to look worse and worse. Arm in a sling, leg in a boot, crutches, face wrapped in bandages, face wrapped in bandaged while in a wheelchair, until finally he goes full Futurama and he's a head in a jar.
Has anyone noticed that the Agent's shadow is missing the torso?
The survey is all wrong my favorite death is the one where he gets murdered with a muffin
That was great!
Seriously?  Everybody is just going to ignore Agent 47's shadow from the first few minutes of the video?
This is what I was trying to explain last time @ 16:48
Sean Bean did actually die in the first mission.  This mission features Sean's identical twin … or possibly his identical quintuplet.
Has anyone else noticed how funny 47’s shadow is in the beginning?
For England Jane?
Love this
You got such a good top your shadow does not register your top if only the actual top was camoflauged as it is on your shadow.
Hahahaha! An unexpected Andy-escalation...
Oh dear that didn't go well, I'd just have replanned it and replaced empty case with lockpick. Also you never need to be frisked, just go left at the start and around into the carpark.
It’s not as fun without mike.
reminds me of neebs and titanius
killed him with poison then fallowed where they placed the body then blew him up with a remote mine just to make sure he stays dead or at least takes him longer to come back from the dead.
They are so got at stealth that even the Hitman's shadow is starting to become invisible.
Florida Man Survives Failed Assassination, Gains Eye Wound, Is Killed in Horrible Robot Accident
What the hell is wrong with 47's shadow? He's falling apart.
Can we address the fact that agent 47s torso doesn't have a shadow....?
So the guys in race control are called Steve and Charlie? Was that a nod to the late Charlie Whiting, F1’s race director in race control from 1997-2019, who passed away recently? :)
Well, I'm not sure what a RoboCop like gun has to do with making eggs, but you are the scientist so I trust you know what you're doing.
I swear if I had an egg-making robot, first I’d be super rich, and second I’d never leave my house again.
Puts explosive pen in breast pocket, proceeds to chest check a security guard. Agent 47 truly is the greatest assassin of all time
Sean Bean is doing the same thing as before because he was interrupted last time when he got stabbed in the eye.
I hope every single exclusive target is Sean Bean.
What’s wrong with your outfit? The top doesn’t cast a shadow is what, 47 so damn talented he can ghost his own torso
Two things: you can put things in your briefcase with your starting loadout so you could have started with the sniper on you and there's also an entrance to the parking garage right next to the Kronstadt building (just to the right of the entrance if you're looking at the building) so you didn't have to get frisked either. There's a camera but you can easily avoid it and delete your footage in the parking garage as well.
I'd love for the Sean Bean "The Undying" to slowly but surely advance as they keep bringing him back, to the point where you have to kill him with some kind of... wooden stake or some occult ritual to finally put an end to him.
Why is Hitman's torso not casting a shadow? What kind of Hitman sorcery is this?
why did you give the eggs robot a gun
How is it that everyone you steal clothes from is magically your size?
Am I the only one concerned that 47 doesn’t have a shadow where his torso should be?
i think any briefcase is treated suspicious and removed.  In the first Sean Bean Elusive Target Jane has her briefcase but leaves it in the room before the room with all the stuff to use to eliminate the target.  Later she is following one of the scientist/engineers and he is carrying her briefcase taking it to wherever they take weapons.
uhm...cool shadow
I wish mike was here he would have thrown the knife at Sean
Again, someone doesn't understand how contractions work. >.<  The contraction of "Little" is "Li'l" because the apostrophe replaces the removed T's (not the terminal "E"), just as "cannot" becomes "can't" to replace the removed "no."
So he's like MIke and gets killed repeatedly and shows up next week.
wtf is wrong with 47 shadow in the beginning ^^
He’s a Highlander. You have to take his head.
Whats with your shadow? You seem to be missing your torso
What is dead may never die....no wait wrong house.
Now I'm not saying Mikes way was the right way but you don't see his Sean Bean back from the dead....so I guess I am saying Mikes way is the right way.
I hoped Jane would go for the magic pen trick again. Would be funny to see if they changed the animation to take out his other eye.
Woo. Sean Bean dies again! Poor Sean Bean (even if he's making a mint from constantly dying).
Holy shit, I love watching you folks play this game! I died laughing when you returned to the bathroom to pick up your military briefcase and it was gone! What an adventure.
One does not simply kill Sean Bean despite having constant flashbacks of thrown muffins, bloody pens and hitting ceilings from an absently thrown blast cap; this was just another day in the life of Sean.
All because of a briefcase.
I KNEW HE WASNT DEAD!
As you didn't show Mike in this video, can we assume that he got 5 stars for climbing into one of the racecars, and driving it full pelt into the building, collapsing it entirely and killing Sean Bean (and everybody else inside), before roaring away at 180mph?
It's possible they're going to try and balance the karma of all Sean Bean's TV and movie deaths by having him resurrect multiple times. How many deaths has he stacked up? This could go on for a while. That, and they paid for him.
Jane's hesitation answering if she has a lab coat means that she absolutely has a lab coat, and why not? She's a scientist, doing science with her science boys and gals.... omg is GlaDoS created from Jane's consciousness in the future? Explains all the murder
While trying to do this mission Jane’s way (the cool robot assassination) I ended up just throwing a screw driver into the targets head in the middle of the hallway. So in conclusion I did this mission more like Jane then Jane did
I guess the egg making robots code got a little scrambled, that must be why it snapped and randomly killed sean bean.
"You can't use a sniper rifle on a door lock, " said Jane,  the expert sniper.
As Robespierre said; You can't make an Egg Cooking Robot without shooting a few Beans.
Anybody else get the feeling Mountainfangs are a vampire brand? Start of the video 47 casts a shadow on the ground, but his torso doesn't. I wonder if it doesn't cast a reflection in the mirror too?
1440p?
I hope that next time you get to kill Sean Bean, the game will allow you to recreate some of his movie and show deaths!
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I dunno about "dressed for the Florida heat." Pants and a raglan?  .... maybe for the Florida winters, tbqh. It's 90F/32.2C atm
Tries to have butler robot scramble eggs for Sean Bean, robot proceeds to scramble Bean. Agent 47 truly can't catch a break, from his attempt at farming in Italy to this? Poor guy
The robot misunderstood and thought it was supposed to scramble Sean Bean.  Honest mistake.
Jane was so close to Silent Assassin!  If she hadn't hung around the body and had deleted the tapes in the parking garage on her way out it would have been a perfect run.
Did you tell the robot to make Sean Bean an omelet and the robot miss understood thinking you wanted a Sean Bean omelet?
I've always wanted someone to do a movie called, "Sean Bean Must Die" and it's just him living his daily life while terrible and horrific accidents and occurances happen arpund him, but he's always unscathed, almost oblivious to them. At the end of the movie, he's the only person left alive
24:24 When you run out of ideas, just throw every muffin you've got at the wall, and see what sticks. :)
While I'm glad to see Andy's approach, I must admit that after Jane's run part of me was hoping that the rest of the video would just be half an hour of the two of them riffing about egg robots over a black screen
I just wait for Sean Bean to return next year, having survived the shot to the head thanks to an iron plate in his forehead as a result of a previous assassination attempt.
Can you believe it wasn't until an interview that mentioned his role in the Hitman game that Sean Bean was actually told and finally realized he died a lot in films and games? He sounded genuinely surprised at it.
Andy you really need to take a look around more often. “I need to go to the car park” then you walk past 3 different ways into the car park so you could be frisked instead.
Good one,  guys
You would of thought he would of got the hint by now, but obviously he did not. Andy and Jane need to make sure this time that he is definitely dead, if that is possibly at all.
What do people in Florida do? We go to Disney World or play with alligators. That's about it.
Can you unlock the breach charge in hitman 2 and if so how
Clearly the only way to permanently do this is to use a nice Chianti on the Faba/Bean. Andy would poison it, Jane would dome him with the bottle, and Mike would find some way to make it explode.
Did anyone notice his shadow. Is that top supposed to make him invisible cos apparently light passes through only his to half leaving a floating head.... Can I play as just a hitman head next?
Oh, this was torture to watch.
If I make it across the pond, is there away to buy you guys a round? You guys are awesome!
Wtf! Ned?!
Got to admit I was disappointed that Sean Bean always wears the eye patch. I was hoping his injury would be dependant on how he was killed the first time.
Is this truly Andy? Or has Mike done a DBZ and fused with Andy to create this being of chaos that totally ruined his own chance at killing Sean Bean again? O.=.o
What the hell is up with his shirts shadow at the start
"Diana, I got you presents. It's headphones. And a jacket." 
In my headcanon, 47 doesn't really understand Christmas or other gift-giving holidays and he just regifts the stuff that he walks out of levels with to his coworkers for Secret Santa or whatever. Sarah in IT is just cursing herself for once mentioning needing a screwdriver within 47's earshot because now he keeps bringing her screwdrivers that have CLEARLY just had the blood rinsed off of them. Diana keeps getting jackets, and she doesn't have the heart to mention to 47 that he keeps unthinkingly giving her clothes that are HIS size, not hers.
Two of my uncles are Charlie and Steve...
Now I want assassin TV show where Andy and Jane cheerfully banter their way through a bunch of horrible murders
At the 19:58-20:00 minute mark, you're going to the car park. You run right past an entrance to the car  park behind the van parked on the left there.Also, there's an easily accessible security office that you can disable the video cameras and a crowbar on a desk.
This time around was my first time getting h, so I watched your first video on the undying and took the best out of all three play throughs and ended up with a silent assassin rating so thank you guys for the help.
that shadow though
Am I the only one that noticed 47's shadow was missing the torso?
Does anyone else remember that movie starring Sean Bean about the black death in Europe? I think it was called "Black Death". Older movie,  lower budget,  but still a really good story.  The actors did a good job
Am I the only one who killed myself whilst blowing up Mr Bean?
Is no one going to mention 47s shadow?
The robot made him an eggs-human! I’ll get my coat
The pen to the eye scrambled his brain, and he lost the last few months of memory. That's why he has returned to miami, with no memory  of having done this all before.
10:26 Unnoticed kill!?....God those guards really are not trying are they?
The egg robot scrambled Sean Bean. Sorry for the bad pun, Omelet myself out.
He's dead now, it has Bean prophesised.
We made this robot to make eggs not kill. Well... you can't make a omelet without breaking a few... Beans?

Boo?
Jane "doesn't" have a white lab coat. Anytime you see a woman wearing a lab coat, who looks like identical to Jane, doing mad science or plotting world domination; its not her. Because Jane doesn't own a white lab coat ;)
Why didn’t Andy just put the sniper rifle in the briefcase?
The game should have given an achievement for the pen death titled “Wrong Sean”.
It was going to make eggs.  You cant make omelets without breaking a few eggs.
Agent 47 is like a homicidal Mr Benn. Dresses in different costumes every week and goes on adventures, except in 47's case, he leaves bodies behind him.
If you want to make sure Sean Bean is dead you have to nuke him from orbit- it's the only way to be sure...
This was the first silent assassin exclusive target I ever got I killed Sean bean with a toilet
jane got to be the worst assassin ever, she walks in front of her own bullets.
18:45. Sean Bean is telling you how he will survive this, and it looks like he knows you plan on shooting him?
My fav Sean Bean death is ''Death by cattle stampede off of a cliff face'' in 'The Field' (1990)
Maybe, just maybe Sean Bean is in a time loop here? Reliving his deaths in milions of ways for eternity? Poor mister Bean ... I mean Sean Bean :P
There are only three things you are guaranteed in life. Life, Death, and Sean will die in every medium he is a part of. When the day comes, and he "actually" dies I'm not sure I'll believe it. Well played.
What’s with hitmans shadow?
I mean you did make him eggs. His brain was scrambled
This is a strange video... are we sure Jane and Andy are not just reacting to Mike's play-through of this? They seem a little... all over the place today.
I'm starting to realize that Americans are fat because is we have all of the world's best foods from everywhere...  Every time you guys try something, besides candy, it's something that I've known of my entire life and I grew up in middle America, lol
Knock someone out cold with a muffin? Totally believable. Leave an unmarked bag unattended in a public toilet without raising suspicions in a post-9/11 world? No dice, Hitman! What is this? A fantasy RPG? Next thing we know 47 will kill his next target with a lightsaber.
are we getting a full video of Sekiro by Luke since he has finished it?
Since he's wearing an eye patch, I guess the pen really is mightier than the explosive materials.
14:50 jane and andy argue about how is possible sean bean is alive.
me: guys when you notice something like that remember  "a wizard did it"
Watching a brittish gamer instinctively run to the wrong side of a vehicle in a game will never not be funny.
First
Andy's "fighting game weirdness" videos are surely common enough to deserve their own playlist by now right?
I feel Nidhogg fits this... FIGHT TO THE DEATH FOR THE HONOR OF BEING CONSUMED BY A GIANT WORM
Andy said "Gently bonking your bulldozer". Now that's one for the Urban Dictionary.
"The game is Japan only release..." Ok so it's totally weird then
Javert: Prisoner 24601
Valjean: That is not my name, my name is Robo-Jean Valjean
Teras Kasi is definitely cannon. Vader beat the Emperor with a Ring Out after all.
You forgot that one where a vast array of completely unrelated characters fight against giant hands that come from the sky.
But Andy think about it. A Les Mis fighting game sounds brilliant!
I am now imagining how Hamilton, Phantom of the Opera, and Cats would do.
"Gently bonking" will be my official statement after I finally snap and punch out one of my co-workers.
Fight of Gods, of course. It's the Jesus vs. Moses showdown of the century!
Honorable mention: Fight Gods

For if you've ever wanted to see Jesus Christ beef it out with Santa Claus... 😂

I know it's on Switch, but I'm sure it's on other platforms too...
The name "Arm Joe" comes from the original Japanese title of Les Mis, 「ああ無情」(Aa Mujou).
Merilwen will not be happy hearing ol' Andy being dismissive about bears in tournaments.
The plot of Dong Dong Never Die is literally the plot to Terminator 2, it even starts with narration from Sarah Connor. The difference is that the cyborg sent back in time is Dong Dong, and the evil terminator is some guy in a gas mask that heals by showing off his nipples and sings R. Kelly's I Believe I Can Fly when he wins. The secret ending is a teaser for Streets of Rage 4 on the Ps Vita. I'm not making a word of this up.
As someone who visits building sites from time to time, I can confirm giant wasps are a thing there.
Teras Kasi in a nutshell:

Boba Fett: "You call throwing thermal detonators around a martial art!?"

Leia: "Hey, as long as it works!"
Shout out to Battle for Presidency, for letting me live my lifelong dream of beating up Teddy Roosevelt on the MOON
At first I was like "Rival Schools better be in this list" then by the end I now consider Rival Schools to be quite normal indeed
But does battle construction vehicles have ROAD ROLLA DA!
One of the most shameful moments of my life was when I traded Donkey Kong Country to my friend for Ballz right before he moved away.

I had beaten DKC a hundred times by that point... but is there a world where you have heard of a worse trade?
“Half Ship, Half Pagoda and Half Elvis Presley”
Andy, that’s not how division works...
Qi'ra (Emilia Clarke) uses Teräs Käsi in Solo. I guess they consider it canon?
This video features Dong and Ballz  (tee hee)
Les Miserables the fighting game: I never even thought of that!
Akatsuki Blitzkampf better be on here. Everyone's either a nazi, and Imperial Japanese soldier, A revolve wielding nun sleeper agent or an actual tank
Baraka doesn't only break your brain in his new fatality, he also spears it then takes a giant bite out of it.
Andy: somehow half ship, half pagoda and half Elvis Presley
Jane: That’s not how fractions work.
OH MY GOD, I HAD BALLZ!!!

(Something I thought I would never have to say in my life...)
You missed 'fight of gods'. Where you can satisfy the need to pit Buddha vs Jesus or Moses vs Zeus
Of course, many would have said, at the time, that making a musical version of Hugo's novel was just as nutty.


Just saying...
Les Miserable the fighting game
Construction vehicle battle!!!
Cho Aniki - I have no words
 🤣 omg  i love this list

Btw Andy, Teras Kasi was mentioned in Solo. 😶 Officially canon
Idea for a video:
“X times our good deeds really weren’t.”

Examples:
In Fallout 3 you gain karma for donating to the Children of Atom, but in Fallout 4 they are basically a terrorist organization, irradiating anyone they come across.
Plus (spoiler) depending on how you play Far Harbor you wipe out a town entirely, children included.

Another example could be sparing any Dishonored character (especially the Pendletons. Losing your tongue and being thrown in a mine doesn’t exactly sound like a good way to go).

Or in Dark Soul’s painting world where you have no reason to kill the final boss but you can.
Surely killing this powerful boss will help the world... right?

If anyone seeing this has good ideas for more examples, leave a reply!
Seriously would actually watch Les Mis if it was done in the one on one fighting way.
Any fighting game worth its salt lets bears compete...
Wow I forgot about that starwars game, I knew I wasn't crazy when I told people what it was about.
Teräs Käsi was not made just for the game in this video. It was a fighting style developed specifically to combat Jedi. It was in other Star Wars EU stories as well as part of Star Wars Galaxies.
3:37-3:46


You could fit this conversation in Xenoblade chronicles 2 and it wouldn't even make a difference
If Teras Kasi is canon this means Mara Jade survived the cull \o/
AHH, the early 90's that was a weird time, wait I was born in the early 90's, well I guess it explains why I'm weird! 🤔




P.S. If nobody gets my weird sense of humour, I understand.
Gonna watch later, but if Ninja Hamster isn't in this list then you've missed out.
I don't know if I should be proud... or ashamed that I have played three of these games.

And to be clear, it was back when they came out, not playing them on a .rom later.
You mentioned Teras Kasi but not Sonic Fighters?
How DARE you!
What kind of fighting tournament lets a bear compete?
A great one, Andy...A great one.
Ballz was very impressive at the time and played surprisingly well,
Science Kombat. A game that pits history's greatest scientists and inventors against each other (including Steven Hawking) with the final boss being God.
Kinda surprised toribash wasn't on this list. Fight frame by frame and watch how weird it looked in 30fps at the end
Japan never ceases to amaze me
You think you've seen everything but no..
They just have extra brain cells than u
Teras Kasi has been referenced in other STAR WARS media.
Did BVC get created because someone really liked Bob the builder? (Regardless of what you say that's what I'm gonna think)
I will never forget Masters of Teras Kasi....partly because it was pretty bad, but mostly because the Tusken Raider character you could play as was named Hoar and my friends & I always found it hilarious to have a mirror match just to hear the announcer say "Hoar vs Hoar" :P


Also Fighters Megamix, a Sega fighting game ( Saturn I think ) that featured the car from Daytona USA as a fighter....also in Japan the game featured Pepsi Man as a guest fighter...
Masters of Teras Kasi is absolutely canon. It was referenced by name in Solo: A Star Wars Story.
Bob: Can we fight them!?
Young boi: in British Shut it gramps!
I think Jackie Chan Kung Fu Master should be included
Dude, you can't explain Cho Aniki with mere human words, it was useless to try.
Also listening to Andy trying to pronounce Teräs Käsi (Steel Hand) was somewhat humorous and I'm required by law to like this video since it relates to Finland in some small capacity.
What about Divekick, the fighting game where the only things your characters can do are...jump...and...divekick. Pretty literal, innit?
My buddy suggested this. Really enjoyed. Added to our monthly suggestions playlist!
I remember a game on the super nintendo. Clay fighter anyone? Or even shaq fu?
Kabuki Fighter for the Neo Geo Arcade. A great fighting game about Kabuki Actors.
I remember time killers. It was the only reason i liked the laundry mat
Time Killers was my jam, bro. I spent so many quarters at the arcade with that game. It was boss!
That Cho Aniki fighter had a Satellaview demo. The game feels a bit less weird when there's only two playable characters.


Disappointed that there was no "SEXY BEAM" launched in the entire segment.
I was surprised at the lack of Waku Waku 7, or one of the many, many, weird fighter packs for Mugen.
I was expecting to see anime-stripper-robot fighting game "Metal & Lace: Battle of the Robo Babes" and the D&D fighting game "Iron & Blood" on this list.
My favorite fighting game was Sango Fighter . It wasn't weird, but it was a good substitute for SF and MK. I also enjoyed Bruce Lee Lives which was only slightly weird.
This list is missing Joy Mech Fight, it's like a 2D version of Ballz for the NES. Actually plays pretty well.
It's not the "Revolutionary France" it's the "July Revolutionary France", come on, you're better than this Andy.
Tongue of the fat man doesn't get a mention??? Proposterous 😂 but maybe it's for the best.
What about Clayfighter. Combatants are clay figures stop motion slugging each other.

 The one who loses is the one most "out of shape" in the end. XD
Rakugaki Showtime exists... and it has Marina Liteyears from Mischief Makers.
Arm Joe definitely strikes me as the weirdest.  Now let's make a Soul Calibur style game featuring every Shakespeare character who has ever wielded a sword... forsooth!
"Och!  Tis boot a scratch!" - me and my friends used to say all the time playing "Time Killers".
Teraskasi was mentioned in Solo: A Starwars Story
Basically its a fighting style used to fight Force users.

Qira was said to be a master of it in the film
Valiant attempt to explain or even DESCRIBE Cho Aniki.
Alright, these are weird. And not the Kojima kind of weird that you can try and succeeded understand after too many nights up without sleeping or the Dark Souls Lore kind or weird which require maybe a full week without sleeping to understand it.
You forgot Street Fighter The Movie fighting videogame. XXOX
I used to play Balls back in the days!
Bro i played that star wars on demo and never heard about it again lol shit was lit for a 6 year old
Had to click when i saw Arm Joe
NEO AQUARIUM - The King of Crustaceans -


Hands down the very weirdest fighting game i've ever played.
"and what kind of fighting tournament let's a bear compete?" 
i see you've never been to kentucky
A friendly reminder that "Les Misérables" is a novel...
Thems Fighting Herds? Odd how a couple of bronies actually made a pretty in depth fighting game
lol BCV is creative I admit. don't operate heavy machinery when drunk of course.
Theres one game where famous fastfood mascots duke it out king of fighters style. Forgot the name
Blaz blue is too mainstream to be considered weird, but it’s def on the interesting side. 

Coffence doesn’t play well, but the concept is certainly interesting. 

Finally, there is the Brazilian 2d super high quality Saint Seiya fighting game that is still in development.
ClayFighter should definitely be on this list! Claymation characters including a snowman, an Elvis impersonator, a clown and a Valkyrie. Way more bonkers than Star Wars characters fighting each other.
I had time killers on Sega.
It was pretty badass 👌
Last night I dreamt there was a duel-rpg game designed after me, my gf was in it and had defense and healing moves meant mostly to keep her with the most hp at the end of the round, while my character had the most moves but most where weird and super-occasional such as: receive triple damage but negate enemy healing, the game was part RPG but when the special moves where preparing you would fight like in Guilty Gear but with real life graphics, then it would all freeze and each character would pick their move to use the next few seconds. (you could pick a few from a huge list before the fight and only use them once each round, also my gf had a super powerful "Brightmode wave super" which was only available at the end but devastating)


There was also a tiny chick which built powerful tools and machines during her turns which you as her opponent could break down or choose to take her down fast before she spent the turns to complete them, I lost as I thought she was weak but her robot she built was extremely powerful but slow, until she merged with it and it gave her hyper armor and stuff so she beat me, by then I ran out of continues and could only pick  (my real name)




... I wanted to play moar because it was awesome :)
Just making random vids for quick views and a YouTube paycheck...EXTRA LAME!!!
Missed Sesame Street Fighter, the greatest fighting game of our generation.
Dong Dong never dies is more akin to KOF and Guilty Gear rather than Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat...
That sega fighting game where even the Daytona 500 car steps and fights is really weird lol
what About Def Jam?You could fight AS elephant man,lil Wayne,lil Kim,Busta Rhyms,Ja Rule etc
How about Clayfighters on the SNES? Game was as fun as it was bizarre. Not many games will pit sentient snowman with anger management issues with a gel-obsessed Elvis impersonator
Les Miserables fighting game?! I want to play! 😋❤️
Welp, i now have a really fun sunday coming up, thanks OxBox
0:05 A DAMN GOOD ONE
"Half ship, half pagoda and half Elvis Presley?" I see Mathematics has suffered since I was at school, lol. 8-)
How could you miss Iron and Blood: Warriors of Ravenloft? A Dungeons and Dragons fighting game... Come on!!
"what kinda tournament let's bears compete"

The ones with fursan rangchu
Dong Dong Never Die looks and plays better than most MK knockoffs back in the 90s. I'm impressed.
Dissapointed that Thrill Kill didn't make it onto the list.
I'm sure it would be a cease and desist magnet, but can you imagine a fighter based on Tolkien's Middle Earth stuff?  Frodo's ultimate attack would be to wear the ring, sneak behind his opponent, and stab them in both kidneys with Sting.


Unfortunately, it doesn't work against Sauron.
expected Dong Dong Never Die



not disappointed
There's also a rather weird arcade fighting game where you play as one of the many monarchal souvereigns in our world. I think it was simply called Princes
Deadliest warrior which I think got a sequel. Pirate Vs ninja. Ninja vs knight and many other memorable match ups
No Hockey Dad? Disappointing!
Well Tera Kasi, or however you spell it, was mentioned in Solo so maybe it still counts

Also no love for clayfighter?
Lethal League
Trying to hit each other with a baseball going supersonic.
5:25 "Explain to me how you're going to dodge these knives, Jotaro."
two words. well, one word with a hyphen: Shaq-fu
Someone was a fan of the Super Best Friends and their Saturday Morning Scrublords show it seems.
DiveKick and Brief Karate Foolish are both very important for this list
I'm a simple girl. I see Enjolras in the thumbnail, I click.
Die By The Sword was also a fighting game where you could remove limbs of your opponent.
3 words brief karate foolish
Funnily enough, Terras Kasi IS mentioned in Solo 🤷‍♂️
Now to think what an Outside Xbox/Outside Xtra combat game would look like 🤔
What about Clay Fighters?
Didn't JONTRON review a Shoniki 2D sidescrolling Shootemup?
Well, there's also the Mugen  engine, a computer fighting game engine where you can have anyone literally anyone fight anyone else..

Then there was that weird console fighting that had that youth stealing old lady as a fighter....
'GENTLY BONKING'  needs to enter by daily vocab
You forgot Jackie Chan's fists of fire. The best fighting game with three Jackie Chans in it.
I loved BCV! What a game that is!
Dong dong never die is awesome! they should make esl out of it.
No Full House Fighter: Tournament Edition?
I was thoroughly impressed by Andy's pronunciation of Teräs Käsi. The stress occasionally slipped onto the last syllable, but otherwise it was very close to how we'd say those words in Finnish. Well done sir!
The new cannon in my eyes (like dragon ball GT) is non-cannon
TIME KILLER LOOK DAMN FUN TO PLAY! i love de rancid man
If you're going to make fun of ppl for not knowing Star Wars, maybe do some research yourself. Teras Kasi was NOT made up for the game. It's actually a martial art used in the official books.
If we're talking about mechanics and gameplay, then the likes of Psychic Force and Senko No Ronde definitely belong in this list. The characters may not be as batshit insane as the ones in this one (save for star wars and Time Killers) but the games themselves are unlike anything else out there. 


Also, Bloodstorm
SW fans: "Is Teras Kasi even canon?"
SW devs: "Well, yes, but actually, no."


(As I know the game's plot isn't, but some of the lore, particularly the fighting style teras kasi comes up again in the (second) animated Clone Wars series, which is indeed canon)
Good video! I'm liked and share 195 times :D
Before seeing this...if time slaughter isnt number one it's a fail list

This is fact...not opinion

And no I don't mean time killers
0:09 Jesus, Cheeseburger, your career really went down the Kermit when the bombs fell
How did that old StarWars fighting game get updated to include Kylo Ren? Why go out and update a fossil of a game?
And why can a Tuskin Raider named Hoar survive dozens of lightsaber strikes to the skull? A time traveling game shown earlier on the list already got dismemberment down. It was doable!
I would let a bear fight, especially if it is Kumatetsu. >B)
7:30 "stupid human words." I love your choice of verbiage.
My question is how do you  guys and gals keep making awesome and informative lists after so many? This channel is spectacular.
Dong Dong Never Die is a true masterpiece.
oh my god BCV!!!!!!!!! shiiit I forgot about that one ahahahah
2:56 This is exactly how I imagine fighting the black knight from the Holy Grail would go: quickly.
Clayfighters, Primal Rage, Arms, Fight of Gods
clay fighter
i actually remember Time Killers. i loved trying to get those decapitate hits
Clay Fighters sounds perfectly normal after those...
Anyone else suspect the involvement of narcotics during the development phase of some of these games?

Not always a bad thing though.
Listen to Der Schreiber by Timo Maas. He said he put a lot of beer and weed into that and I don't care what it cost; it was worth it.
No Bible Fight? Literally fighting as Satan or God is fun, but Moses stage is the parted Red Sea and Noah is imagined as this Popeye like sailor with anchor tatoos and all!
I remember one I had for ps1 back in the late 90s you could be a 6 legged rhino.....




 Edit: I just looked it up it was called the Unholy War the six legged rhinos name is brontu
I think that persona 4 arena ultimax deserves a spot
Any fighting game based off a Anime visual novel rpg game is shaky at best. They also spoil who the main atagonist of p4 is.
Oh my god yes! Dong Dong Never Die!! I love that game! And I never even heard of BVC! This list is legit.
Arm Joe's animations though are so spectacular
Arm Joe is now top of my To-Play-At-Some-Point-Undetermined-In-The-Future list. The Book of Mormon or Phantom of the Opera could work pretty spectacularly, too
I thought of Clay Fighter 63 1/2 but even THAT is not weird enough for this list :)
I'm surprised how well Andy pronounced Teräs Käsi (btw it means steel hand in Finnish).
Teräs Käsi as a fighting style is still canon.
Clayfighter?
Surely Full House Tournament Fighter deserves a mention
Theres my boy oliva unchained
Bio F.R.E.A.K.S. anyone? Bio-engineered combatants fighting on behalf of corporations to see who takes over Neo-Amerika... made by Midway so you know they had some grizzly finishers.
'Half ship, half pagoda, and half Elvis Presley'?? That's not how percentages work Andy! Where was Jane when this script was being written?
Apparently there's one that lets you pit the ice climbers vs samus...
Why isn’t Brief Karate Foolish up there?!
What about "Fight of Gods"? WTF! They have Jesus Christ, Buddha, and Moses as Playable characters? 💙!
OMG. I’ve watched Critikal play that construction vehicle battle game before 😂😂😂
This has a distinct lack of Mugen for a video about weird fighting games.
Project justice for dream cast
I never thought I'd ever play a game where I'd fight Cho Aniki characters. And then I started playing Langrisser: Mobile...


Even the characters in-game find them horrifying.
Dong dong is very popular in salty bet community at least. 🙃
Technically.. Star Wars was cannon...It's now Legends book material.
Oh my God, a Deadliest Warrior reference! I never thought I'd hear that on this channel. Thank you so much, I love that show!
TBH I actually want that Les Mis fighting game lol. 


And, as an avid play of Langrissier Mobile, I had NO idea that the Aniki bros came from somewhere else, only to find that the makers of Cho Aniki are actually the same people who made the original Langrissier... I have absolutely no clue how that happened
I used to spend hella quarters on Timekillers back in the good ole arcade days
Haha! Dong Dong Never Die is hilariously brilliant.
I don't have the heart to tell Andy this is non cannon...
(UNLESS WE FIND OUT IN EPISODE 9 MARA JADE IS CANNON AND LUKE IS ACTUALLY KYLO'S FATHER!!!)

Edit: Canon is not spelled with two "n"s
You missed out Street Smart and Pit Fighter.
AKA "All the beat-em-up games you'd find on the Hong Kong Cavaliers' HQ bus that Buckaroo Banzai collected across time in his rocket car."
This is spectacular! The videogame weirdness videos are some of my favorites, and Andy's descriptions of what's happening are hilarious. Absolutely brilliant
Idk why but I expected to see Super Cosplay War Ultra here lol
If they ever make Hamilton a fighting game I already have an idea for Aaron Burr's finishing move.
Funny thing the Star Wars martial art from that game is referenced in a line in Solo a Star Wars story so I guess it can be cannon if you want it to be.
There's one doujin fighting game with chibi characters I can't remember the name of. I know it had one character that would always say "eee" or "ee" "ee" "ee"
Special respect for pronounce teräs käsi correctly!
King of the iron fist Tournament. That's who let's a bear fight. Also he's on payroll so there's that
7:40 Yes, I see what you're talking about, but seeing and comprehending are wildly different things.
What about Full House Tournament Fighter.
We just ganna forget about clay fighter
Wasn't there an old claymation fighting game for the Sega Genesis?
5:24 - 5:32 CHECKMATE!
Clayfighter games were also really weird and funny.
How is a Star Wars fighting game weird? All they do is fight.
Full House, the American 80's/90's family sitcom, has a fighting game
I played hours and HOURS of Masters of Teras Kasi growing up.
Teräs käsi is Finnish for steel hand.
I remember Time Killers. It was basically a skinned Street Fighter II but with worse graphics. I spent a whole summer dumping quarters into it.
(It was a very small arcade...)
ballz was awesome and damn hard
oh, i remember playing Time Killers in the arcade...you forgot to mention that's it's possible to chop the enemy's HEAD off, for an instant win!
it also has a button for headbutt attacks.


i also remember an old magazine review of "ballz" that said the BEST thing about it was the cool way the loser goes to pieces. (like at )
Waku Waku 7. Two words: Ryu's bag.
Welcome to WAT simulator 2019
And then there's Brief Karate Foolish, which is kind of like Ding Dong Never Die but every character is a Japanese guy in his underwear.
Torille!!! Suomi mainittu Teräs vitun käsi!!!!
you forgot clay fighters for the SNES
No mention of the T-Rex in Ballz, Andy?
Thanks for the good list of recommendations for me and the boys at locals.
Look up Line Kill Spirits. You will not be disappointed in terms of weird fighting games. Quick summary: You play as one of a bunch of shrine maidens with cameras, and damage you do can only be made permanent by getting a panty shot of your opponent before they regenerate.
Cho Anki Series then : Weird and hilariously homoerotic.
Cho Anki Series now : Fits in perfectly with the direction gaming is going.
I never stopped believing you guys. Great work
No mention of Brief Karate Foolish? It's a Mortal Kombat-esque digitized fighting game starring Japanese men in nothing but their underwear.
Now that's a weird game.
what about rise of the robots? Amazingly weird game over about five floppy discs with a soundtrack by Brian May! Was amazing graphics for the day too!
Teräskäsi mainittu, torille.
What? No mention of MUGEN?
Bear would win everytime. Every. Single. Time.
Y'all forgot Bloody Roar. The fighting game where every character has a fursona
Not weird, but 2 of the games i really find Highly underrated.
1. 'Last Bronx' (Fighting game) is a good game with nice combos.
2. 'Caddilac and Dinosaurs' decorated my childhood and made me bunk my tuition classes.
Primal chaos
I played Star Wars: Masters of Teräs Käsi back in the day. Rented it from a Blockbuster store.
Honestly surprised "Iron and Blood: Warriors of Ravenloft" was not here. A Mortal Kombat clone based on a D&D csmpaign?

...how?
Dude, Star Wars masters of teras kasi was so much fun. What other game let's yoy play Mara Jade or Jodo Kast of all characters. Lol
What about that NES baseball game where you played as robots and would occasionally fight other robots or one of the most underrated fighting games Bushido Blade.
No mention of 'NEO AQUARIUM - The King of Crustaceans' or 'Ace of Seafood'? It's an amazing thing that these titles get to exist.
Rightio, off I go to download Dong Dong Never Die!


... Just kidding, I started downloading it well before the video was over.
A video surely inspired solely on playing a lot of Gang Beasts
Clayfighter... I thought that one was weird
Wow, I'm surprised umineko: golden fantasia wasn't on the list.....
How could you leave out Warriors of Ravenloft Iron and Blood. The took the horror setting of dungeons and dragons and made it a fighting game for playstation
Dude the first one goes hard I love heavy hits in games
I'm still waiting for the Ed Ballz DLC
You got me at Dong Dong Never Dies...i mean Two Nurse Dio is amazing 5:24
I always loved Clayfighter 2: Judgement Clay as a weird fighting game. It made me laugh.
That Star Wars game was my jam! Hoar the Tusken Raider was my favorite character. Unfortunate name tho, which kid me found out later....
I was a bit confused by the Les Miserables references to songs and musical numbers... I didn't realize it was a play, I only knew it from the novel. 
And that weird game with digital versions of the creators looked amazing!
Dong Dong Never Die looks cool, but it comes from China, and therefore is malware.
Check out for Strip Fighter 2 (Pcengine),Joy Mech Fight (Famicom) and Human Killing Machine (HKM-Atari ST/Amiga)
Kabuki Warriors on Xbox 🦄🦄🦄
Imagine if the world’s wars were solved by a Street Fighter V tournament.
I mutilated all comers with Rancid in this stand-up game
No Clay Fighters or Primal Rage? I'm not angry I'm disappointed.
Teras kasi is on the list but not the game where you only do damage If you make pantyshots of your enemies?
What about Iron and Blood: Warriors of Ravenloft, the D&D beat em up?

They took the Gothic Horror Fantasy setting, removed all the Gothic and horror, only used two characters from the Ravenloft Setting and added a really bad 90s techno soundtrack.

Did I mention the setting is Gothic Horror?
Gently bonking your bulldozer.  😂
So glad that you included 'Ballz'
Is Blazblue weird enough for this list?

It's a series about deconstructing and reconstructing anime archetypes featuring massive superweapons and arcologies.

No wait, it's about about a universe where macro-scale quantum mechanics can be exploited to  repeatedly rewrite reality.

 No, it's a post apocalyptic magitech soap opera about the impending Rapture.

No, it's a homage to Japanese, Judeochristian, and Norse mythologies with a bit of Plato and Aristotle thrown in.

No, it's an analysis of gender roles in both religion and anime.

Actually, it's all of these things, but with added cat girls (and boys), cyborgs, ghosts, partially incarnated dieties, and overly aggressive marionettes that run on nuclear power and/or souls.
I've actually played one of these back in the day.... lol
Star wars episode III also had a fighting game
Finally Dong Dong Never Dies receives the recognition it deserves.
After see this video..im be arm joe fan
0:45 Les Miserables doesn't take place during the French Revolution you clowns
These are some bizarre games. Thank you, Andy for the informative video.
BCV was so fun, even if I never had any idea how to use the controls.
The JoJo's Bizarre Adventures fighting games like Eyes of haven or All star battle would be perfect for this list 
For example that attack were dio freezzes someone and the the other DIO blows them up with his vapire eyes
Dong Dong Never Die = Instant Download !!!
What about brief karate foolish
No Clayfighter??
Thrill kill belongs here, not sure you could show footage though
SW - Teras Kasi is surprysingly a nice game. Played a lot on the PS.
clayfighter
I think the only one of these I've ever played was Masters of Teras Kasi.
This video made me laugh so much. I love Andy's commentary! 😆
#4 looks lit AF, I would love to see that imported into the Nintendo Switch
i ecxpecet the lucky star fighting game...
What about Mugen? Nah, just kidding.

Back on topic, honestly, I have no idea that some of these fighting games actually exist. I better check these out.
No mention of Karate Brief Foolish?
What about the Marvel vs Capcom 2 MUGEN ???
You could fight as Homer vs Peter Grifing LOL
You could even select Ultron
Brief Karate Foolish should have been number 8. A fighting game with a bunch of Japanese men in tighty whities. The games motto is great as well.
"First of all, discard reason. Everything is from then!”
Mugen. Weirdest fighting game ever. No two versions of the game are the same, thousands of characters to choose from in a fight, and most of the characters are created by fans of the game or imported from different sources. As a result there are matches like Sailor Moon vs Homer Simpson, Inuyasha vs Giga Bowser and Mega Man vs The Zeeky Bomb.
I've played most of them
But gdi Ballz is BAD, can you even call it a game?
My family went on vacation to orlando in 1992 (i was 11) and the hotel had an arcade with Time Killers. There were so many other kids in the hotel and ever night we'd have makeshift Time Killer tournaments. Whenever someone would get decapitated 20 kids would scream and cheer..  Probably one of the best memories from my childhood.. Thanks for reminding me of it.
Yo these games are freaking brilliant. A freaking fighting game based off Les Miserables, what!? 😂😂😂😂😂😂
The fact that a Les Mis fighting game exists brings me an unreasonable amount of joy.
Check out Time Slaughter. It's pretty weird and you'll need to bleep just about everything Savage says.
Teräs Käsi is finnish and means "Steel Hand"
I feel my life is richer for knowing there's a Les Mis fighting game.
Yo I had that Star wars game it was actually pretty fun 😂
Teräs Käsi wasn't invented for the game, Andy ! It was first mentioned in Shadows of the Empire (the '96 SW-novel, not the game of the same name) and in-universe, at least in the Legends-EU, it chronologically dates back even farther, all the way to the time-period the KOTOR games take place in (roughly). And it is canonically a martial arts specifically designed to fight Jedi. And yes, even in the modern canon, it is still ... well ... canon. All the history around it was dumped, of course, but it does exist and we even saw Qi'ra do it in Solo.

Well, at least thoe lucky few of us that actually went to see Solo ...
💡Video Suggestion: 7 Villains with backstories so complicated that they needed more than one game to cover it all.
"Bonking your bulldozer" merch please... in hi vision colours
I believe Toribash deserves a mention
Star Wars Masters of Teras Kasi is is a gem. I used to play it alot until my PS1 quit working.

Teras Kasi (the fighting style) is officially canon as it is mentioned in Solo A Star Wars Story. So perhaps the game events are canon...
Beat Em Ups.... Fighting Games
Two Separate Categories outsidexbox
5:39 I just noticed that guy in red is wearing a Transformers T Shirt. Nice
No shout out to clay fighters?
Wasn't terkasi or whatever mentioned in the latest star wars so it's canon
wait isn't Pete Gold doing to voice of the protagonist in the construction game?
"Shut it...Gramps!"
How about indie game King of the Hat?  While it's more of a party game, the roster includes characters like a washing machine and a literal question mark.
Weirdest fighting game has got to be the one where you summon ghost like things and have them fight for you
Fun fact: as of SOLO, Teras Kasi IS in fact canon
You missed Adult Swim's Bible Fight
Dong Dong Never Die is the best
Brought Dong Dong Never die to my local Smash tournament once, it was a very good time
That Le miz one actually looks sick haha
never seen le mis and you tell me its nothing like the game, guess its not worth seeing
I wouldn't really call it a homage when they're straight up taking animations & effects from other fighting games.
ive played the starwars game, it was good
CLAYFIGHTER!!!!
Teras Kasi was awesome. I loved that game.
3:12 ... time for work, boys?
Teras Kashi is cannon, it's referenced in rouge one.
No Clayfighters?
Ah yes, Arm Joe. The legend. As well as Dong Dong, AND BCV. Didn't know Cho Aniki has a fighter, though. Nice.

But, have you heard about Line-Kill Spirits? A game in which only girls in skirts are available characters. For a gameplay reason. That reason is... the damage you deal doesn't really count until you take a panty shot. Taking the Killer Instinct "cash out" mechanic to a new height.
I'll agree the Star Wars game is canon if we also say Warpath: Jurassic Park is also in it's respective universe. I need to believe that the mighty T-Rex was canonically killed by accidently bumping into an empty wooden box which then exploded. Naturally.
I half expected Mugen just because of gems like Rare Akuma and Meth Blue Ranger.  And we can't forget Bokosuka Wars.
No Tournament of Legends? That game was so bad! It was almost all motion controlled and awkward
You have unlocked a long buried memory of the fact that I seem to have played Ballz.
I'm a little disappointed Evil Zone for the PS1 wasn't on this list.  Every fighter's story was presented as its own little anime, with each fight being presented as its own episode, complete with previews of the next 'episode'.  Granted, it did have a certain charm to it, but looking back, I can't deny it was pretty weird.




Oh, also, all attacks were done using the Triangle button.
Where the heck is Brief Karate Foolish in this list
6:07 I beg your pardon!?
Strange I didn't see that "Full House" fighting game.
No mention of Brief Karate Foolish? For when you don't have enough time for a Full Length Karate Foolish.
Les Misérables as a beat-em-up would require some changes to the soundtrack. That Red and Black song could stay, but you'd also want Do You See The People Bleed, On My Own (In This Hospital Bed), Bring Him Home In Four Pieces Or Fewer ...
The Teras Kasi fighting style is canon its mentioned in Solo as a fighting style of one of the characters.
What about Bundesfighter 2 Turbo? Its a fighting Game in a Retro street Fighter style and stars german politicans as it was Made for the federal election 2017 in Germany
How was Clayfighter not on this list?
Time Killers sounds somewhat similar in story to Eternal Champions.
two words: Clay. Fighter.
As a native Finn, I love how Andy pronounces "teräs käsi" ("steel hand" in Finnish). I mean, I obviously didn't expect you to pronounce it correctly, but you did much better than I expected when I saw the title of the game. I mean, you kinda got the ä right, which is an achievement in itself. Guess Andy really is as great as he says...
No Clayfighter?
There is a fighting game based off of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure.
Pre video alert: Is brief karate foolish here?
Sumotori Dreams should be here as well I guess
That construction fighting game kinda reminds me of a tank game on the PS2 that lets you customize tanks, even strap wings to it for flight. Don't remember what it was called tho..
Yes! 9:07 Especially that. For later that night Kailo was conceived.
One odd fighter I really liked was Bio F.R.E.A.K.S. for N64. So bloody. So dismembery. So fun.
😎🍻😎
The def jam games. Opening a can as snoop dog 😂
Don't forget about Bloody Roar.
dose Oh ... Sir the Insult simulator count
Actually Star Wars did have a 1 on 1 fighting game, it was for the Wii and I remember playing it a lot with my dad.
For translating the last two words of the last entry: "Teräs käsi" = "Steel hand"... Those who can't see it: It is Finnish so... "Torille"?
No mention of Fight of Gods, the game that got steam banned in Malaysia
In the same vein as Time Killers there is Bio F.R.E.A.K.S. which is a lot nastier, you know because PS1 graphics.
Thought Andy was having a stroke for a minute
Talk about weird: how can one thing be half ship, half pagoda, and half Elvis Presley, and how can a rhetorical question have an answer?
The actual Deadliest Warrior fighting game was an unbalanced hilarious mess. The pirate could use the pistol with a good chance to one shot kill an opponent.
I sense a distinct lack of Street Chaves...
The lack of Evil Zone makes me sad.  :,<
Please consider Lightning Legend, a PS1 fighter where one of the characters is a sentient couch.
Nothing weirder than Tobal n Tobal 2
Dong Dong Never Die livestream please oh please oh please lol
Rakugakids (N64) was a pretty weird fighting game.
Dong Dong Never Die is now my life's passion.
No Brief Karate Foolish?
Toribash! Definitely should be on the list
Man I can't stop laughing at this
I wish I could remember its name, but somewhere out there exists a 1v1 fighting game with at least 3 of the characters (or fighters based on those characters) from the original Ninja Scroll anime in it. Mujuro Utsutsu and Dakuan are two of those fighters. It's exceptionally bizarre.
Mortal Kombat + Star wars + done today with all the goodness of new tech (and realistiuc gore) = interesting idea, and a licensing nightmare :)
at 2:28, I very badly misheard Andy's "Shout-out to the 21st century" o_o
Clay fighter or War Gods were some weird ones
@3:51 "Gently Bonking" is the name of my new, extremely British, single!
Where's the 'How many of these games have you played?' poll?

Answer: 0
A fighting game based on Broadway Musicals? That sounds amazing.
Phantom of the Opera: The Fighting Game practically sells itself! Or maybe Avenue Q: Street of Pain! Oh, Spam-a-lot! Who wouldn't enjoy a Monty Python inspired Fighting Game!?!
I once learned about an indie fighting game where all the damage and healing done to one player affects the other. I forget what it’s called, though.
How about M.U.G.E.N where you can put in any character you like and have sesame streets big bird fight Optimus prime?
"A selection of utterly bonkers characters knock each other silly in various weird locations" could describe nearly every fighting game ever (not that Cho Aniki isn't bizarre)
I'm honestly amazed that you guys didn't include Fight of Gods on Steam... I don't think you can get any weirder than having Anubis fight Odin, or Buddha duke it out against Santa Claus...


Also Nidhogg is another good contender -- it teaches a lot about basic fighting game mechanics but WTF, the prize for the winner is getting eaten by a worm? You can't get stranger than that.
I actually remember playing the Star Wars one at my friend's house.  It might be a weird concept, but as a fighting game you could move along multiple axes it was actually really cool.  And Thok's axe hurt if you managed to stick around under it.
I actually played "Time Killers" in the arcade in the early 90s. The buttons corresponded to the arms and legs.
Teras Kari is definitely canon, it was referenced in Solo I believe
Andy's pronunciation of Teräs käsi was quite good! Its Finnish word and means steel hand.
How could you not include Clay Fighter
"Shut it. Gramps!!"
These actually look fun! 🤣🤣🤣👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Brief Karate Foolish wasn't in this list. It's the weirdest thing I've ever freaking seen.
the les miserables fighting game looks actually good
If anyone has a Wii still Tatsunoko Vs SNK is kinda weird but still a solid fighting game.  Might be expensive now though.
No mention of Warpath: Jurassic Park? For shame!
"Shut it... Gromps!"
Masters of Terris Käsi wasn't even canon before Disney redconned everything.
Teras Kasi is mentioned by name in Solo: A Star Wars Story. Canon confirmed
What, no thenardier?
Shadow war of succession, that game was...something else, I'm going to say "confusing".
Monty python and the holy grail references? Wow!! 👏👏👏
Haven't played it myself, but what about Shaq-Fu? The main character, as you would guess by the name, is Shaquille O'Neal who is, for reasons I sure as hell don't know, transported into another dimension.
I think it's time for OXBox the Fighting Game.
I'm surprised you didn't include Fire Pro Wrestling Returns or World as entries.  Games where you can make fighters resembling Ronald McDonald and have them fight Colonel Sanders, Wendy, and a giant panda to determine true fast food supremacy.
Hi outsidexbox crew — “teras kasi” means “steel hand” in Finnish.  The writer Timothy Zahn came up with it when he was writing those Expanded Universe novels, along with characters like Thrawn and Mara Jade.  Hope that helps!
Not quite on topic but perhaps Andy remembers Monkey Kombat from Escape from Monkey Island. Pretty weird.
That crane sword blade was amazing
Aww.......you guys forgot brief karate foolish....that was one hell of a weird game.
I was obsessed with Time Killers! We would play just to cut off arms and legs, I thought,  before winning
What, no Ehrgeiz?
I need Arm Joe in my life.
Who has BCV in their collection? 🙋
Who thinks it's a decent title? 🙋
Andy's Japanese pronunciation is the best.
Teräs käsi is finnish for Steel hand
les miserables fighting game was not what I was expecting when I clicked on this
Don't get it wrong.  ALL the Cho Aniki games are like that.
Damm I am a avid game player and have never seen any of these games before.
For the love of God: Jackie Chan in Fists of Fire. There's not one, not two, but THREE Jackie Chan's in the game.
Anyone remember Sonic the fighters?
BCV was a hilarious game to me....
i missed the Clay Fighter series in this list
wait no divekick shame on you!!
Arm joe like king of fighter
"Line-Kill! Spirits" should probably be on here, it's a fighting game where you have the traditional punches and kicks, but those don't do damage. The way you do damage is by knocking a member of the all female cast down or putting them in some other position and taking a photograph of their panties. Because ya know, Japan.
Shaq-Fu (need I say more?) and Thems Fightin' Herds, a My Little Pony fighting game.
"Or was that Shakesphere?"

I almost missed that. I almost missed that.

Well done.
Number 3, extreme Bob the Builder.
No Divekick? It's on Steam and was pretty popular for the weirdness that happens in game.
Ah, Cho Aniki...we meet again...
Is it just me or does Arm Joe lowkey look fire?
Dong Dong Never Die will reach cult classic status like Pong 60 years from now
Def jam vandetta, I think that’s the name, the one with the hip hop artists
Masters of Teras Kasi is probably not canon, but surprisingly, Teras Kasi itself now is, thanks to Solo: A Star Wars Story.
teräs käsi is actually finnish (my language) and means steel hand
Cho Aniki got a spinoff?
I Highkey love the Star Wars one. I remember playing a demo of it on some PS1 Pizza Hut disc that we got as part of our meal some.. I dunno.. 18 years ago?
I’ve been looking for it ever since. Thank you.
Castlevania: Judgement.
Teras kasi is referenced as a martial art in Solo  so I think we can say the game is definitely still Canon 😂
Arm Joe, finally a fighting game my mum would be interested in playing
What about best fighter "Battle of the eras" It's time killers but 100x better
I used to love playing that Star Wars one on my PS1
Time killers I spent many an hour at an arcade on holiday at Primrose valley playing that
Yea boi Dong Dong Never Dies
Giant wasps are why I don't go outside in general
No love for 3DO Ballz?  Lame!
In place of Masters of Teräs Käsi, where it doesn't seem like you were too clear about what was especially weird about it, I think the last one should've been Science Kombat, a fighting game featuring historical genius scientists like Stephen Hawking, Albert Einstein, Isaac Newton, etc. as characters.
No Pocket Fighter?!?
I beat Time Killers the first and only time I ever played it with Ash- er, Rancid I mean (gotta watch that copyright infringement)...
No mention of how in Time Killers you can just cut your opponents head off for an instant win?
Oh, this is the Star Wars game MovieBob was talking about.
as someone who barely knows Star Wars lore but speaks Finnish as a first language, that Teräs Käsi (literally Steel Hand) mention was a sudden punch to the face. double whammy with the pronunciation, holy ****.  torilla tavataan, i guess.
No clay fighters
no fight of gods?
I'm not gonna lie. That Les Miserables game looks freakin awesome!
6:46 This theme song sounds like it features a different pair of balls
WHAT ABOUT CLAYFIGHTERS@?
What about Them's Fightin Herds?
Eight Marbles....




That’s it. Oh and don’t search it on YouTube, trust me.

Oh ok. I will say something about the game. All the characters are girls and they all fart. A lot.
Teras Kasi (the martial art, not the game) is now movie-level canon. it's mentioned in the visual dictionary for Last Jedi, and then straight up mentioned in Solo itself.
Last one is either made by finnish people or made for finnish people, and I would put all my money on later. Because no one in here mix english and finnish together it's either or....
how dare you put star wars: masters of teras kasi on this list?!!....it was a masterpiece for 8 year old me
Primal rage. It's weirdness is all it's remembered for.
Didn't some chaps have a real construction wars??? Saw that somewhere, game inspired eh?
Anyone know that theme that plays in the background at 8:20? Sounds so familiar...
What? No Toribash? But it's such a bizarre game that it hardly counts as a fighting game.
@3:21 Is that a jojo reference?
Would Catfight the old 1996 PC Game count? It features eleven female fighters. But it's kinda bad if you asked me.
three words: brief karate foolish.
That first game looks like a reskin or joe joes bizarre adventure....
7:30 so the creators were on ALL the drugs right?
How could you forget Fight of Gods.
Time killers was awesome!!!! 
I was 8 in 1992 and jus laughed at that shit
And I've never stabbed anyone so violent video games makes people violent is b.s.
I'm kind of surprised that the Japanese fighting game "Melty Blood" wasn't on this list for the name alone.
Teräs käsi as a fighting style is 110% canon these days, believe it or not. Qi'ra namechecked it during the Solo movie.
I need that Les Mis fighter
The world needs more ballz. I want 2 Ballz in my hands
There is another fighting game where you attack with construction equipment.




Or a road roller to be exact. JBA is weird in any form.
Weird fighting games and not 1 mention of 8 Marbles? Cmon guys, what part of weaponised  flatulence did you not get?
He said ballz 🤣
Today is my 30th birthday. Thank you outsidexbox for the wonderful present of letting me know that there is a fighting game based on Les Miserables.
Smh. Brief Karate Foolish was not included. What's weirder than a bunch of live action Japanese men fighting each other in tighty whiteys?
Wasn't there a fighting game where you could play Jesus and Buddha? 😂
Genre: Japanese.
Ballz was actually a really fun fighter. And the characters were pretty easy to tell what they were and tell them apart :P
Wargods was pretty weird
Where is the fighting game where you can play as Jesus battling the buddha
5:26 Inhales IS THAT A JOJO REFERENCE????
Seems like 'Time Killers' and 'Arm Joe' should swap names.
Never thought I'd hear cantonese in a oxbox video but here I am...?
I have a copy of Ballz at my parents' house and the SegaCD (MegaDrive is the same, I believe?) system too. Dunno if it works anymore, but it's there and now I want to see if it does work.
Andy- “What type of fighting tournament lets a bear compete?”

Me- “umm... better question, what fighting tournaments said ‘no, we don’t need a bear.’”
I clicked on this vidoe because I still play Arm Joe every once in a while. Also, I feel like Stupor Youtube Fighter belongs on this list.
Tera Kasi was fun as hell though T_T
Gotta say we had the starvwars one growing up and it was actually kinda fun
#4 copyright laws would have a field day with this one
There was a fighting game on PS1 where you played as a selection of naval vessels. A friend of mine briefly owned it and I’ve been trying to remember what it was called for years.

Perhaps somebody here can enlighten me.
Slap Happy Rhythm Busters on the PS1. Finishing moves that have the mechanics of a music rhythm game. So much awesome.
So... much... innuendo.
omg I played that Star Wars game when I was a kid. you guys just made my nostalgia go crazy
I had the Star Wars one and I loved it as a kid. Aside from the lame story it isn't all that weird.
Shut it, Gramps!
We should spam Victor Hugo with tweets until he changes the ending of Les Miz to include a street fight.
Cho Aniki also has a side scrolling shooter game too. I didn't know there was more to the series lol wow. I want to try that Arm Joe one.
Expected to see Brief Karate Foolish. Literally a game about doughy japanese men in their underpants beating eachother up for the right to claim the most legendary underwear.
How do you find those absolutely weird games?
I'm surprised that Andy actually got the pronunciation of "teräs käsi" quite close. And for those wondering it's Finnish and means "steel hand".
The Clay Fighter series, Aggressors of Dark Kombat, Fighter's History (especially the fully intact Japanese version) and Nidhogg would all make for fine additions to such a list.
Shaq fu was one of the weirdest for me
I remember playing the Star Wars one on a demo disc for the ps2 my dad had
I was a real shame that BCV was so simple and repetitive because I really love the concept. 
I'd really like to play a game with the same premise but good. (Anyone know of one?)


What do you have against Masters of Teras Kasi? It's like Soul Calibur but with Star Wars characters... err more Star Wars characters...
If you have a better 3d fighting game for the genesis than ballz, please let me know.
I had time killers growing up
You may swear but I don't believe you.
Nope, all Lucas Arts games are removed from cannon. Which is too bad cause Kyle Katarn was awesome.
Why does Ballz use the Spongebob font
Teras kasi as a martial arts is still canon
i like the part about balls comrade
I thought Time Killers must be a knockoff of Eternal Champions, but the internets say that EC came out in 93, making it the ripoff.  Which is really sad if the creators thought Time Killers was worth stealing.
Well they do mention teras kasi in Solo
So many...jojo references
You forgot pit fighter  >< ><  LOL
Time killers is like a clone of mortal kombat
Clay fighter and celebrity death match
What about Brief Karate? Look it up and tell me it doesn't belong here.
you missed Them Fighting Herds !!
Ah, see some Ranking of Fighters alums on here. Surprising lack of Twin Goddesses, a Japanese fighting game with FMV and cartoon characters.
Sonic fighters?
@6:28 Looks like Trichloroethanol defeating some sort of aliphatic hydrocarbon.
Mugen u missed
Hey Ballz was fun.
DDND
Double
Dungeons
N
Dragons
brief karate foolish. that is all
It takes a lot of balls to take on the Jester......
Funniest video I've seen on here in awhile
Actually the Star Wars ones name supposedly has its roots in the extended universe I’m just to lazy to re check
There's one I've heard of, but sadly have forgotten the name (because it makes it harder on you folks should you decide to include it in a Commenter Edition), in which girls fight each other. Which is not, in itself, unusual, it's just that... when you land an attack on the opponent, one of her legs flies up, and you have to take a picture under there to make the damage stick, otherwise, she'll just get her health back.

And then there's the Clay Fighter series. Yyyyyeeeeahhhh...
Bettle construction v. Is so stupid that when i saw the gameplay i died lol
Time Killers was my go-to machine back in the day. Anyone else remember video arcades before they started selling liquor?
I would play #4
I think it was Dong Dong Never Die that had a girl who fights by sending in Optimus Prime.
I uh... I... I uh.... I......
 I'm sorry the user you are looking for has crashed. we will send a crash report to central office and then reboot your human, one moment please.
I'm gonna nitpick Andy. Les Miserables does not take place in Revolutionary france but a good 40ish years after the revolution during the 1832 June Rebellion(at least, the famous barricade scene does). I only point this out because everyone insists on getting this point wrong despite the fact the musical, musical film and the book explicitly point this out.
Has there been a fighting game where the fighters are famous pieces of art? Have this image in my head where Mono Lisa is in a brawl with David while the Scream gets ready to take the winner.
Why is this the first I'm hearing about a Les Mis fighting game?
Les mis is not set in the french revolution
As I always say, the Expanded Universe from Star Wars is and always will be better than the New Canon
Nijikaku isn't official but it is a weird masterpiece of a fighting game in my opinion.
The concept for the 1st game is def out there but it looks fun af lol.
3:00 'its just a flesh wound'
Les Misérables must be read... not seen... wtf?
You read the Lord of the Rings, 
you can see it but everyone knows it's not the same as reading it
I had forgotten about the star wars one. Played it at an arcade back in the day.
I have to nominate Evil Zone on the PS1. It was a single button 3D fighter with each bout set up as a different anime episode and makes as much sense as Mike opening a stealth school.
I had Terace Kasi on the PS1 (the martial art is referenced elsewhere, I think in the film Solo). It was very hard to get your character to do as you wanted.
Those are pretty weird, but remember when warframe had a fighting game built in? The third person space ninja shooter had an unlockable traditional fighting game. Kinda expensive too.
Merely a flesh wound
Fighting Bears??? I thought I've seen it all.
Well Clayfighter comes to mind. It is for sure one of the weirder fighting games I have ever played!
British smack talk... hahahahaha
Truly human language failed to capture the nature of that game.  I'm still trying to figure it out, and I know it's not happening.
Yea, I need to play all of these...
I kinda wanna play all of them...

The hell am I saying?
I hope Tongue of the Fatman is on this list. I swear sometimes I think I dreamed that one.
I get the impression the animator for Balls admitted they weren't skilled and the technology was limited. Someone else decided they'd release the game and claim it as a ascetic.
Damn... Cho Aniki in the PSX was a sequel 😮😮😮
Damn... Cho Aniki in the PSX was a sequel 😮😮😮
I spent hours with the stars wars game... arden lyn was where it's at...
I can't remember the last time I went "what the fuck..." so many times, in such a short time period...
someone call Johntron
Someone found the scrublords playlist
You say that none of my favourite scenes in Star Wars are fist fights but I can think of a few in the prequels that would have been improved massively if Padme or Obi-Wan had taken a swing at Anakin just once. "I hate sand. It's coarse and gritty and... Ow, what was that for?"
I have never been so confused watching a clearly labeled and explained video before.
I am going to play this s*** out of dong dong never die now
Hey, I like the star wars one.
Am i the only one who thought ballz looked cool, if not creative
Solo movie made Teräs käsi canon.
Was that a j c bee 😂
Number 6 is like one of those pictures that only gets weirder as you look around it.
anyone else see the lady in the background at 0:44
Ballz came out on the 3DO too
What about M.U.G.E.N?
That Les Mis one looks pretty sweet tbh.
Nurses are supposed to heal you, not pair up to beat you six ways from Sunday.
Could somebody link me to the ballz theme song?
Can we make a list of the weirdest "japan only" releases? Surely that's a gold mine of wtf.
Weirdest??? I call that creative.
Teras Kasi was known by the imperial guards
The Jester was clearly quoting the classic Jenna Marony Song "Balls".
'Them's Fighting Herds' a fighting game that features fighters that are legally distinct from 'My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic'
I memba 🍇Time Killers
I sometimes think some people/companies make these games because it's a good way to get whatever weird shit they want in them. Though the dismemberment mechanic in the time-jumpy one is pretty cool. The construction vehicles one. . .clearly wanted to be an anime but felt it had to provide dull gameplay in between cutscenes.
#2: Cho- Aniki. 

Basically JoJo's Bizarre Adventure the fighting game.
It is but a scratch!
You forgot Toribash.
I loved Time Killers
Teras Kasi is actually now a canon Star Wars martial art; Qi'ra uses it in Solo and name drops it.
Suomi mainittu torilla tavataan
YES DONG DONG NEVER DIES!!! WHAT A CLASSIC!!
Some of these were hilarious.
I want nothing more than to play the Les Mis game so I can finally knock some GODAMN sense into Marius and maybe have Feuilly kick Bahorel’s ass
You guys ever play toribash?
First and fourth look the most interesting. I also happen to like that bizzare theme music despite never hearing it before. Reminds me of bad hype music.
Rancid willie
1:32 Loved that comment.
No "Thrill Kill"? I can't be the only one that remembers the banned PS1 game that involved a midget on stilts, a redneck cannibal and a contortionist?
The Japanese are weird man.
A relativly weird fighting game is Dive Kick. Not as weird as others on this list but still weird.
I know it wasn’t officially released but what about Thrill Kill
star wars master of teras kasi maybe still cannon or at least the martial arts style is as one of character in the hon solo moveive claims to know also in the start was sage addition book its one a martial arts style you can pick up as a feat also if go down Elite Trooper or master martial artists Prestige class it has it own talent tree
This list makes me think of the Twisted Metal style Star Wars game where you play as one of the various vehicles from the franchise. It was actually pretty fun.
"A naked girl who is also a battleship upon which three naked men are having a party". Never change japan. Never change.
how about Toribash !!!
visually, it's not the weirdest game, but gameplay-wise it's sure is!


it's basically QWOP the fighting game... put two noobs against each other, and chance are good that one of them will kill himself before anyone of them could hit each other
Teräs käsi means steel hand in finnish
I would like to bring up Akatsuki Blitzkampf which features a cast primarily made up of Nazis and a tank with a giant skull mounted to it.
Even more baffling is the fact that it is not the only fighting game to feature national socialists. There is also Nazi Fighter 2. Don´t ask me what happened to part 1.
Okay but that star wars one used lightsabers as the health bars and you can't tell me that isn't genius
Chode Necky Yoshimitsu should have made the list of worst fighting games, not wierdest
5:25 is that a JOJO REFERENCE?
I guess ClayFighter isn't weird enough, what with such dull characters as an evil snowman and a sentient piece of candy fighting in such boring locations as the seat of a giant toilet. Also the game insults you with every combo you make.
....well, ballz...
Who could forget Divekick? It’s literally a two button fighting game where one hit is a K.O. Plus you get to play as Johnny Gat.
An old PS1 game called RoboPit comes to mind.  I don't even think it had a story.  Build you own robot and fight with him to get to the top of the leader board. Once you were at the top the was it.  Not even a game over you have won the game screen.  Your robot just stayed at the top.
Where is thrill kill?
Immortal combat is one weird game.
Star Wars is partly cannon at least because the fighting style is mentioned in the Solo movie
Cho Aniki Bakuretsu Ranto-hen may have been made by humans (a debatable fact, some proof would be nice) but it was not meant to be understood by humans
Shut it...............Gramps!
Well, Castlevania Judgement is a strange one. Taking a generally single player action-platformer series and then turn it into a fighting game? Who signed off on that?
Played a few of these but they all look good
Bushido Blade 1 and 2, not as weird as these but unique nonetheless
expected thems fighting herds
Cho Aniki looks like whoever did the Monty Python illustrations made a fighting game.
Surprised you didn't bring up Bikini Karate Babes. Especially since it was on a discontinued consule you covered in a different video
What about Slap Happy Rhythm Busters, Waku Waku 7, or Tongue of the Fat Man?
I would never thought I would saw a video starting with Les Misérables, then some Japanese body building orgasm and finish with Star Wars
I'm just going to point out that Teras Kasi was not just made up for that game. It first appeared in the novel Shadow of the Empire which came out about a year and a half before the game.
Timekillers,, remember that in the arcade and being blown away seeing a fight end almost instantly as a player beheaded someone
What about Way of the Passive Fist
Praise the weirdness.
Try street chaves
What about bible fight on adult swim?
No Mugen?
Teräs Käsi was actually referenced in the Han Solo Star Wars film.  Two of the characters were proficient in it.
Interesting to note Teras Kasi got mentioned in Star Wars Solo.
Nothing is weirder to me than construction vehicle battle game.
Arm Joe looked like someone made a game from MUGEN and published it as a new game
I know most of these are weird mostly because of when they came out, but I feel like, if you look at it from a certain standpoint, ARMS is also quite weird. xD
Has any fighting game ever been made by sane people and been good? I don't think so.
There HAS to be some fighting game that includes Pepsi-Man. I'd surprised if there wasn't.
2:35 florida man
I love fighting games!

Read more
Playing any one of those games would've made me kill myself..
My favourite part of Teräs Käsi was (and still is) hearing the announcer introduce Hoar. Apparently I have the sense of humour of a 12-year-old.
Iron & Blood: Warriors of Ravenloft for the PS1 was equal parts terrible controls, lazy animation and the answer to all the people who didn’t ask for Dungeons & Dragons to be a beat em up.
You should see my family reunions! Actually, you really shouldn't... seriously.
speaking of things made of balls: look up "losharik"
How about Fighting is Magic? The weird about that game wasn't the fact that there were ponies that preached friendship fighting each other. But the fact that it became so liked that it appeared at EVO 2013.
It was such a good game, but it became so known that Hasbro send a "Cease and Desist" so it was never finished.
The creator of Ballz must have really liked Vectorman and was like "Wouldnt it be awesome if this was a fighting game"
Masters of Teras Kasi was a HUGE part of my childhood.
Honestly kind of want to see  some of these redone now.
I remember Time Killers. Often the AI would stun me, and then somehow cut off both my limbs and the head in one solid move. I never figured out how that worked.
Mario is just Ryu...
Well it seems we all leaned a valuable lessons here 'Andy can't handle balls' & Victor Hugo has a loyal fighting game fan club.
I really want to play arm joe now
Andy, go listen to Dutch Mantel talk about wrestling bears.
I guess Andy's not a fan of Han/Leia then?
you should check out clay fighters, mtvs celebrity death match, bikini karate babes,  photo dojo ,shaq fu, spitting images ,brutal: paws of fury and darksiders both I really liked weird but not weird.
No mention of battle presidents? I mean c'mon, a fighting tournament involving presidents and candidates. what more can you want?
I would recommend Bible Fight.
What about Clay fighter for the super Nintendo clay monsters from Tim Burton's nightmares killing each other brutally
Teras Kasi was actually referenced in the Solo movie, so this game may really be cannon.
time slaughter guys
How can you talk about Time Killers and not even mention the sequel, Bloodstorm, that let you cut off arms and legs? It was actually possible to win with no limbs remaining, so like if the Black Knight had actually triumphed.
I was expecting to see Dive Kick on this list. It's basically footsies where you can only get hit once, and your only two moves are dive and kick. Despite the premise, it's really fun acrually.
Time killers on weed sound lit af
Kinda surprised Dive Kick wasn't on this list
So one star wars masters is amazing I played it so much as a kid. Two it is no longer cannon as it takes pace after the original 3 films which was all retconned :(.
How was that gods fighting game not on here
I feel like I'm in the weird part of youtube again, but I'm not...I'm confused.
I saw the title and thought to myself, "If they don't mention armjoe then honestly they've missed a trick." Nice one making it first. Do we forget that one of the fighters is the ridiculously OP incarnation of Justice Itself, Judgement?... Think he was in the sequel direct-to-video film played by Crussel Rowe maybe
I'm gonna go with guilty gear it's a great game and all but most if not all the characters are just downright strange.A blind man whose shadow is alive and fights for him and teenage boy whose bed is used as a weapon and he's literally asleep while he fights a doctor with a giant scalpel with a bag over his face and a assassin who fights with a pool cue and billiard balls.A very wacky cast .
This selection is great. I've seen some before - I recall the old Super Best Friends enjoying Dong Dong Never Die in one of their videos - but I'm so glad you made me aware of that Les Miserables fighting game now (^-^). Definitely wanna see more entries in this 'Weirdest Fighting Games' series. 

Weirdest fighting game I've ever seen might have to be  by.... I can't remember their name, but they CHANGED their name to FK Digital and went on to make  which is super badass so their earlier, goofier, SD doujin fighter also plays really well. It just has complete ripoffs of a good number of gaming and anime mascots thanks to the cosplay loophole (it's not x character, it's an original character  as them!). Either that or Arc System Works' bizarre little  title(s) for the (3)DS eshop, which were like really, really cheap and dumb  (that's being generous; let's say  clones with absolutely no depth but chibi versions of some  characters whaling on each other.
I would love to be in room where people come up with this stuff!
Fucked up thing is I recognize a couple of these from tbfp
There was something very special about Time Killers that I loved as a kid: just the right hit could decapitate your opponent, winning the fight in a single blow. That would have made any Mortal Kombat game a lot more interesting.
Clay Fighters. It was super weird and I was surprisingly addicted to it when i was a kid.
The Star Wars fighting game, played it sooo many years ago. Store that was selling it had a playable version inside. I literally beat the game completely with Han Solo. Pick him..... shoot everyone with your Blaster.
So, Time Killers is Eternal Champions, but more cartoony.
I actually really loved Masters of Teras Kasi, haha... it was probably objectively bad but I had a blast with it when I was young.
No BioFreaks on here? Come on!
Dive Kick deserves to be on this list.
Clay fighters, should really have a place in this list, is the only game where a snowman can beat a kangaroo un a one on one fight
Well, the story behind that Star Wars game makes more sense than any of the crap from the new disney movies.  So yeah, let's keep it cannon. =)
Where is the poll asking us how many of these games have we played?






Because my answer would be none. Along with everyone else.
I saw some Bible Fighting game online at some point. It was pretty... unique.
The characters you could pick were Jesus (who threw his thorny crown and dropped fish and bread on you) Eve (who was naked and had her snake curled around her) Jonah (had an anchor tattoo and could call an animal stampede) Moses (he can make frogs rain on you) the Virgin Mary (who fought while carrying baby Jesus, which is paradoxical in Jesus vs Mary fights) and Satan (strangely enough, the most straightforward character).

And the final boss was God, who takes a page out of Shang Tsung's book as he would randomly transform into other characters during the fight.
DONG DONG NEVER DIEEEEEEEE.
Fun fact: Solo made Teras kasi Canon.
Battling construction vehicles are kinda weird, I guess... but still more logical than "pro wrestling meets Twisted Metal" nightmare that was WWE Crush Hour.
And here I am thinking this list was created for the sole purpose of featuring Bikini Karate Babes somewhere.  Still not even slightly dissapointed.
Dude I remember time killers. Actually beat the game with rancid once. It was one of the funnest things I ever did in the arcade. Had a massive crowd around me while I finally beat Death too.
What about that YouTubers fighting game???
the title of the game with the beating bear , please ?
Amazed that 'Rival Schools: United by Fate' didn't make the cut. So weird that friends refused to attempt 2 player on account of headaches, incomprehension and general dumbfoundness.
where’s Shaqfu for the snes
Space Karate men bruise on the inside so as not to look weak by having physical injuries and all that weak person nonsense.
Lol all I'm going to say
I didn't come into this video expecting to see Luke Skywalker whack Han Solo with his lightsaber, but here we are.
Pretty sure I owned Ballz at one point...
Masters of Teras Kasi still had a better plot than any of the recent Soy Wars movies.
Dong Dong never dies seems great
All about Ballz...
In all honesty, I feel like a space elevator would have such rigorous safety requirements that fighting, even the kind in a fighting game, is probably not too big a deal.
Jurassic Park fighting game
I hope one day someone talented will made an OXVenture Arena fighting game. I would love to use Merilwen Meat Grinder on someone :D
lmao
I can't believe they didn't mention Teras Kasi had a character named Hoar
there's a weird fitghting game on Steam, where characters fight in undies ^^
Oh no Andy, youre gunna make all the turbo virgins angry by saying teras kasi was made up for the game

Rip
Teräs käsi means Steel hand
Teras Kasi, as far as I know, is an anti-force martial art in which Darth Maul was trained if I'm not mistaken...
Divekick!
Is Mugen not weird enough for this list, really??
Dong Dong Never Die is one of the most unbalanced games I've seen.




Yet it's beautiful
Shut it... Gramps
You forgot that Japanese fighting game in which you can only defeat your opponent by taking panty shots of them
That is just a rip off of Art of fighting King's super. His horse power were OVER 9000! What will the press say if Cho Aniki came to the west?
I'm a little surprised Sierra's Cyber Gladiators isn't on this list.
No Primal Rage?
Fight of gods lets you play as god from old greek and roman mythology. I don't remember too well but i don't think jesus was a greek god....
Three words: Them's Fightin' Herds. Presenting you a sheep commandeering dogs to fight a unicorn with a possessed Demon Book.
Bloody roar is my favorite fighting game of all time
Gundam versus comes to mind. ahem Double bladed laser scythe, just as a random weapon example
As someone who read “The Brick,” Hugo goes into great detail about the unfair judicial system of France, the battle of Waterloo, the history of a Parisian convent, a defense of the argot of Parisian criminals, the history of the Parisian sewers, and the fate of the remaining thernardiers (who became slave traders in the US) after the June rebellion, to mention a few of his “tangents.”

It’s honestly surprising that there’s an actual story inside Hugo’s essay about 19th cen French society lol
I'm sad that rumble roses didn't make the list
Nobody is going to talk about God Hand?
What about Fighters Megamix?   Where you fight as a Palm Tree, an inflatable bear, children with giant heads and a NASCAR car? :D
Primal rage & bio freaks were both weird and amazing parts of my childhood.
6:38 the worst? or the best!
Street Chaves, Google it.
No Clay Fighters?
No Rival Schools?
I remember Time Killers being somewhat popular in the arcades when it came out...
Arcana Heart is a bit out there.
There’s also a game where you play famous god to fight some other famous gods. Like Jesus vs Zeus or Muhammad vs Buddha God and so on
Teräs Käsi = Steel Hand. I'm so glad this is the first time I've heard of this game 😂
Toribash.
Divekick for Xbox One should be on here!
Uhhhhhmmmm aCtUALLy...Teras Kasi the game may not be canon but the martial arts itself is still canon as both Dryden Vos and Q’ira from Solo: A Star Wars Story are practitioners.
A couple of these I played like Time Killers while others I haven't played since they were internet or mod based apparently. Was kind of funny to see what obscure titles were picked. A bummer obscure ones I played like Revengers of Vengeance, the Capcom dinosaur themed fighting game, Star Gladiator, Mondo's Fight Palace just to name some weren't listed.
4:10 I finally know where that bit in the fighterpedia intro comes from. 
FINALLY!!
Let's not forget that the developers behind Time Killers later went on to make Street Fighter: The Movie for the arcade
star wars was nice
Where's Waku Waku 7?!
Check out Twin Goddesses
Game designers: No one will take this game seriously; this is only for fun.
Game players: Oh my god, is this for real?
Oh man did I play the hell out of Time Killers in the Arcade back in the day!
Tears Käsi is not a weird fighter, it’s just a bad game. Bikini Karate Babes is weirder.
Teras Kasi is canon again, thanks to solo.
Arm Joe looks weird but fun!
You missed strip fighter for pc engine. A sf look alike in wich after you defeat your oponent you got a picture of thr women (first with underwear and then naked i believe?)
How about Eternal Fighter Zero? A bunch of girls from basically nonviolent visual novels/anime fighting. At least Les Mis had actual fights in the source material.
Check out Kombate Mexicano X. You can play as the Chupacabras and other colorful characters. xD
Damn I was gunna make a game named balls but I guess that name is taken >,>
I've been looking for time killer for years, didnt remember the name, all I remembered  was dismemberment  aspect and the black cyborg guy, they had it at the laundromat here back in the days
Fighter Maker series for playstation and windows not spinoffs based on the tech because they allowed you to create what you want including animations it could get real weird
When Yoda is fighting Demon's in the death star
I played the star wars game on a demo disc from pizza hut. Clearly had their stuff together back then. Until I got pizza sauce on the game
BVC battle construction vehicles should be renamed Bob the Builder can we smash it
I'm not sure that it counts, but what about Stooge Fighter 3, the Three Stooges game inside of Space Quest 6?  I think I played it more than the actual game
I can't remember the name but there was this fighting game on the SNES thay i played as a kid all i remember is it was this cartoony almost claymation style animation and there was an evil snow man
Maybe total war soon? Plz
Space Quest III: The Pirates of Pestulon... mech battle that was about as exciting as watching snails race. It was more fun to try to stomp on the Two Guys from Andromeda (the creators of the game series as cameos running around in the arena).
Why are most of these awsome?
Honestly missed a chance on the balls game. Could have said ball-ucks (bollucks)
I've never finished a video and been more confused than when I started.
Another weird one, Tongue of the Fatman... you won't be disappointed.
Here I was, living what I would consider a decent life and then you go and remind me of the spectical that was Time Killers. Now my nights will be forever haunted by that horrible game. Thanks Andy.
"Teräs käsi" means "Iron Fist/Hand" when translated from Finland.
Super mario using akumas move set
Skullgirls perhaps?
«Deadliest Warrior». Andy referenced it, yet it was not shown. That game is heaps good, though battles lasted only for like 7 seconds on average
how do you find this stuff?
That tractor versus bulldozer game looks interesting, And by interesting i mean dantes lowest circle of hell.
There was a fighting game released on Steam that has since been censored, called Fight of Gods. Let's just say it allows you to have Buddha and Jesus throw down.
My favorite weird fighting games are: The Power Stone Collection for PSP/Vita. An enhanced port of the two Power Stone games for arcades and the Dreamcast, you fight in a 3D stage with one power stone in your inventory each, there are things to shove/throw/jump off of and items to use to knock power stones out of your opponent and one that spawns randomly. 
Get all three and you enter a super mode that runs down with time/damage/attacks launched, with a two huge draining super moves, one usually for up close, and one at range. The opponent has to try to dodge, use good timing to throw stuff at the transformed character, or risk it by getting up close for a grab attack. 
The characters are all national stereotypes ala Street Fighter, and in Power Stone 1 the stages are all around the world in each character's home. There's a samurai, ninja, pirate, Native American shaman, the works. 
In Power Stone 2, besides new characters, (a cowboy, a Grench jerk chef, Pinocchio, a prim and proper noblewoman with a split personality, under the influence of which she ran away to the game setting, the item shop girl) the game is set around a castle floating in the sky, and the random spawn power stone(s if you change the setting for more than one) is hidden in a chest/breakable container, so the game has you actually fighting more instead of a mad scramble for the stones. Also, the stages are more mobile, with traps, stages falling apart so you have an Indiana Jones boulder chase segment (where you can still fight), to run away and climb up a tower away from a fire, etc. It's pretty nuts.
Also you earn coins after fights and find them in the stages by breaking stuff, and you can buy/fuse items and weapons in the shop to make available to spawn during fights.
Slap Happy Rhythm Busters
No primal rage?
Oh my god I sort of vaguely remember that Star Wars one! I thought it was just something I'd misremembered from my childhood, like I'd confused it with another game or just made it up.
You forgot to mention Clayfighter (a weird claymation fighting game featuring a bizarre roster of characters such as a scarecrow, a clown, a snowman, and a Rambo Easter bunny) and Fighters Mega Mix (the only game that features a nascar vs a Mexican Lima bean. No really!).
First off, time killers was a good ass game in the arcades. .  That was the only game that you can cut someone head off and they would pick it back up to fight again. Awesome!
Dive Kick?
Construction Site heavy machinery fighting game? Construction Site FMV game where a child murders the coworkers? I'm seeing a trend here, I think we underestimated how exciting construction sites are.
I'm just waiting for the Oxventure Fighters game to be made, with the final boss being M.Chanail
The dong dong...will never die...
What about the robot cartoon network fighting game? Total Knockout I think it was called? That was a great fever dream
So I started mkx about a month ago. And I realize that fighting games are super weird

Are they even based off of skill? 

I beat a lot of ppl with Liu Kang but most people beat my ass with spammers
boom bots
DONG DONG NEVER DIE! =D
They didn't just put Mario in Dong Dong Never Die; they put him in, basically made him a Shoto character, and gave him a Raging Demon. Just flat-out Akuma Mario.
Teras Kasi is an actual thing in the star wars comics, it just never really made it out of the comics. The actual fighting game was a hell of a lot of fun though, I remember playing it ages ago with my brothers.
Where do find these bizarre games?
Teras Kasi is mentioned and used by Qi'ra in Solo, so yeah, I'd say the game, in its entirety, is canon.
am i the only one who was temporarily confused when in time fighters something realistic happens. Must be mortal kombats fault but when that blade connected with her neck i kinda expected her to live and walk it off lol
8:55 Teras Käsi the martial arts was made Canon with the Solo Movie. It was mentioned by Qi'ra that she was "trained in it".
Ballz theme song=porn sounds
6:51 - Noooooooooo, there was even a fighting game made after this franchise?!
Ok that second to last one made me go like wtf is this and then I see rip off Laura Croft @8:38 sheesh
Bear +fish = cool
Teräs Käsi is most definitely canon again as of Solo. The character Qi'ra makes an offhand comment about being taught it after taking down some slave merchant.
Cho Aniki has a shoot 'em up. I recall Jontron talking about this and Pewdiepie playing it
This construction vehicle battle gamesounds absolutely riveting.
DUDE!  Time Killers was my jam back in the day but I had totally forgotten!  It was one of the few arcade games I sank enough of my parents' money into to learn some shit and had a blast cutting people up.
Awesome video! Loved the end!!
I remember playing Time Killers in arcades, it was fairly popular because of the dismemberment mechanics. I recall having a lot of fun playing it.
What about dive kick?!... One shot kills and only moves are jumping and kicking
Here's a weird one I played Girl Fight the name should be self-explanatory. Though it tries to have a serious plotline the anime graphics, the designs of the of the entire female roster, and the fan-servicey reward after completing the story pretty much makes seeing it as a serious fighting game pretty much 100% impossible.
They didn't eveen mention one hit kill fighter game "Divekick"" and you typical anime fight mixed with baseball batting "Lethal League".
Teräs käsi is Finnish for steel hand, but of course it supposed to be similar to iron fist.

Suomi mainittu torilla tavataan
There's a sidescrolling shooter for the PSone named Cho Aniki and it is the weirdest video game I have ever seen in my life and I love it.
After reading the title of the video, I kind of expected to see "Coffence" and "Oh... Sir!" (which is kinda fighting?), but you've seriously outweirded anything I could've thought of.
i actually still have the last game. I was around 4 or so and I  never knew what it was about and didn't likeit. even as a little kid I understood that the game was trash.
Who remembers a fighting game... Where theres. Afemale cop on roller blades... Some kid with a skate board... And if u hit em right u can get ur opponent stuck on the top part of the ring ur fighting in?
The bummer is that, while I had fun with the star wars one.. [I was a child fan boy] teras kasai was the only game were Mara Jade [Lukes Wife in the later novels] was playable. [[Far as I know atleast]]
This was pretty funny, but they still missed a few. Clay Fighters is cool but it's still a really weird fighting game. These others are also good, but still strange... War Gods, Bible Fight, and Duel Heroes.
One word: Biofreaks.
You do know Les Miserables is a book before even being a musical, right?
I think the weirdest part about Masters of Teräs Käsi is that someone presumably played Tekken then put 鉄拳 (aka Tekken aka Iron Fist) through a translator a bunch of times until they ended up in Finnish.
Number three made my British self grin like a madwoman.
These games sound so plausible, but ridiculous at the same time, that you have to double check to make sure their real.
How come Spongebob: Battle for Bikini Bottom isn’t on this list?!?
Ready 2 rumble round 2. You know you are in for weirdness when Shaquille o'Neal, Michael Jackson and Bill Clinton aren't the weirdest picks in a boxing game (looking at you rumbleman)
No mention of Tobal 2? Really?
I would recommend The Black Heart for this category, but then I remembered that game is actually less weird and more rad and goth. How many other fighting games let you play as a Ring-style Japanese grudge ghost?
Well thanks, now I'll never be able to sleep again after seeing that train with the human face and arms (I will also never be able to look at Thomas the Tank Engine in the same way again)
I nominate the games pretty fighter and sailor moon s for this list. Pretty fighter is a game where characters eat bananas mid match to recover health and launch shoes at one another by repeatedly spamming the kick button. Sailor Moon type S is a game where every character is in some way or another incredibly broken. And oh yeah, it's based on sailor moon and it has an incredibly hard core, active tournament scene despite the fact it's over 23 years old.
How about Data East's Death Brade aka Mutant Fighter in which Hercules battles a Minotaur, or an Amazon beats up a Werewolf. It's like Darkstalkers, if Darkstalkers was terrible.
I... the Japan only bonkers one which words fail to describe... what in the name of Andraste's knickers was the pitch meeting for that even like?
I expected Bikini Karate Babes
Shaq Fu?
Solo a Star wars tale has Teras Kasi
Them's Fightin Herds. Where else are you going to see a unicorn with a demon possessed book fight a lasso wielding cow, or a lamb with a pack of sheep dogs fighting the most adorable cartoon alpaca I've ever seen?
Godhand?
The only weird fighting game I ever played was Battle Raper
Mugen?
I saw the anime version of Les miserables ,it was pretty good actually
Also That guy that adopted Cosette is best dad
Pretty sure Rancid is a shout out to the good ole 20th century. Thinking 1960s -1970s Punk scene.
Holy crap, I remember playing ballz as a kid, but it became a fever dream I hoped to forget about. wow.... I really thought it was a figment of my imagination...
The Star Wars subtitle one translates from finnish to english Masters of Steel Hand.
Dive Kick
Les Miserables take place something like 16 years after the French Revolution.
Believe it or not, Dong Dong Never Die's plot is just Terminator 2. No, really, it starts with Sarah Connor narrating the events of Terminator 2, but with Dong Dong replacing John Connor, and the guy with the gas mask replacing T-1000. And one of the characters is literally Chinese T-800, complete with naked teleportation intro and everything. And he sacrifices himself to defeat the gas mask terminator. Oh, and if you manage to get the secret ending, you get a teaser for a Streets of Rage 4 game on a PS Vita.
No mention of Fight of Gods? Where the game literally puts deities from different religion against each other in a 1 on 1 fist fight. Jesus vs budhha? Our battle will be legendary.
5th
Tongue of the Fatman.
Skull girls has all women characters and had zone a cartoon pornography animator on thier animation team....
Skullgirls. One of the girls has a hair parasite that fights for her. Another character has a beret that turns into muscled arms to fight. Another is apparently half tuba?
Great Video x
I’m only like an hour late and smash bros is REAL WEIRD if you think about it
Wasn't there a fighting game where the playable characters were just Gods from different religions around the world?  I remember there was a big hoopla about Jesus being added to the game because his trailer had the tagline of "Our Lord and Savior has returned...and he's pretty cross!"  Pretty sure that led to the game being pulled from wherever it was sold.
Anyone else remember that video in a Asian country of 2 back hoes fighting each other on the street :D
Them fighting herds. A pony fighting game. Sadly they don't have bambi.
No offhand mention of Seifuku Densetsu Pretty Fighter?
I can think of a couple of games that were weird fighting games one was a DnD based fighting game can't remember it's name (weird yet fun, but think I eventually got bored of it) and another fighting game it was street fighter like for the super Nintendo I think but each char had a piece of gear that if you hit it enough it falls off and they become weakened.
No love for Wu-Tang: Shaolin Style, the official PS1 fighting game of the Wu-Tang Clan? The Clan fight through a literal 36 Chambers to rescue their master who was kidnapped from Staten Island by a vengeful Shaolin monk desperate to steal the secrets of the Wu-Tang.
Kinda expected toribash. If you've never heard of this imagine manual Samuel expect of having to blink or breath you have complete control of a man made of stick and balls muscles. And you take like 20-30 seconds to decide what's going to move how. With lose conditions ranging from who falls over first to if you can knock a limb off your opponents
Does Them’s Fightin’ Herds count as weird? It was originally a My Little Pony fan game, that had to be remade because of copyright issues, but now you can play as a llama!
I would actually play some of these games
That PlayStation brawlers game should definitely be on the list. It felt like Smash Bros fanfic turned into a game where Sly Cooper could fight Cole McGrath, Kratos the God of War, and Sackboy all at once.
Balls but no vectorman jokes....shame on you all
I was holding my breath hoping Time Slaughter would make the cut haha, if it was ever going to make it on a list it would be this one
How about Them's Fighting Herds? Its basically My Little Pony Friendship is Magic, but instead of learning about the importance of sharing, the ponies decided to practice the magic of bare knuckle boxing.
The lack of actual research into the Star Wars EU when talking about Teras Kasi is astounding.
I blew so much money on Time Killers. Worse part was loosing to kid half your age using just the head cuz you cut off both his arms.
Toribash has got to be one of the strangest fighting games. You have to input each of the fighters movements manually, and the grabbing system is ridiculous. Also of note would be Dive Kick, the two button fighting game. The characters were pretty nutty, including a man whose head got bigger everytime you won a round.
5:23 is that a jojo reference?
Hi
Gang Beasts!!! That game is WEIRD!
im suprised skullgirls didn't make this list
Primal Rage was a pretty odd fighting game. Like an old Kaiju movie where giant monsters smash each other to bits
Warning, a lot of flashing lights between 1:09 and 1:51. If anyone reading this comment has photosensitive epilepsy, you may want to skip to the latter timestamp.
Hang on, you mean there are two fighting games from the early 90s where you play as dead people from throughout history trying to win a tournament to gain immortality/be resurrected? Because the one I played with that premise was Eternal Champions, not Time Killers.
BALLZ.








BWAAAHAHAHAHA!😂🤣
The weirdest fighting game, I can't remember the name, was a japanese exclusive where, even if you get their hp down to zero, the opponent is always regaining hp. The only way to get that knockout/keep the enemy from regening health, is that you have to take pictures of their panties
What the actual... the second last one was too weird. No, I'm not gonna try to write that name here
You joke about #7 being part of the Disney Star Wars cannon, but in the Solo movie the female lead Qi'ra claims to know Teras Kasi.
I am so glad you mentioned Ballz!  I was going to come here and rant in the comments if you hadn't.  I used to love playing that game.  Always played as the thing that I think is some kind of vampire.  I'm fairly sure she was supposed to be biting her opponents as one of the attacks, anyway.  Could have been something far more inappropriate. XD  As an adult watching videos of gameplay from that game, I now realize just how incredibly inappropriate some of the sound effects are.
I actually have Star Wars: Masters of Teras Kasi for the original PlayStation which I could play right now on my still functional PlayStation 2. But I won't because I'm currently writing this comment. Still it looks as fun as I remember and Han and Leia beating the crap out of each other in a no holds barred fight to the death "definitely" happened.
What about the one with all the Jackie Chans, or MUGEN and all the weird characters made for that game and the SaltyBet community that formed around it?
Be real; is it way more fun going back and recording all these shit games, or pretending to like modern garbage like anthem or borderlands for a paycheck?
Andy... I can't stop red dead redemptioning. It's gonna kill me.  I haven't left the house in months.  I'm more Arthur than Willy these days. I can't even remember who I was before I started this game.  I'm not kidding.  How do I stop? I'm gonna kill myself of loneliness. I haven't bothered with people in as long as I can remember,  and now it's gonna kill me. Is there a way to go from cowboy life back to real life or did I break my brain?
This list needed "tongue of the fatman"  A character made of just squares, check. A character with no legs, check. A character that stomach has its own mouth, check.
What about the Touhou Fighting Games, like I mean recently we have had Antinomy of Common Flowers which involved a mechanic where your partner replaces your dreamworld self allowing you to switch with them and the main villain's plan was basically mass pickpocketing.
Pretty sure there's a fighting game starring various gods... Jesus is there, and he fights with pieces of the cross still attached to his hands...
I put more money than I care to admit into Time Killers.  My problem is that I am a button masher so I was not particularly good at it, but who cares, it was fun!
I actually owned 2 of these at various points in my life. First Ballz, then star wars.
they've mention that martial art in that lame Star Wars movie; solo. Some people think they are going to make a movie about it.
So weird
Please do a 7 or 10 90's arcade games that you might have played and liked, but cannot find anymore. Because they were weird.
wait, these are the weirdest? Some of these are not as weird as you would think. Your not going to count Terrordrome, the fighting based on actual licensed horror movie icons like Jason Voorhees, Tallman or Ash from Evil Dead; Fight of Gods, which has fighters based on religious figures (it has Jesus Christ as a character for Christ's sake!); something more mainstream like Clayfighters that feature characters that have claymation-like movement and qualities; or hell, even Them's Fighting Herds, a fighting game made by bronies with characters that are four legged ungulates (that are not ponies since Hasbro C&D'd them)
Could somebody link me to the ballz theme song?
I'm sorry, but where the hell is Fight of Gods? Seriously, Santa vs Jesus is one of the LESS weird matchups that game allows.
Ball ball ball, footy footy footy, ball ball ball, football!
Wait, teräs käsi? So literally "steel arm" in Finnish? Weird, perkele
Wait, Cho Aniki was a fighting game? I thought it was a shmup.
I knew BALLZ 3D would be on this list. That game was SOOOOOO BAD! The ballerina had something of a finishing move where she would lift her opponent up above her head by their GROIN and let them drop to the floor.
Teras Kasi was mentioned, by name, in the Solo movie.
The baby fighting game
No “Thems Fightin’ Herds”

I guess “barnyard animals fighting with magic” is a pretty common trope these days
I came here just to see jump kick and now I'm disappointed. You may as well start calling yourself Inside Xbox.
I guess the JoJo's bizarre adventure fighting games are to obvious for this list
What about Tattoo Assassins, the Mortal Kombat clone where one of the fatalities was a guy farting a bunch of turkeys at his opponent?
Fun Fact! Teräs käsi means steel hand in finnish.
Oddest thing about the first one is calling it 'arm Joe'. Les Fistrebles would be the obvious option.
Snk heroines has a bunch of women snk characters as fighters. Apparently grizzled war veteran and complete killer marco grossi from the netal slug series was a woman all along.
There should be more overlap between theatre nerdery and video games. I guess there’s not enough of a market because we’re always at rehearsal so we don’t have time to play? 😝
Wait.. that one game where dinosaurs fought didn't make to the list? Nor did the one where gods fight?
Correction Les Misérables is post-revolution. It covers Restoration France and some of the Orleanist period.
What!?  I sniggered at "bonk a bulldozer",  I held it together for "made of giant balls", but I lost it at "dong dong".    Asian games are confusing.  Funny,  but confusing.
No "Salty Bet"? Or maybe that doesn't count. Or maybe it's just to weird for you...
How does Andy find these games?
There was this one game... I forgot the title. It included important religious figures from different, well, religions, resulting in Jesus beating up Moses with his cross and Buddha not being as enlightened and peaceful a person most people think he was. Weird af...
Woolie was right, the bottom of the barrel is neverending... God help us all.
What about that Jurassic park fighting game where you fight Dinos against eachother
ROBO PIT on the ps1 is possibly the weirdest fighting game iv ever played. You build your own robot and fight in a 3d stage, dosent sound too bad but just look at it...i mean the best weapon you can unlock is a pair of lips...on a robot?! Seriously look it up
Teräs Käsi is now cannon as it is used by name dropped by Qi'ra in Solo: A Star Wars Story. The game however was mediocre at best and blasphemy at worst. No one beats Boba Fett on purpose.
Wasn't there a fighting game where one of the playable characters was a female Velociraptor?
Interestingly, Teras Kasi has actually worked it’s way into official Star Wars canon. It comes up in the Han Solo movie.
Time Killers is just the prequel to Fate/Tiger Colosseum
You forgot "Evil Zone", a game wherein a Power Ranger, a Boy Wizard, a Jubbly-enhanced Future Armored Fighter Lady, A fancy-suited occultist and self-help guru, a self-harming punk with a magic sword he stole from an antique shop that contains the soul of Satan, a gentle giant with a really big sword, a lady who loves punching things, a schoolgirl with the spirit of her dead friend trapped in her head, a 12 year old girl who swears she's actually 20,000 years old(said every loli artist ever), and a slinky sexy lady with floating shoulderpads and even Bigger bonhonkabaloos all try to kick each others' asses for... some reason. I'm gonna be honest, I've entirely forgotten the plot at this point, because there's a completely separate but connected plot for every single character in the game. In fact, almost everyone is connected in some way, which drives right off the cliff of "Interesting character design" and into the pit of "Convoluted mess" real quick. 

When you throw in multiple dimensions(Which helps to explain the fireball-throwing wizard fighting with the lightsaber-wielding power ranger, yes, that's a thing), things just start to get even more complicated, which is weird, because the game consistently says everything is happening on one world. Everyone's somehow drawn to trying to fight this one badass babe who can only become more powerful by taking the fragments of her soul(or whatever) from the very people she's trying to fight. Which is to say, she's basically served the instruments of her empowerment by every idiot who comes to her, for the most part.

What makes the game weird isn't the story, although that's definitely up there. It's the controls. There's only one attack button, one defense button, and jumping is a combo. Up and Down are used to sidestep, and there's a specific mechanic built into the game for catching people in sidesteps, which, if you use it when they Don't sidestep, is harmless and misses.
HOLY MOTHER OF ALL THE CRAPS!!!!!!!! I SWEAR ON ALL THINGS HOLY!!!!!! MY FAVORITE FIGHTING GAME OF ALL TIMES!!!! BECAUSE OF SO MUCH MEMORIES AND SO MUCH FUN I HAD WITH THAT DAMN THING!!!! MY FAVORITE FIGHTING GAME OF ALL TIME IS EASILY STAR WARS: MASTERS OF TÉRÄS KÄSI!!!!!!!!!!! I AM NOT SAYING THIS WITH ANY FORM OF SARCASM OR ANNIE TYPE OF IRONY!!!! I AM SO DAMN GLAD SOMEONE MENTIONED THIS GAME IN 2019!!!!!!!! I THOUGHT I WAS HALLUCINATING OR MAYBE REMEMBERING A GAME WRONG OR SOMETHING!!!!!!!!THANK YOU OUTSIDE XBOX FOR GIVING ME PROOF THAT I'M NOT INSANE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Revolutionary France?


ummm... no. The 'French Revolution' which is the period most commonly described as 'Revolutionary France' lead to the removal of King Louis XVI, the Reign of Terror and the founding of the First Republic.


Les Mis revolves around Insurrection républicaine à Paris en juin 1832.  It lasted two days against King Louis-Philippe. Louis-Philippe remained king for another 16 years, so you might say that if you could actually hear the people singing, it was 'Vive Le Roi'.


The insurrection is only known anyone who is not a history geek because of Victor Hugo who claims to have witnessed the fighting first hand. Hugo however was an open republican and may have changed a few historical details to suit his personal political beliefs as well as leaving out all the one on one fighting. Missed a trick there, Hugo.
Sad thing is, that bit at the end where Han Solo falls of the edge to his death is almost canon. Perhaps the developers were on to something.
As Teräs Käsi is Finnish (just means iron hand), as a Finn it was utterly painful to have the pair of words repeated so many times at the end of the video.
Why does it feel like Andy always manages to dig up the weirdest video-games ?
I already knew Ballz because Caddicarus made a video about it, but the other ones are just the weirdest shit. Good job digging that up, I will now have nightmares about them!
I played time killers loads at a haven holiday camp in Scarborough when I was 10 year old... God I'm old
First
That construction fighter would've been so much better if they turned into Power Rangers-style mechs to fight.


Probably still better than that recent Power Rangers fighter tie-in for Shattered Grid though.
What about Shaq Fu? Shaq is exploring in Chinatown before a charity game and is transported to another dimension to fight to rescue a boy from a mummy.
No mention of Evil Zone (PS1) or Waku-Waku 7 (Neo Geo)?

The first is a spoof of anime archetypes with only one button for attack and one for block, where characters advertise episodes of their own (made up) TV shows between fights that rarely have anything to do with the fights themselves.  (One answers letters asking for advice from the fighters he's about to face.)  Where 90% of the budget went into hiring voice actors and negative 43% went into hiring script writers, so you get Colonel Campbell complaining that his wife won't let him drink.

The second is a collection of strange characters hunting for the seven Totally Not Dragon Balls that will grant a wish when all are collected, including a monster hunter from another universe, a giant bear/cat/thing that looks like a purple Cait Sith with a toddler on its shoulders instead of a cat, a police tank piloted by a chibi policeman and dog team, and a sentient punching bag trying to cosplay as Ryu.
>weird fighting games
>No mention of clay fighter
...
20 liker
Weird fighting games don’t exist Andy! Stop making stuff up, I don’t believe you 😉
Teras Kasi was actually name checked in Solo:  A Star Wars Story, so I guess it is cannon?
Teräs käsi is Finnish and translates to "steel hand". And I am completely baffled by its existence. I remember hearing about the game when it was released and even after all these years, I still don't understand.
I thought  eight marbles would be on here
5:25 Dong Dong Never Die has stolen the music for MGS 2 as well... What other bits of music did they, er, "appropriate"?
If you want to make another video of this really just go to Super Best Friends Play and watch their “Saturday Morning Scrublords” videos. It’s full of bad and weird fighting games. I miss them.
Time Killers is not the only game that featured dismemberment. There was another PS1 game, Bushido Blade, that had similar mechanics. That game didn't feature a health bar, though. And unlike in Time Killers, your lost limbs weren't restored each round.
Fighting Fury for PS2 has to be the worst fighting game ever
Powerstone was quite weird.
Does Silent Bomber count? Sure, it's an action game for the playstation in which you run around a spaceship throwing bombs at enemies and then exploding them until they're dead but it has a 2-player mode which is a one-on-one fighter featuring the protagonist, some of the support cast and many enemies and bosses. And everybody gets a rechargeable shield and it's horribly unbalanced because some of them are humans, some are tanks and the final unlockable fighter is a Neko Tank for some reason!
How very...French.
Evil Zone.  Seriously do yourself a favor and go look that game up.  It’s hilarious and kinda fun, if terrible.
Oh come on, no Terrordrome? It's an Indie F2P game in which horror movie icons including Michael Myers, Jason, Chucky and Ash from Evil Dead fight each other in stages inspired by their movies and whatnot. Sure, it breaks just about every copyright law in the book, but it's quite fun! Oh, and the martial art Teras Kassi was mentioned in Solo, so I guess you guys saying the game is canon, could actually NOT be a joke!
It was put back into the new Star Wars Canon first mentioned in a 2015 mobile game oddly enough. But to me Tera Kasi wasn't officially made canon again until Solo. Where Darth Maul was a practitioner of it. Who in turned Dryden Vos who then taught it to Qi'ra. The first movie though it was supposed to appear in was Rogue One where Saw Gerrera taught it to Jyn Erso but it was caught from the film. Funny how such a shit form of combat at least in how the video game makes it out to be seeing how bad the combat is in that game. Is no a widely taught form of fighting that even someone as powerful as Darth Maul decided to learn.
You haven't seen weird (or bad/broken) until you've played "Catfight". Digitized Actresses + Microsoft Word art/Microsoft paint + Katalin Zamiar (AKA Kitana/Mileena/Jade from MKII) = That awful mess. Even better, the game itself isn't even restricted when it comes to performance so if you play it on a computer from this generation, it will run fast but will play even worse.  Oh and the story? A Dark Goddess called Shinma who has 10 Female Warriors (or as the advertisement reffers to them "The Hottest Women in games") competing to challenge her. Seems fairly normal until you play it, then you can chuck "Normal" right out the window.
Actually Teras Kasi is canon, at least the martial art. In Solo, Kira mentions that she learned it while working for the Crimson Dawn
The Star Wars Masters of Teräs Käsi has to be a Finnish creation: Teräs Käsi is finnish for: steel hand, but there isn't supposed to be a space between teräs and käsi.
Teras Kasi as a fighting style was mentioned in the Solo movie so the video game is one step closer to being canon compared to like every other one before the Disney buyout of Star Wars
Shame, you forgot to add the power instinct series, where an entire martial arts tourney was set up just to marry off a princess (...of a certain kingdom) in one entry to the series, not only that the series has some hotjams and angry grandmas
No Dissidia?
Les Misérables begins during the restoration and ends with the rebellion of 1832: roughly twenty years after the revolution had ended. You're better than this Andy
Kind of surprised Them's Fightin' Herds isn't on here. It started as a fan made fighting game starring the cast of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, showing their love and tolerance by beating the hay out of each other. They had to shut it down after receiving a Cease and Desist from Hasbro, but then they were contacted by Lauren Faust, who designed the current generation of cartoon skittle horses and offered to design all new characters for them. A successful crowd funding campaign and a few years later, you can now buy a game where a cow cowgirl can fight an alpaca that pulls random objects out of her hair.
You ever look at a list like this and think "Y'all need Jesus!" Well good news: You can play Fight of Gods, a fighting game featuring Gods of different religions, including Jesus Christ himself! And Santa Claus for some reason.
Funny stuff
5:31 only jojo fans would get this but let me speak for a second  clears throught THE WORLD! TIME STOP 
MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA! MUDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐟⭕️❌
first... S***
Stream starts at 2:43
"I'll bury you like I did my nine husbands" - Well now we know what Jane does on the weekends
If Prudence ever dies, I propose Granny Murder as Jane's new D&D character.
Luke "boys, boys you can both marry me!" 
Andy & Mike: laugh

Also Andy & Mike: continue to fight to death & for Luke's unshared love
Jane getting fully into character as Granny Murder is the funniest thing I've seen in a long time😄
If chaos is a ladder and Mike is a ladder then Mike is chaos. 
But....I think we all already knew this.
If Granny Murder doesn't make it into the next Oxventure, I'm gonna be so bummed
Endgame spoiler but I loved the end when Jane got the stones and snapped all who opposed her and then revealed that the movie was actually a documentary on her rise to power.
If the statements "It's time for work, boys" and "work the groin" are both valid, does that mean that "it's time to work the groin, boys"?
The many signs of a gamer: Hearing the phrase "would you please" and echoing with "would you kindly"
I never thought I'd be cheering for a business woman fighting a rhino on top of a blimp but here we are.
"forget 'chaos is a ladder' MIKE is a ladder." 

well i mean... Mike is Chaos... so isn't that the same thing?
The four-player Mortal Kombat is not what I expected.
I had a stomach ache because of laughing him too much. Gang beast live streams are always freaking hilarious. This should at least be a once in a month thing.
New T-shirt idea " work the groin". Could be a best seller.
Luke's "It's time for work, buoys" at 32:32 deserves more love
I think Granny Murder is my new favorite Oxbox character
Early in stream: Jane asks "Andy have you been practicing?" Andy says no
Later in stream: Andy what is your secret? "lots and lots of training" 

Now we know
what a great steam, so funny watching all the chaos
Granny Murder is my new favourite
We may not have an Oxbox Xtra radio station but there is a Spotify playlist being constantly updated.  Do a search for Xbox, Xtra or user name Kenkira.  Should lead to it and do need addition ideas.
21:48 - Luchador vs Luke-a-saur!
Can't deny, hearing Jane say "I curse you with my final breath" is very chilling. 😓
does anyone else raise their fists above their head in victory when their favourite OXer wins?
It told my friend about this game, he went and bought it...we started at 10pm...we looked at the clock it was 4am, we had a blast! Laughin the entire time. Great game!
After playing Gang Beasts and watching Oxboxtra play more, I've decided the entire game is just the most savage thing ever.
This video genuinely makes me miss having friends. 

Sucks I've lost touch with everyone since becoming agoraphobic but I wish I had some people to play this game with. 

It looks like an epic way to ruin or build friendships XD
EXT. Camp Finalgirl, night. several 30 year old teens are telling scary stories around a campfire
.       Teen1: "and they call her... Granny Murder!" 
        Teen2: "Aaaagh!"
 Other teens laugh. Teen2 is clearly a fool for reacting as intended to a well told story.
   Later:
POV shot of someone approaching Teen1, who is smoking in the hallway or otherwise being a miscreant.
       Mysterious figure: "I think it's past your dead time!"
Cut to the other teens in their dormitory, they are startled by a bloodcurdling scream, and when they go to investigate they find Teen1's body, his airways clogged with hard toffees. 
The remaining teens decide to seek shelter at the nearby house, once they arrive they are greeted by a kindly older woman.       
        Teen2: "Please, you have to help us, Granny Murder is out there!" 
        Kindly Woman:"Oh pish posh, there's no such person, but you all do seem rather shaken. The phones are down presently, but                          you'll all be safe here until morning."
        Teen2: "Oh thank you so much Mrs. ...?"  
        Kindly Woman: "You can call me Constance, Constance Ann Variables" (she smiles evilly into the camera as the teens file past her).
I think Jane has found her one true Patronus, and it is Granny Murder
So does this mean, cannonically that rhino is the evil version of flamingo?
15:44 the SECOND Andy mentions a grip meter, Jane just falls to her death in a scene that is all too funny for me
Luke: Lift that Grandma! 

I sense another t-shirt coming 🤣
Jane is building up her stable of personas... First "The Screwdriver" Douglas in the Hitman universe, then Constance Vali Burrs aka "Murder Granny".  :)
Mike: LET GO MY EAR!
Andy: How about no
Mike: I'm sorry, Andy, but you're too dangerous to let live.
Andy: But I will live.
Now I think we need a new mug or shirt that says "work the groin"
This just confirms that Jane and Andy are two of the most competitive gamers I've seen- wonder how Ellen would fare against them?
Who needs to be in a bad mood? What even is a Game of Thrones? 🤔 Gang beasts! 🙆🏾‍♀️
I think the next game they should play is Duck Game
I feel like "It's so easy to stay on the roof" should be a selling point for roofing companies.
If the incredibles has taught me anything it's capes are always a bad idea
@1:00:42 - Mike's my man with the Flight of the Conchords!
Jane as Contance Variables aka "Granny Murder" is the most fleshed out character in your Gang Beasts role play. We need more lore for the Cat, the Pirate/Luchador and the non-avian Dinosaur
Oh god I'm sorry but I can't stop laughing every time I hear the words "granny murder" I start cackling again I swear my roommate probably thinks I'm crying or something
Every one is so pale in that lighting, you all getting ready for new Vampire game or what??:)
Coincidentally my mom's name is actually "constance ann" unfortunately her maiden name isn't "variables" though I will not tell you what it is in case you're trying to steal my identity
Andy, the victorious luchador with a mask to conceal his identity and a cape to make Edna Mode frown upon.
Can we have Gang Beasts Oxbox/Oxtra vs. PlayStation Access?
That Rhino wrestling that grandma and slamming her head repeatedly against the railing...that was quality content
"I got it I got it I got it I don't got it, well, that's Gang Beasts."
Seems accurate.
Andy's not wearing a hat! 😭
nothing has made me happier than your gang beasts livestreams
Gang beasts is literally my favorite thing that’s ever happened on this channel! 😂😂😂
"Work the groin!" - Andy Farrant 2019

And did you see that crazy Lucha escape at 17:00 lol
just started watching the VOD at the gym, now having a full choking fit of laughter and coughing on a bicycle, thnx guys
i don't know why but Jane in the thumbnail made my day!
If fighting is legal, i think this is how they going to settle their problems
You people should do livestream of gang beasts more often
Science by Jane: "swimming is like punching water."
Work the groin best advice I've gotten years
Death by de-sign? XP (19:00)
slams fists on table
work the groin! work the groin! woRK THE GROIN! WORK THE GROIN! WORK TH-
janes new dnd oc granny murder we need this someone please draw this
52:00 Andy giving Luke the Luigi Death Stare! 😂
Andy:"now you'll pay"...."no wait coalition" xP
Are you kidding? I turn on my PC the moment the stream is over!? This is just bad luck.
Hey guys I'm a cast member that will be working at starwars galaxy's edge hope I see you guys there
Really cool stream...from JOSHUA
After seeing your first Gang Beasts stream I've managed to convince my wife to buy this game by showing her a one minute piece of your video! This game really looks amazing!
At 30:45, Mike and Andy ferociously duking it out while Jane and Luke learn they can scooch across the ground will never not be funny
"You can't tell me they won't make it worse" - Jane.   😂😂👍
quoth the granny "NO MORE"
I always like when you guys play this crazy, lovely game, such a barrelful amount of laughs, craziness and stupidity from you all. Some of the best action and content for livestream goodness, thank you Oxbox and Oxtra.
Looks like my mum framed this shot.

Having had sage and custard sausages, I can confirm that you can make sausages out of anything.
Omg I loved the skater boi Reference that was awesome
I lost like my remaining 4 brain cells
I want all the vlogs, live streams, go pro cams, w/e you can create while you're at galaxy's edge - in-front of the scenes, behind the scenes, besides the scenes - ALL THE SCENES!!!!
My first RPG game, so many years ago, was Fallout 2. Before that i was never interested in game like that, and now i realy like them. You may say It was my first time rping and maybe thats why i love that game so much :P
Also i need to draw Granny Murder, i'm not good at it but i will try not to butcher it :P
a drink recipe video on blue milk?
When they said where are you watching from who expected the next question to be where do you live
Jane! Stop this crazy thing!
Duel of the fates on the tube level is a mood
They are getting better by the time streams end.
jane's second character is danny devito in always sunny's wrestling episode
Strangely if I were to voice a sonic character itd be Big the Cat. "Froggy. Where are you?"
(1:12:??) Mike's awesome parkour skills xP
26mins in Edna: " No capes darling!!"
Introducing new popular character Granny Murder.
I expect fan art of Constance Anne Variables feeding cats and rhino into a grinder with hubbies grave in the background. I love how adorable and wholesome Jane is, yet all her online personas are just so evil.
30:58 Yes!!
4:48 "I prescribe punches." Be glad she didn't write you a prescription for screwdriver.
You never fully answered my question about hats from videogames...
It's pretty clear Andy is spending two to three hours every night training for Gang Beasts, probably playing on illegal servers out of Hong Kong. The ones where if you lose, they send a guy around to take one of your fingers.

Which explains why Andy is always wearing his trademark gloves now.
I'm having to watch it in segments, twice each. I love the chat so much that I keep missing video footage. Sorry I missed it live.
I have watched a lot of videos on here and on Outside Xtra, and I think this is your most entertaining video. Excellent.
Has anyone tried spinning and throwing?
All hail Lord farrantula
I sense a new shirt in the offing … "It's Time to Work the Groin, Boys!"
that would be great if your editor would put a lil name and avatar title on the bottom of the screen for all us ox noobs that only know who jane is...and thats only because ellen isn't there to make it confusing. freekn love watchin yall but i never know who is who
It's time for work, groins!
Oh that sweet OXBOX musac 🎧🎶
A view to a kill is Roger Moore 😉
(1:21:09) mike: "you should have 'trained' some more. :P
Oddly enough the only way I can find a cat tolerable, is in sausage form.
Jane is my hero
28:56 oh luke dab
You guys remembering Denver the Last Dinosaur has made my love of you grow infinity fold.
Rhino Burgandy
Mike is chaos, chaos is a ladder.
I love it when they talk Motorsports. It’s the only time I feel I know something
I could watch this all day, not as much fun to play though.
Team Andy <3
Another great livestream. I love how much your videos show the fun you can have playing instead of trying to show how awesome you are at games.
That granny reminds me of the old lady in Madagascar
You guys always look good
Stream starts at 2:50
WWE is so lame in comparison
Is Gang Beasts more or less friendship destroying than Mario Party?
Please tell me were you got gang beasts on xbox one I can't find it
Andy's victory song is just hilarious! XD
You should really learn the buttons and how to do the environmental destruction to get rid of the enemies. You can kick, headbutt, punch and climb by switching arms. will make the game lot more enjoyable for you lol
this game is addictive to watch
Content begins at 2:50
NO CAPES
Wow this is funny I'm laughing to this
Cola candy all the way YAY
When a small boy and his imaginary friends run amok, GRANNY MURDER SHALL RISE!!!!!!
Can we get "cause I'm a motherflipping rhino" on a t-shirt?
14:29 How Titanic should have ended, would also explain how the dinosaurs went extinct.
Constance Ann Variables, a.k.a. "Murder Granny" does not appear intimidating... until she reveals her hatred for blue cats, luchadors, and dinosaurs.
It’s time to work the groin?
Where's Ellen?
I've watched this for over 30min and I still don't know who is who. It's fun but very confusing.
I see a new movie, The Gang Squad and Granny Murder... A merciless killer and no one seems to be able to stop her except... (play awesome music and fireworks on the background) The Gang Squad!!!!!!! A Mexican wrestler, A lazy rhino and a suicidle blue cat. Can they stop Granny Murder...?? Coming soon
Sooo total war soon? Plz?
It's actually just the one husband buried nine times. That's why Granny hates cats so much.
is it me or does Movie Sonic kind of look like the terrifying clown demon that was a secret Easter egg  in the game boy camera?
England
Luke’s laugh at 52:15 is all the world to me
The only reason Andy won was because he didn’t have to diverge his attention on the comments.
If Physics Friday is a thing might I suggest Goat Simulator or Human Fall Flat for next month
Granny murder is worse then prudence
Happy weekend, friends! Ellen is back from her Borderlands 3 adventure and we're celebrating Andy's birthday this evening. Hope you and yours have a lovely Saturday and Sunday OXOX
Finally, Jane 'Plotting' Douglas Has returned, with her many schemes for world domination/destruction. I for one will rejoice for the return of our great leader and hope, simply, for mercy.
"They're still numbers, Mike! Just different numbers" Hasn't Prudence said that exact same thing to Eggbert?
Ah, Jane’s cycled back around to mad genius has she? She got quiet for a while there, I knew it wouldn’t last. 😂
There should be a list of games you don’t want to be caught playing by your parents lol.

Also, I want to see Jane’s mom watch her play Mortal Kombat lol
That tin robot was for Borderlands 2. I guess it’s just tradition that Andy kills Mike whenever a new Borderlands comes out.
0:58 I'm in tears 😂 that was the best intro they've had all year
Me: That was my favourite ever episode of SOTW
Mike:  I’m sorry.  I don’t remember any of it.  For you that episode was the most important day of your life.  But for me, it was a Friday.
Mortal Kombat was the first ever game to have a "17 years or older" rating. It was the sole reason behind the movement to rate games.
Jane forever pulling the strings to give us the entertainment we crave
Anyone else feel "Numbers" is going to be the title of Mike Channel's autobiography? 😂
Now we know the truth: outsidexbox is a Jane controlled study. I wonder if it's underground like vaultec...
Recently binge watched the GTA Heists playlist. Mike getting orbital cannon revenge for Andy is the sweetest most wholesome thing on the internet :D
Mike's appreciation for Octodad is heartwarming :)
Weirdness in the OX back catalog.... never*


Remembers Outside Xbox Style, that lift scene
So, what happened to the challenge of the week? What happened to those points? Did you guys redeem them somewhere? So many unanswered questions. 🤔
Jane's plotting something... not sure what tipped me off to it, just a feeling I get. 
XD
Honestly “buckle up, ‘cos I’ve got opinions!” Is me when someone asks me about endgame..
Speaking of early Oxbox shows. When you go to Star wars land why not turn on Mike's 24 hour web camera? Easy blogging and interesting insight into the world of Mike!
Mike knows he died and is now wearing a black hoodie did Mike Kingdom Hearts?
I think that Jane's Face at 11:35 is probably just the sort of reaction the animators who worked on Mortal Kombat 11 live for. Also, Sorry Jane.
I absolutely love the Dark Souls 2 video where Jane and Mike just let out almost every swear known to man... one of the only videos, if not THE only video where we have ever heard the family-friendly OXbox sound like they are part of the Eurogamer team.
Mortal Kombat 11 fatalities are "not to be seen by outsiders".
Erm, you... you do know this game is available on Switch, right? xD
New spin off series...Andy’s games on tape...”as the foot crushed the skull and a piece of skull flew towards the screen...he knew he was home”
Octodad: perfectly normal suburban dad simulator. The difference is that this one won't drown when Jane walls off the swimming pool with him in it. 



The sequel where your half-octopus, half-human second child has to get through nursery, kindergarten and primary school is going to be adorable, isn't it? 

When part 3 comes out as a high school dating game and the twist is that the main character's half-octopus ..... umm ..... it'll get copyright strikes, won't it?
I hope this is all leading to a Hitman 2: Still No Subtitles Ghost Mode tournament. 

Jane v Mike in the chaos bracket.
Ellen v Andy in the stealth bracket.
Borderlands 3 - or as we call it, the future if Jane releases her J virus on the universe.
Doki Doki litterature club ! were you combine dating simulator and absolute dread inducing hope crushing existential horror :D
Evil Jane is best Jane lol
Borderlands 3 is gonna be amazing
'not to be seen by outsiders' says Jane about Mortal Kombat 11 on OUTSIDE Xbox
Jane struggling with an evil deed doesn't seem right. Should've spoiled the F2 races since Baku was dull as dishwater otherwise.
Jane: "There are also people that study medievil torture!" 

Me: I didn't know Jane's physics degree had a module on Medievil torture! It all makes sense now.
Jane - "We are not reading bazzilion comments"
Me - Insert "Hercules - DISSAPOINTED" meme here.
As someone has been trying to recount all the lore of both Outsidexbox and Outside Xtra, I can tell you for certain that the Mike robot was from a Show of the Week about Borderlands 2. His name was also Dr. Robotmicke and had Mike’s brain inside him. But I am glad my useless collection of lore can be of service.
It’s good to hear Jane is researching again I’ve missed following the results of her experiments
REALLY WEIRD! I love all your stuff guys. Your humour have never failed to make me laugh/feel or think.. about laughing!
Need some kind of loremaster?  It's time for wikis boys!
Jane is even plotting to kill Mike with mammoths now. No doubt she'll blame it on Andy. With professional assassination like that, it's only a matter of time before she starts taking pointers straight out of Agent 47's playbook and dresses up AS a mammoth to trample him and make it look like an accident. ...totally plausible.
"If you shoot a guy in the face he should die." 
Tell that to halo, elder scrolls, and the opening of new Vegas.
The fabulous inconsistency is for me part of the fun of show of the week.
About the only thing i want added to Borderlands is the ability to upgrade your favourite weapon to your level. 
You'll find a gun you really like, and are really good with, but, after about an hour, it's now useless because you've gone up 3 levels and it does no damage
“Buckle up because I have opinions.” 
The internet in a nutshell.
man, am I glad I have seen the grand prix by now, I was not expecting spoilers here!
Date a weapon.. wow! I would love to go out with a light saber! Pretty, glowy and lethal if not used properly.. 😉
I only recently got into borderlands but I’m highly enjoying it so far it’s a great game for me and my fiancé and I can’t wait till the third one!
Honestly, I prefer visible numbers and health bars in these games. I just can't wrap my head around how much damage I'm doing in games like Monster Hunter and the like, where you have to gauge how well you're doing based on the targets physical state.
"I just ripped off your tail! Why aren't you bleeding out while limping off to your death?!"
"Half your head is missing! Aren't zombies supposed to go down from a headshot?!"
"Why... won't... you... just... die!!! How many more times do I have to hit you?!?!?"

On the other hand:
"That explains why you're still alive, you've still got that last hit point! One more shot should do it!
Before Oxboxtra, I knew nothing of Japanese Dating Simulator Games... now I know too much...
My biggest issue is Troy Baker not portraying Rhys. That voice made that character yaknow. Such a huge frikken shame
Ahhh notification pops up, my smile pops up!
I don't know that dungeon crawler seems a bit... DATED. :)
I would like to apply to be the lore master. I am most likely the only adult who can make Mike look like he can grow a beard
I completely agree with Mike about the numbers thing. Unless it's with magic or undead where it would make more sense.
Having just defended my thesis on it, it is very weird to hear Azerbaijan Gran Prix mentioned in SOTW :/
I'm learning writing and like watching these. 
I'll be your loremaster, gladly. 
For very cheap, I promise.
Outsidexbox team you should visit the Retro video game confrence in sandefjord norway would be so cool if you all showed  up some other youtubers travels there. would be really cool if you guys went there as guest :D i think they are looking for youtubers for the event there
"triangles are my favorite shape" alt-j 2012
Jane, 
Do you have the Simpsons 4 player Arcade Cabinet?
The numbers coming out of enemies in Borderlands has never bothered me as much as; enemies being bullet sponges (especially at higher levels), there being so many guns you have to constantly min/max your inventory, the gun-play being generally rubbish, and the characters not having as much personality as they seem to think they have.
THE NUMBERS MASON. WHAT DO THEY MEAN??
Calling medieval torture “a bit grim” is British understated-ness at its finest.
So you're only supposed to press the like button if your name shares similarity to the word like?
Friend: why is your face so cut up.

Me: i have been dating my sword. I think it is going well.
O Mike, it is not about pearl clutching... every one has their personal boundaries 

...and some game companies are actively dedicating to violating those boundaries.
Thank you for being willing to speak up and say how you really feel!
Honestly, I just finished Netflix-binging all of your videos, I feel so called out.
Handsome Jack > 99% game antags
Similar to Mortal Kombat, I've always imagined the writers room for the Final Destination films start their day by asking "So how do we want to kill somebody today?"
I agree with Mike,  the numbers in bl3 are a bit much.  In dark souls,  they weren't as noticeable.   And if Mike "died" last week-who's that on the couch? The same Mike resurrected or a duplicate? Jane is right, someone should catalogue the oxbox lore, it gets complicated.
there are some interesting things they have added to BL3. looking more and more like a great game
"30 Mammoths vs one mike sized guy " Jane has a wonderfully  strange thought process, what crazy experment will she think of next ?_
Is SOTW just Mike and Andy killing each other repeatedly from now on?


Ok...
@21:02 - You can flirt with a Super Shogun in a Doom 2 mod. It's (I mean the shotgun, not the mod) called 'Super Shot-kun' and has cute beady eyes... It's a one-off joke, but still it's horribly awesome.
Jane, you're right, the old Octo-Dad video is hilarious. ^_^
"Buckle up, because I have opinions"

If that ain't the name of my new blog...
I'm so damn hyped for Borderlands 3
For some reason I could very well imagine Prudence dating a demon posessed weapon.
I 😍😘🥰LOVE🥰😘😍 binge-watching OxBoxTra videos.  You've filled many a weekend afternoon, evening, night, early morning, work commute, work day...not a stalker, honest😋
Jane is becoming more like her Prudence character every day! I think maybe it has been Prudence disguised as Jane all along.She didn't hear me did she? Oh no I gotta run gotta catch a flight to somewhere very far away.  haha
in every game I have ever played ever. 

I always find a a sword or gun or swordgun that carries my character  through the entire game.
'A thousand or so Show of the Weeks' would be... close to 20 years? You folks are looking good!

Side note - should it be Shows of the Week, like Surgeons General?
Given the amount of crossovers that The Simpsons has already done, honestly how long is it until there's an episode where Lisa is wearing a dress that has all the Oxboxtra crew on it?
I think my favorite oxbox deep cut is when you all played shity indie dating/pick up games. I also watch that video when I'm feeling sad lol
It seems like Prudence I possessing Jane

Careful y'all
Amara - Multi-Armed and Dangerous >.>
6:55 ... wait, hold on is that RHYS? From Tales from the Borderlands? With ATLAS?
If you want to talk about the archives has anyone else noticed that Jane's evil streak only manifested after she opened that cursed music box?
Jane's Andy impersonation is spot on! 10/10
"We all agree it's not to be seen by outsiders" - Jane, Outside Xbox
Jane said 'hit the like button its practically got (my) name on it.' 
So i did and it said 649, and that is practically my name, practically.
So the scaling is like in Destiny?  Interesting...  I did kind of like their "the more players, the harder it gets" scaling from before.  Part of the fun (for me, anyway) was playing different builds, so I could have a high level main for playing w/my friends at that level, and lower level builds to play w/others.
Buckle up,  because I have opinions. Good summary of the internet 🤣
Now I kinda want to binge watch all shows of the week. I'll see you next summer.
Don't worry Mike. Borderlands is so fun, you won't even notice the numbers coming out.
Jane's plan to possess all of the green sofa is nt going so well.
I did the oxbox netflix binge when I discovered the channels about two years ago. My job was sitting in a building alone overnight doing data transfers. I was literally just supposed to sit in one spot and watch progress bars for hours on end. You all gave me many nights of both keeping and losing my sanity at 3AM.
Percentages COULD work that way, if the 10% of information they gave WAS the 3 guys cheering at people...
Either Jane can't stop role playing as Prudence, or Prudence fits her personality really, really well

Also, I find it hilarious that Mike would be the size of a halfling in TABS 😂
Can you make a "Continue the research" shirt? It's funny and random enough, I would love it!
"That's not how percentages work"


OBJECTION!



It can work if the cheer leading contains information so the ten percent information segment also counts as cheer leading  OR if the meeting overran by ten percent and the percentage was based on the original time line of the meeting.
Applications for OXBoxStra lore-master? Where do I send my Resume?
Jane's Simpsons shirts (jumpers?... I'm not sure if there's a difference) are my favorite.

Mike's hoodie is cool too... Is there a cool British word for hoodie?
A  twirly  mustache  and  beard?  Johnny,  run,  they're  coming  for  you!
Smashing the Mike button
Historian? Mustache? Beard?... Oh, Andy!
Another dating sim with a twist, dun dun DUN! Jurassic Heart
7:00 umm... atlas from borderlands, dahl from the pre-sequal and Hyperion from borderlands 2... it seems to be maliwan in borderlands 3
It is adorable how much fun the OxBox crew has together. But it is also adorable when Jane plots to have them murder each other.
Jane is Prudence confirmed. Some check to see if her skin is a charming shade of red.
11:02 for comments if like me you want to avoid all Borderlands 3 footage until you play it.
I really hope that we get a full play through of Borderlands 3 by OXBOXTRA. I can see it being hilarious and awesome. Please guys, PLEASE do this.
BORDERLANDS <3
Corporations/weapon manufacturers where always important in borderlands games. Atlas was the main bady in the first games, Hyperion in the second game and Dahl in the pre-sequel. They where always in the center of the conflict, sometimes enemies, sometimes allies but always important. The only thing new is that we will get to know more about Maliwan (and probable other less known corps too). 

Fun fact: Gearbox is one of the weapons manufacturer in the borderland universe (just for some special bonus weapons but still they are in the games:P), so they could add themselfs in the story of the new game :P
Guys did u play the game of thrones game and if so is it worth playing
Jane, you have a bit of fluff in your hair!
Jane's shirt is dope AF
Mike is my spirit animal. But then, so are Gozno, Tigger and Freakazoid.
Well I've been through the catalogue and I must say none of you have aged a day. I'm craggy and jealous.
No mention of the Luke and Ellen puns in the Bl3 stream?
Mortal Kombat is not to be seen by outsiders. One of the 10 video game commandments
Jane doesnt like to watch animated violence she prefers to inflict in real life violence.
I'm so excited for BL3!!!!
Jane got a new Simpsons top!!!
you guys should do a seven best star wars characters
I vote Johnny Chiodini for Oxbox Historian. I mean he's  already D&D   Dungeon Master so why not make him the Loremaster too?
Can I please be lore master?! My dream job is marvel historian, I could count this as experience!!
Evil Jane = Best Jane
If you are hiring for a keeper of the Ox Box lore, where do I send my resume?  I have the mustache and beard already!
Yay! Mike said my name! Twice! Dopamine overload!
During Show of the Week 3 months ago when Andy and Jane went to play some early Mortal Kombat 11, my mom actually walked in during a Fatality and was just like, "What are you WATCHING???"
Johnny the lore keeper!
"Now they're sort of key to the story..." (in reference to the weapon manufacturers). In Borderlands 2 Handsome Jack was the CEO of Hyperion and Sanctuary was a Dahl mining platform. The Crimson Lance of Borderlands were from the original Atlas corporation...

Guess you guys hadn't noticed! Haha. No worries. Friends I've played hundreds of hours with barely know what's going on. (But they foam at the mouth when they see orange).
Wow, Andy does a great Jane impression. If I didn't know better, I'd say that was Jane....which of course it isn't.
You have a good TV Tropes page to act as a lore-master for the moment if that's any help.
As a borderlands fan Mike hurts me... I love the popping NUMBERS M8!!! AND DONT EVEN TALK ABOUT DESTINY WHEN BORDERLANDS IS IN THE SENTENCE.
Consummating your relationship with a sword will bring you nothing but pain be ye man or woman. Trust me and don't try it.
So happy to see Boyfriend Dungeon get a shoutout on this channel. I have been following it since the Kickstarter and I am so excited to see the final product. I hope the OXBOX crew decides to play it on release!
I'll buy borderlands 3 day one.
I suddenly want to see Mike attempt a backflip... you guys have insurance right?
Ah,I've missed this.
Plays TABS mammoths vs Mike ... then Jane goes to the zoo with a crowbar for no reason at all
Neatherrealm should commission Jane and Andy to describe the fatalities and fatal blows. Imagine when you initialise a fatality and the screen fades to black and then you hear jane and andy. Gold
I am pre-ordering this game the super-deluxe version
Not completely understanding what I was doing, I deleted my YouTube watch history, and now I don't remember which oxboxtra videos I have watched, so I'm going on a binge... RIP my time
Should we be worried about Mike and Andy’s safety around Jane?
I think it is safe to say that this episode of show of the week enhances the past few in which Jane was not overtly plotting anything. You know if our dark overlord is always being obvious then....well what is even the point of evil? It loses its fun, see Jane has taught us an important lesson: moderation is important, even for things you love.......particularly when said thing is torturing your coworkers.
Score I own the like button
But... It's the Mike button!
That game brings a new meaning to when I say "I love this weapon" after a critical hit.
Mike while you're 100% correct about numbers coming out borderlands is a little different. It gets away with it because it's sci-fi. Also headshots generally kill normal enemies and hitting weak points does the trick.
I love how you bring up about binge watching OXBOX videos, when I've been doing that exact thing since Rezzed (a bit inconsistently) and I've just gotten to the bit after Xbox One's E3 show and subsequent retraction of DRM statements. Also yes, it was Borderlands 2 that that show of the weekend was abouy
if they know what side their bread was buttered on why go epic store then?
the dude has the hair of a 75 year old man..... i cant take my eyes off it.
GUNS WITH LEGS!!!! GUNS WITH LEGS
Jane’s face @ 1:32
Mike, stop dying. We have enough problems with the continuity of the time stream as it is...
It should be mentioned that there are some potential labor issues with Borderlands 3. The original voice of Claptrap, David Eddings, isn't returning for this game as Gearbox refused to pay him for his voice work when he asked this time (he was previously in the salaried position of VP of Business Development and does voice work for projects he enjoys, according to Newsweek-- search "newsweek claptrap" for the source, should be an article posted March 3rd 2019). This is pretty solidly not nice of Gearbox, and may be indicative of attitudes that could result in other, similar problems which we may not hear about until after the game's launch. Keep an eye out.
Good news! Attempts to bring mammoths back from extinction are progressing, so we'll be able to move into field tests of thirty mammoths vs Mike soon.
Is octodad a splatoon prequel?
I miss the skits infront of the haunted bookshelves...
THE NUMBERS MIKE, WHAT DO THEY MEAN...........?
Mike “buckle up cause I have opinions” Channel
Every Borderlands game has featured one of the weapons manufacturers as a bad guy. Borderlands 1 had Atlas. Borderlands 2 had Hyperion. At various times other manufacturers have shown up as enemies in certain locations. It makes sense in the Borderlands universe to have the big corporations fighting among themselves for control over planets with vaults on them because the vaults on Pandora have introduced revolutionary resources and technology. 


The more surprising thing is the bandits from Pandora managed to get off the planet. You'd think any ship that could maybe make it off Pandora would of already left. Then again the Crimson Raiders were based out of Sanctuary, which was a semi-functional Atlas mining ship they were going to fix...instead of taking over the humongous Hyperion H ship in orbit. That never made sense to me.
Borderlands 3 comes out on my birthday! Guess I know what I'm getting.
There aren't enough English dating sims. They're quite fun, but admittedly there are some bad and/or unsavoury ones.
I wont lie in the past 6 months I truly have watched all the old episodes of Show Of The Week as just started watching 1 year ago, and truly it has been so enjoyable and insane to watch the changes and I love everything about it
‘Mike size guy’.   If it was actually Mike, he would will due to explosions. Would be very messy in the end.
Somehow I'm ok with Mike killing Andy... mayhaps it's the fact that Mike owes him a few.
Have now wish listed Boyfriend Dungeon
Show of the Week is my jam. I love this channel so much.
someone needs to make a lore book of OX lore, and send it to them/put it online so everyone can be on same page
Just went back and watched the Borderlands 2 episode. Was that just somebody's lounge room back then?
I have been waiting forever for this game
It's getting a bit difficult to keep up with all this identity theft. Which one is Doom Guy?
Nobody is going to mention that DarkSouls has numbers when you hit the enemies???
I would be happy to grow a beard and be your official loremaster
Oh great, another game that showcase how awesome vault hunters can be... 


Sigh...


And my recent years been so nice and quiet. Back to dying over and over again,  its time to renovate my New-U health insurance plan again.
I think Mike dislikes numbers so much because of speed limits restricting how fast he can drive on the road. Think about it, makes a lot of sense really.
All hail Jane!
I'm with Mike on the numbers thing.
Happy birthday Andy! 😊
Promethia was designed because GB know we cant wait for Cyber Punk....they just wanted to give us something.
The plot thickens! How did I not guess Jane was behind it? She's that cunning that she pulled the wool over everyone's eyes with her well-laid experiment 🤔


Oh no not that word for 3 games and whatnot into the series "accessible" if they actually try that line with Dragon Age 4.... assuming it ever manages to see the sun and isn't held down by all of the horrid business practices and typical social propaganda they stick in everything these days, someone's going to have to smack them if they go with "accessible" for a game series with an installment that's supposed to be the 4th in it and most likely wrapping it up accessible is not what you should be going for! Sorry done ranting I think, I just really like Dragon Age and would like them to not screw it up stupidly
0 (a number) for infinity!
I thought Star Wars: The Old Republic did a practical job level capping/boosting.
I love how Mike is wearing the same hoodie in Show of the Weekend :D
16:30- So you need a historian with a mustache and a weird beard? Isn’t that literally Andy?
Okay but what’s worse to be playing when your mum walks in - Mortal Kombat or DOA with its....er...chesticle physics?
As if we needed any more proof that Jane is a super villain, just check out her happily (possibly madly) cackling "Ahahaha! I can ruin anything!" at 20:05
"Buckle up, because I have opinions." That could be a catch phrase for anyone in my house. Even the cats.
Console players:HYPED!!!! 

Majority of the PC community:Fucc epic games for making us wait 6 months
Now Mike getting the lunch brush off! Go back to denying Andy any delightful meal company.
Oh! I have a twirly mustache and a weird beard, and I actually just binge watched season 3 of Show of the Week yesterday. I'll get started on the histories!
For you sake Claptrap, I hope there's no stairs.
The simpsons predicted the weapon dating game. In the episode where homer leads a war game cleatus says this avacado has gave him a wedding ring
You've all been very mean to each other on Show of the Week recently. Please stop and be nice
Fatetalities not to be seen by outsiders. To late for that
Too bad Borderlands 3 doesn't come out on PC until April 2020.
I am willing to be the channels lore master, do you provide the twirly moustache and beard or do I need to provide my own
I was recently binge watching show of the week and if my count is right this is the 325th episode
As a matter of fact I am in the middle of binge-watchig your Show of the Weeks since I'd started watching you late last year, I've only got like 20-30 episodes left to be up to date with it, and man, did you guys change! But one thing that has never changed, you've always been hilarious and great! <3
"Borderlands 3 will have no microtransactions."
Also, the world is flat and Aliens: Colonial Marines was an underrated classic.
Has anyone been keeping score of how many times everyone on this channel has died?
Brilliant.
I said it in The Chat in the livestream and I'll say it now: Gang Beasts / Octodad crossover game. And you thought your wimpy 4 human limbs were hard to control...
Can... can I call dibs on lore master / historian? Is that okay? Has no one done this yet?
Im with Mike on his hatred of numbers in shooters..
Shootouts feel more like high intensity wedding-present registry with those little gun scanners
"Until next week", Mike? Then how do you explain his appearance on the Gang Beasts stream?! Is it clones?! It's probably clones, isn't it?
Mike hates rules and numbers... I wander if he knows about the laws of physics the universe goes by
So excited!
Was borderlands 2 vr bad if not why does this not have vr
There are 2 videogame series that I will not play while my parents are in the same room as me. Mortal Kombat and Saints Row. I also get twitchy playing GTA or Witcher occasionally.
Mike games are just becoming more realistic you know this. You get punched in real life numbers come out. So in games it has to be done also.
Those poor mammoths
We don't usually let the Outsiders see into our crazy otaku world Mike, but OTOME (Japanese dating games) are nearly always weird which is why they're so great.  😁
I have a borderlands vault symbol tattoo, so yeah I’m pretty excited about Borderlands 3
Wait a sec... Are Andy and Mike "Captain Jack Harkness type of immortal" now? I mean, there are definite perks to that: Mike can watch as many Grand Prix as he wants for until we stop using cars, and Andy won't have to study History, he'll LIVE History!
Is it my imagination, or is Jane becoming possessed by the spirit of Prudence?
Numbers? I got a feeling Final Fantasy probably annoys Mike a bit but it's turn based so I suppose it would get a pass...
An OXBOW historian I call dibs, now I don't have a beard but can grow one and when I do I promise that every halloween I will dress as Kratos... might have to do "pre-ghost of sparta" though.
Wow, this video is EPIC.  That's not code, I'm not trying to let off any steam, it's just so EPIC and MEGA, this game is!
Early!
Is there a war between Andy and Mike that I'm unaware of?
The funny thing is that i don't even care about most of the games. Games are jus the glue that holds the community together. But the real reason we stay here are the lovely people on Oxboxtra
You guys are freakin awesome! Love your shows! Thumbs up every one of them! Keep rockin it guys!
Mike " when I was dead" is just as funny as when someone in top gear dies in a car crash and next week they're just like " I got better"
"Hatoful Boyfriend, where everyone is a pigeon." Everyone except the protagonist, that is, who is in fact a human woman. It's telling that this genuinely isn't one of the really weird dating sims.
Jane, the problem with your scheme is you’re making them too angry with each other. They can’t battle if they straight up murder each other immediately
I often wonder if the MK designers do anatomy research.
Fun fact: all the Splatoon kids are really octodad's descendants! :)
Speaking of weird dating sims and your old videos, you guys played a bunch of indie dating sims for a video for Valentine's Day many years ago.
I dunno why you'd give Andy the benefit of the doubt to playing dirty in MK. He's one of the sorest losers I've ever seen. There's a mario party livestream on here somewhere where he was a step away from making Ellen cry.
Mike you can turn the numbers off.
So Jane is plotting the demise of Mike and Andy, but from what I can tell the main research involves pitting Mike against mammoths in TABS. Either Mike has nothing to worry about, or Jane has perfected Jurassic Park style cloning and we're about to see a herd of mammoths.
1:32 you should frame this expression and put it somehwere in your office.
White graphic on Mike's Tee + White laces on Mike's hoodie = More salacious imagery than I think was intended...
Anyone remember when Jane and Andy baked a Portal cake?
been away for a while. Did they change up the format for the comment section of the show? Seems a bit off to me
So in Octodad are those kids his or did he marry into them? So many questions if they are his.
Yeah, I'll start getting into BL3 6 months after it comes out when I can but it anywhere except the Epic store. Right now, I couldn't care less about it.
Why is everyone framing Andy? First it were the eggs (twice), now spoiling the already out results of Azerbaijan GP.
I think he is being framed by the super stealthy Ellen because of the previous Pikachu art criticism she received from him. Also this is totally Ellen's voice in the message.
I think my favorite moment when you guys used the 'You Are Dead' song over other game over scenes. I go back every now and then and end up on the floor laughing.
I seriously need Mike's hoodie. Anyone know where to buy it?
Awesome
Jane has been putting Mike and Andy against each other so she can continue to work on her plans to take over the world, and apparently she has discovered a way to bring people back to life when they die, interesting
I feel like Mike would like the first Ghost Recon game. Tactical military shooter wherein if you get shot once anywhere, it treats it like a real world injury. Meaning you’re basically done. One hit to the leg could kill you, or greatly hinder your movement. IF your character survives, they get a Purple Heart, but they’re out of the game while they recover. It’s hyperrealistic.
I am pretty morbid and have a dark sense of humor. The fatal blows and fatalities are more comical and cheesy (in a good way!) than disturbing or grim.
1rd
8:22 Jane, no one knows who or what exactly Zer0 is- the fact that you call him a ninja robot must mean that you have inside sources- care to name a few in exchange for a discount at the next Gathering of Evil Dictators summit?
Speaking of old bits, bring back the pun idiot sign and dump it on either Luke or Ellen when they least expect it, if you really need to crush their spirit for some reason.
There’s Japanese’s dating sims where you everyone’s a pigeon and one where you date dads... and there’s also some weird ones as well! Ah yes the only genre where pigeon dating is ‘normal’
Once upon a time there was a kitchen and in this kitchen the clock always showed ten past five ... If you went left from the couch. Perhaps after Jane was revamping the studio with all these dimension-holes, the kitchen just got lost and sits now there, forgotten, on an asteroid, alone in the universe ... Sigh.
“Buckle up, cuz I have opinions” should be Reddit’s slogan
See... Mike. What you've got yourself there is a "Pet Peeve". Something that bothers you more than you know it should. Embrace it as the irrational annoyance you know it is and then you can play games with the rest of us.
I now don’t like “numbers” just because of mike.
edit - had no opinion before
Nice
If you dont like the numbers ignore them, I mean it's not hard, other games with loot you see the drop off by just having a harder time while playing the numbers basically just make you notice that drop off quicker
Is Jane actually Prudence in real life, plotting to have her team mates kill each other?
I think Ed Boon did a character rundown of all the fighters in MK11 and said they really toned down Scarlet's fatality because there was "too much blood". How bad was it that Ed thought they went too far?
Can't you like turn em off?
why are both of these people protecting their reproductive systems?
So I'm no channel historian and I don't have a twirlable mustache, but I do happen to recall an ancient video of you guys playing a bunch of dating sims that were free on the indie game marketplace. Pretty sure it ended with everyone involved being thoroughly mortified at the games' whole deal
Good to see Mike back this week. Can't believe Andy would spoil the Grand Prix results though, I thought the egg stealing was bad enough
Why is it called Octodad if there's only one of them? With a name like that you'd expect 8 normal adult men instead of one.
I can’t believe andy would spoil the race results for mike, is it because Mike’s the better hitman?
NONONONONONONO, MK Fatalities and brutalities are just hilarious, not disgusting
You don't like critical hits and you don't like numbers? I don't know how you enjoy video games.
the numbers tell you how strong your weapon is jakaz
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐗⭕️❌
I have OCD and i have to watch your videos before work everyday. It helps with the anxiety of my job and the chaotic environment that comes with it. Ive been a fan for many years, and youve helped me more than i can ever say.
Isn't racing fanatics suppose to be really interested in numbers like horse power, fuel consumption, wind resistance... Do Mike just basically ignore speed limit in his favourite racing stimulator and keep floor the gas pedal the entire time?
Naah. I skip borderlands. I'm not a big fan of first person shooter. The one and only favourite fps I've ever played was Black from ps2. 🤷‍♂️
5.06 
you mean like going to epic after stating release on steam Jane?
they were pretty clear on nfg given for the community on that one I think you'll find!
Its the same game
Dont let me snap these fingers again
I might get Borderlands 3 when it's released on Steam next year.
Weapons manufacturers are becoming more relevant, you say? TORGUE HAS ALWAYS BEEN RELEVANT. MEWOWOWWWOOOO WOOOWW SUCKAH
ARE YOU CALLING ME A LIAR!!! I SAID NO MICROTRANSACTIONS!!!!!!
Numbers ruin immersion!
Yeah, the newer Mortal Kombat games have been grossing me out too.


looks at the costumes in MK11 and shudders
“The humour’s still there”
[ cut immediately to obnoxious squeaky-voiced robot who serves no other purpose than to annoy ]
21:00 - 21:10 what the actual f***?
My biggest issue with Borderlands 3 is the epic store exclusivity. Might look into it once its on Steam
Borderlands 1 - Yay!
Borderlands 2 - OK!
Borderlands 3 - Yawn!
"I know it has fallen out if fashion now..."
Division 2.
Anthem only failed because of bad excecution.
Destiny 2 is up to a few million players monthly.
Dying Light 2.
DA4, according to rumors.
So...five huge AAA games all doing well save for one is going out of fashion?
It seems like we have more than ever coming out, that is the literal opposite of going out of fashion.
Dear God, that Borderlands 3 music was vomit for the ears
Im afraid not interested at all in Borderlands 3 in any way, never played any of the other games and generally I am not a fan of RPGs and/or MMOs with numbers coming out of people i.e. The Elder Scrolls Online, The Division 2, Destiny 2 etc.. P.S. Jane is so guilty ;), how could you Jane.
I'm pretty sure Borderlands 3 is coming out next year after they've implemented every anti-consumer AAA play in the book. Exclusivity ransom and microtransactions anyone?
I am interested to try Borderlands 3. I am not interested in supporting their Epic "pals".
I pretty much have the same problem with Borderlands than Mike has, I just don't find it fun because the rules are so obvious and arbitrary. You go 100m in one direction and shoot a guy, numbers pop out and he loses a large portion of his health, you go 100m in another direction and shoot an identical looking guy with the same gun, same numbers pop up and you can't even see his health going down.
Many games do the same thing but for some reason borderlands feels like the laziest way of doing it.

Also I don't like the whole emphasis in marketing on randomly generated loot. Almost all of it is useless or there's no noticeable difference to your other weapons and none of it makes me feel like I'm advancing because I can't do anything that the game designers didn't want me to do anyway because of the first point I made. No matter how many randomly generated guns drop, none of them allow you to kill those enemies you're not supposed to kill until the game decides you're ready for them at which point the feel exactly the same as all the previous enemies.

Why ARPG:s work is because when done well you can feel yourself becoming stronger because common enemies die more and more easily as you progress and become stronger. With Borderlands each new area feels the same as the previous ones because they're scaled so that you always start from the same bottom position of the power ladder.
With numbers Mike is sort of right. If you're trying to play an immersive single player story like far cry 3 numbers would only ruin immersion but for an online game numbers helps you min max and shows you how much of an impact you're having and you can't get immersed in a multiplayer game anyway.
I agree ... the whole "numbers out of heads" thing and that headshots just don't do what years of playing videogames thaught me they should do allways bothered me. That's one of the things i had to get used to a lot with the new AC games. It's also why i never really got warm with Borderlands all the way back with part 1, despite the fact that i loved the style and wackyness of the game. But unlike Borderlands, AC had the benefit of being a series i've loved since the first game.
When Mike mentions his aversion to the numbers coming out making it feel like the arbitrary numeric rules are visible, someone always seems to mention that that is basically what video games are, complex calculators ruled by arbitrary numbers rules. But I agree with Mike, because games become more immersive by disguising the fact that they are just calculation an equation as much as possible, and having the numbers pop out of enemies every time you pull the trigger is a little like having disco lights in your gillie suit, kinda kills the disguise.
My irl counter to Mike's "shot in the face autokill" opinion is Malala Yousafzai. So, rare, yes. Impossible, no.
Gearbox broke my heart with "Aliens: Colonial Marines" and I can never forgive them for it.
Borderlands 3 can take a GTFO.
I have opinions too- but nobody cares.
Randy Pitchford is a liar. Gearbox is despicable. Why do I even bother? You people are gonna buy this stupid thing anyway and just encourage the same unethical and greedy behavior. Wet your lips fan boys. Randy is waiting for you.
Borderlands 3 from the company that reworked duke nukem 3D, developers of the high profile failure Battleborn, the ceo that presented target render footage of aliens: colonial marines and the laughed in articles about aggrieved consumers failed class action lawsuit for expecting the footage in online marketplaces to represent the game on sale, and recent high profile lawsuits accusing him of  embezzling money from that project to pour into borderlands 2, leaving company data on the same hard drive with barely legal pornography and having parties where adult exposed themselves to children.  All that being said, as a borderlands 2 super fan I won’t put money into his pocket unless they lose Randy Pitchford or CUT HIS DICK OFF
1st comment and also i watched the livestream and the gang beast plus werent you in gang beast like 2 min ago but you do work unexpectedly also first viewer
That reminds me pls die in a hole epic games XD
Mike's a pwwwwwuuuusyyboooyyy
6 years and 21 days later you decided to release part 2.
Wow, I don't even know what to say. Maybe - "I salute your dedication", or "You guys are crazy, and thats why we love you"
I was watching someone play Prey and he actually jumped up into the chopper blades in Prey. His words were, "I wonder if I can jump up into those blades? Will they do damage?"  Achievement unlocked...
There is some sort of comfort in getting the Oxbox notification pop up.
Lol the Nier one is even harder to explain since 2B actively tries to stop you from looking up her skirt.
You know, if I remember correctly in Papers Please there's an achievement for ratting yourself out to your superior officer as part of an underground resistance. oops.
That 20 minute video of Oxbox moving out all the furniture in Prey was 20 of the greatest minutes of my life.
I'll be extremely disappointed if "Stealthy", "Medium" and "Explosions" aren't the difficulty settings in the next Hitman game.
That time when I died eating fish in Nier Automata.

That was the culmination of my gamer career.
To quote Weiss Schnee: "It's a combat skirt!"
I see my boi Majima. I watch. Simple as.
You get an achievement for dying once in dark souls 2. Imagine someone playing it for the first time and completing it without getting the achievement
I am sorely disappointed with the lack of Mr. Libido in the Yakuza entry.

Depriving all those who don't know of "The Hustle."
Nier Automata and Yakuza Series, The proudest trophies i ever had, right after DoA Extreme, Akiba's Trip, Senra Kagura, Neptunia Unlimited Action, Valkyrie Drive and Metal Gear's Snake Beater.
“No Show” had me laughing hysterically at 3 am when I decided to see if the blades of the helicopter would kill me and not only did they kill me, but I also got an achievement 😂😂
Was this made before Andy killed, I mean Mike's holiday?
I think how willing I am to sacrifice dignity for gamer-score is an embarrassing achievement in itself

Is it worth any!??
7 times the apocalypse happened because of you.
I always thought there should be an achievement for beating James's pull up record in ME3 citadel dlc... That takes some very determined and very silly doing and I deserve to be more embarrassed about doing it. Like, every playthrough... :/
Jane having a great nap record seem plausible, after all how else would you chat with your Cthulhu dad?
Let’s not forget that all of Nier: Automata’s non-Story trophies are buyable in-game later on. Not entirely unreasonable to believe that’s how you unlocked the What Are You Doing trophy
Unless the achievement/trophy has some negative points to lower your gamer score, I have no problem unlocking them. Some achievements give me a hard time unlocking, so I’ll take what I can get. Example, I can’t unlock Blight-Queller in Dragon Age Origins, and Master Warden only unlocked on my umpteenth play-through
prey spoilers ahead




When the simulation inside the simulation kills you
The new trailer for "John Wick 3 popped up at the perfect time. I honestly thought that the next entry was a John wick one I'd never heard of.
7 embarrassing achievements i don't want on my gamercard... you underestimate me
Wher "Obsessed" from Borderland 2? Collected 10 pictures of Moxxi in Campaign of Carnage. I am proud of this achievement!
Forever my favourite achievement is still WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU??? From AC Syndicate. 😂😂
I have a real life achievement like that....

Most time I’ve broken my leg to the same bush
Two, two ahead of everyone else
I managed to pop the no show achievement by just jumping next to the helicopter door. Genuinely an accident 😂
"Your only option is to platinum the game so you can claim you Only Did It For The Trophy." And that was exactly what I did. Screw you, Mahjong.
"If the cats are wearing gloves..." hah :)
i´d probably be less embarrassed to have the "What are you doing?" Nier:Automata Achievement than the "Not That I Mind..." one where you have to play one hour of 9S with only his boxers on.
So it's practically impossible not to get the one for Lolly Pop chainsaw? Since she spends the whole game jumping.
Ебать Никитун за лето изменился.
Good to see you back Mike! Hope your Holiday was Fun and well Needed! 😊
Jane's achievement of longest nap IS worth celebrating, the OXffice has to be super loud with all the gaming and talking! Then again, that couch looks really comfortable. Like, REALLY comfortable...
The Prey achievement is something i'd gotten at first try. I feel like its my job to explore the flexibility of the game engine... meaning jumping on top of a helicopter to see if i can decapitate myself :)
I'm proud of that Yakuza achievement
I dunno guys the “are you an otaku too?” Achievement in mgs4 aint something to be too proud of. 
“Hey guys i spent valuable hours of the only life i’ll ever have hunting for virtual posters of japanese models!” Fair play to Koj for including it though 😂
Nah-uh Andy! a trophy is a trophy, one step closer to a platinum :)
I got the Nier trophy mentioned in here because I was going for the platinum. 🤷‍♂️
FIFA 09 - "Judas":
Beat your favourite team with their rival 😅
There is an acheivement you Should get an award for. It is one I have earned many times. It would be called, "I'm still playing the last game and mixed up the buttons." It is an easy acheivement to get. It also gets you killed...quickly...sigh
9:55 Weiss: It's a combat skirt!



Ruby: "Yeah"


High five
"Nice try, idiot."
*points at camera*
"Now for more crimes."
I swear the original was made YEARS ago
Saw Majima from Yakuza 0 in the thumbnail. I want every achievement in Yakuza 0, so I disagree.

Edit: I proudly have that Yakuza trophy. Part of the journey to 100%...less proud to have killed myself in Prey as quickly as I did.
Also the nier automata achievement of playing 9s without pants for an hour (I got it lel)
So...This is the Mike from 2014 isn’t it? Now Andy doesn’t have to worry about covering up (2019)Mike’s murder...
Uhm... I mean Yay! Mike returned from his vacation.
It's ALWAYS for the gamer score/Platinum Trophy.
In Amnesia the only trophy/achievement I have on it is titled "nope!" And you could guess what I did to get that
"What are you doing?" and "I did it for the trophy"
Are achievements that I'll never regret or be embarrassed of
Honestly i just wanted to knew if the blade had a hit box °w°;
Considering how easy it is to get to the maximum 99 lives in Crash Bandicoot, spinning away a life isn’t that big of a deal.
when you try not to comment but there is exactly 679 comments
the music in "prey" is amazing...M83 vibes for sure
Why in Hat in Time
attempt to type unsavory words in any chance you get, especially funny in Dead Owl Express level
Oh my, there's more??
Oh yeah, that Elder Scrolls Online achievement. I'm still working on that.
At the Yakuza part I got a friggin Yakuza ad

Meta.
you know guys you can 3-ways-to-play other games too
To quote Ruby and Weiss of RWBY:
"It's called a battle skirt."
Really good at Hitman... unless playing against Mike
Just a fun aside, Surgeon Simulator is just the best game to play absolutely drunk.
Kept ya waiting, huh.
Dear Mike,  Andy and Jane -I'm judging you so hard right now.
Literally no one:
Games Journalists: ACHIEVEMENTS YOU DON'T WANT BECAUSE THEY'RE EMBARRASSING.

Who cares
Oh oh, hundred Knight, you get an achievement for switching to casual mode.
"Took an arrow to the knee" is actually slang for getting married
"... I did it for the trophy" and I'm not ashamed
You could fill several lists with the South Park games The Stick of Truth and The Fractured But Whole.
Military issued tactical Garment, the M.I.T.G. ... now in production.
When I play games I like to get all my achievements even the nsfw ones 

Me: making creepy faces*
What about just about every single achievement in SCP: Secret Laboratory? Like Gravity Works Here!
"what are you doing" - Nier Automata
Edit: I KNEW IT!
Ah the what are doing achievement on nier 😅
Pure mistake I got the trophy and achievement 🤷‍♂️
Clicked on to comment that they forgot nier automata again but was proved wrong for once. Also her skirt isn't that short jeez 😅
Wouldn't a record breaking nap become a sleep? Like I'd say after 4 hours of sleep it goes from nap to sleep.
In NieR Automata (PS4) you can also buy the Trophies from that woman with the machinehead in the resistance camp, if you finished the full Story and the secret Ending. 
In the german version the titel of this is "Das da", witch would be "That, there" in english if I remember correctly.
But I already got the trophy from 2B AND 9S before that, 1h gameplay in his underpants and looking under her skirt, both of these trophies are embarassing.
I know an achievement that: you didn't still finish MILE HIGH CLUB: VETERAN MODE in COD4

What an achivement that we suck
neir automata you know exactly what im doing L3 R3
After a frustrating day at work, this is much needed.
I see Majima on the thumbnail, which I absolutely love, and I already know which trophy it's going to be from Yakuza 0. I swear, I only did it for the trophy. >.>
That said, Yakuza 0 is a wonderful game and everyone should play it.
Mike: "Stop... Stop... He's already dead..."

Jane: "Nope, I saw him twitch."  continues to throw boxes.
The three ways to play Hitman:
Stealthy
Medium 
Mike
Lmao I got the Yakuza trophy 😂😂I felt slick embarrassed as soon as the achievement popped up
If it's an achievement or trophy, I do want it
Oh, man, Indecent Exposure was my favourite achievement to get. I was rping at the time and it was so funny. XD
Question:


Is it even more shameful to have the "what are you doing? trophy" on your card after buying trophies using the in-game store? Asking for a friend.
Another one for the list:
Kings Quest achievement- Unicorn Snack Food.
The ‘go outside’ achievement in garden warfare 2 definitely shouldn’t grind for that long
Is this a reupload? I feel like I’ve seen all this like a year ago
I played Yazuka 0 when i visited my boyfriend on his PS account. I earned him the naughty video trophy XD
How many of these do I have? Too many. 
Thanks for part 2 Oxbox!
I really thought he was going to say "Stealthy, medium and Mike."
What about that unnecessary achievement "This is Dark Souls" for dying the first time?
Never had such a good laugh again...
I'd say that "selling out" from cuphead is kinda one of these
YES FINALLY A PART 2!!
Sometimes I think you guys make these videos just to justify these achievements you’ve gotten by “mistake”.
Two videos, and still no mention of the  achievement "I need a Valkyrie" from Xmen Destiny. It requires you die 100 times playing Xmen Destiny.
Pretty much any achievement from DoA: Xtreme Beach Volleyball 2 or Rumble Roses.
Back when i was mostly playiny games on XBox 360 and PS3 .

I would be all over these achievements and trophies .
Sekiro has a trophy for resurrecting the first time. I wonder if anyone has all the other trophies except that one and the Plat.
7:14
Jesus! What did you guys do? Not break a single box?
We know you are good at Hitman, Andy.

But can you beat Mike in Ghost Mode?
Oh Andy, that DualShock 4 controller isn't even turned on. 😋
Danganronpa V3's Hotel Kumasutra achievement.


I only did it to find out more character backstory. Trust me.
Telephone club is one of the reasons I couldn't complete Kiryu's real estate storyline. My roomies were 'interrupting'. 😅
Rise of the tomb raider was thet really necessary trophy where yiu have ik kill any animals with explosives 😅😂
"I guess I don't need to upload EVERYTHING to YouTube...."
A content farm that became self aware? What is this madness
I've been waiting for the second part of this saga for too many years....
The original video was my first oxbox video. God seems like an eternity ago.
I wonder if 2B's win screen in Soulcalibur VI, is a nod to that achievement.
The indecent exposure trophy is my guilty embarrassing one 😱
I'm a simple man.


I see Majima-senpai, I click.
Wow its been over 6 years since the first part. Definately prefer the lighting and production these days in comparison.
Here is one for part three. Turd Burglar in Duke Nukem Forever for well.....
I'm a simple man. I see anything Yakuza related and I quickly click and watch the video.
I just realized what Iwas drawing looks like Jane
Finally a Yakuza game. I love that series and I am so happy it’s finally getting the recognition it deserves.
"Stealthy, medium, and explosions" sounds like a new line of Taco Bell sauces
"Tactical Genius" in Ghost Recon Wildlands. You get the achievement in the Fallen Ghosts Expansion by blinding yourself with a remote controlled flash-bang drone
I'll just say it "This is dark souls" dark souls 2
Since we're counting PS trophies, how about pretty much anything in the Senran Kagura Peach Beach Splash game?
I got the Yakuza trophy when my friends were over and wanted to see the whole thing with me it was very uncomfortable
Always with the entertaining videos. Love this channel and appreciate all the work put into it. I cannot wait for the oxventure to continue.
Am I the only one who hates achievements that end in odd numbers
Surgeon Simulator is from 2013? 
Where have the years gone...
>has bad day
>sees OxBox notification pop up
>has good day
Mike “Maybe I don’t need to upload everything onto YouTube...”

Everyone “Yes! Yes you do”
Ahh thanks for making a sequel to one of my favorite videos from you guys
I only got the crash bandicoot one and even then that’s because my sister took my controller and button-spammed
What about the "My God, What have you done?" Achievement for Surgeon Simulator
Random thing, I'm pretty sure Morgan Yu is canonically male.
got a yakuza kiwami 2 ad after the yakuza segment ended
Ah, Stealthy, Medium and Explosions, such a perfect summary of Hitman with you wonderful guys
Metal Gear Solid 2 - Snake Beater. Enough said, I hope.
I will get all of those trophies, for completion, of course.
There is a new bubsy game out
I think there should be a video list of how many lists that Nier: Automata has made it on.
What's the name of the song in the background around 1:30?

I used to have it on my synthwave playlist and I want it back.
Speaking as someone who died during the introductory dream scene in Witcher 3 because I just HAD TO KNOW if you could jump off the balcony.. There is nothing odd about decapitating yourself before even starting.

Edit: Crime does so pay in ESO. You even got a trophy for doing it.
"3 Ways to Play: Stealthy, Medium, and Explosions." X-D
I saw Goro Majima


so I clicked
Thanks for including ps4 as well !
This is the first I've seen footage of surgeon simulator and all I can say is "Quick nurse, forceps, scalpel, FIRE EXTINGUISHER!?" 😂
I'm a simple man. I see Majima in the thumbnail, I watch the video.
‘What are You Doing’ was LITERALLY the first trophy I got in Nier: Automata and I am not ashamed to admit it.
I think it was one of the call of duty games where you unlock a trophy just for switching the game on.
PhD = pretty heckin' dangerous. Thanks, Jane. Now I finally know!
The "Status Update: Single" achievement from Shadow Complex is a great embarrassing one. You give up on saving your girlfriend from nuke-happy revolutionaries and just drive off saying, "Eh... plenty of fish in the sea." Truly heroic.
Indecent exposure achievement made me remember a similar one in kingdoms of amalur, let's see that one on part 3
I worked hard for indecent exposure, i couldn't find gloves or shoulders anywhere!
I have one! in Portal 2 during the Escape part with Wheatley Glados opens up a room with the promise of escape go in and you get killed with Neurotoxin and get the achievement “Good Listener” 

Which I totally DON’T have 😅
wasnt part 1 from years ago?? like the lolipop chainsaw achivement? or was that a different vid
Nier Automata should have included an "I played this for the music" trophy. EPIC soundtrack in that game!
Yakuza in an Oxbox video?
I never thought I'd live to see the day!!
What about kingdom come deliverance "Fatso", where you stay over fed for 2 whole days. I was just careless - I swear!
I love this is #39 on trending for gaming. It may not be the highest, but I'm so proud our community could do it.
I'm a simple man. I see Majima, I click
I tried to get What are you doing? in Nier but at the pc i didn't get it.
I like to put achievements like that in my steam.
“A good listener”
Portal 2
Let's be glad Jet Force Gemini came out before achievements and no one has remade it yet.
What if you're speed running the achievements?
Love the Andromeda Initiative t-shirt!
I was just seeing if the helicopter was a mimic...

It was actually a helicopter. Who knew?
You hate bowling, Jane?
...you have no idea how much it's possible to hate bowling.
I have a very good idea of how much a person can hate bowling, believe me.
And I still manage to hate it more than that.
I see Majima on a video, I click.
I'm a simple girl, I see Majima, I click
My trophys have been deleted afew times! storms/power outages are a bith!
I am the 500 comment
I see Majima in a thumbnail,  I must click it no matter what.
Also surgeon simulator is like a wet paper towel for throwing the heart against the wall
I never before realised that Crash Bandicoot is likely a ripoff of Warner Bros’ Tasmanian Devil. I mean, the whole spinning thing. And perfect triagiform body shape.

Just saying, they probably (for legal reasons) had to pivot to another Australian native marsupial at the last minute that also doesn’t do anything like spinning through wooden boxes in its natural habitat.
Great follow up to the legendary first part.
I got the Helicopter death first time playing ;).. am actually proud of that got the achievement on the 12th of may 2017 ;) 5 days after the game released ;).
Why is outsideXBOX talking about trophies? :p
But you want the lowest score when bowling
I was playing the familly guy game on 360 and i was low heath so i hid in that room with quagmire and i got the achivment
Just how I like to see a video, 275 likes and 0 dislikes
I've never heard of that surgeon game before, but I'm extremely curious to learn what kind of medical procedure involves a fire extinguisher.
What about oblivion guards.
I didn't know I wanted an OX bowling episode so much.
Me: Ohh I don’t have any of these games. I don’t have any of these.

Video: Crash N Sane Trilogy 

Me: ohh...umm.... I Meant to do That....
Pt 1 of this was one of the first videos I ever watched from you guys back when I was in uni like 5 years ago @.@ 
Thanks for all the laughs :3
Hey andy at least you have a swimming certificate!
I have none
Here's a couple, both in the same game.

In Katana Zero, you can commit suicide in a couple places, such as jumping off the building with your target at the Murdower Hotel, and also in the bunker at the end, with a molotov in an elevator.
what about any trophy in Mr.Massagy. Anything acknowledging playing that game is sad.... i have the plat
"so is there a possibility of getting a job with your PHD?" Me" no not really" "why did you do it then?!" Me : @11:20
the snow walk from final fantasy 6 is in my eyes still one of the best
I'm a simple man. I see yakuza. I click.
Thanks to you guys, I also loaded as much as possible into the elevator in Prey.
i had a add for yakuza neat
I am so glad I knew Nier Automata was gonna be here
Im a simple man
I see Majima and i like
I could watch the three of them play Hitman for hours.

I know so because I’ve done so.
You forgot Fable 2 and The Menace To Society Achievement as well as The Hunter Achievement.
I need the 100% on my gamer card
> embarrassing
> don't want

haha
Mikes the man i never thought about jumping on the helocopter to be decapitated
I am proud of decapitating my Morgan Yu, i did it 3min into my first playthrough because i wanted to see how detailed oriented the developers were :) and i Loved the achivement!
Who even looks at friends achievements any way?
Anybody else wanna hug mike after he said, "stop, stop, it's already dead."?
Andy: I’m the best at hitman. Me: flashbacks to both mike vs. Andy hitman videos
"Ahmet, eater of hearts.  She will burrow from beneath the earth to face you"

My ex is in the game?
Is this a re-upload ?
The achievement becomes pretty undefendable once you see that it's one of the firsts achievement for that game for the player.
I’m proud of my achievement for beating deus ex mankind divided on “I never asked for this” (aka permadeath) what I’m not proud of is I spent MONTHS on a game that i learned after beating it A: Is INCREDIBLY easy with invisibility aug and B: NOBODY cares about anymore so yeah anyone want to trade wasted lifes?
Well, i think it speaks for NieR: Automata that instead of getting this trohpy it sparked my interest in philosophy.


Which brings me to the deep philosophical question, if self destructing the skirt away reduces or increases the chance of online embarassment? ;)


PS: I actually didn't know the effects of self destruct until I saw a speedrun of the game. Who would have thought, that it is survivable?
jokes on you Bubsy: Paws on Fire! is coming out
I'm definitely avoiding that one in Yakuza 0, considering I got the game as a Christmas present from my girlfriend. Definitely don't want that on there.
Yakuza 0 is full of embarrasing Achievements I find out. Like, "I did it for the Trophy" is just scratching the surface, but probably with the funniest name. 


I'm bias to anything you get for the Sub-Story of getting the adult magazine to the little kid. And suddenly all the women in Kamurocho are around that machine. I just love this game to pieces
I'm a simple gamer, 
I see majima goro I click UwU
Jane should be VERY proud of her nap achievement!
I killed myself with the helicopter as soon as I found out I could.
Currently trying to platinum yakuza 0........
I'm convinced the Oxbox crew is monitoring my activity on their channel. A day after I decided to go back and check the achievements videos from the past, they release this video. I'm totally excited to see it, but slightly on edge too. Mike might be hiding in my tea cupboard as we speak...
Ok how does a warrior as powerful as jane not know those guards are saying they got married?
LOVED the Terry Pratchett reference at 5:25.
Not surprising to learn that microsoft upped its production value on its PAVLOVIAN sound cue for its achievements. I'm Still on a 360, with a 100k+ gamerscore.
Mute your achievment notifications, on all consoles. They are gaming you.
Take back your gaming.
I got a Yakuza 2 trailer right after they talked about the 1st one good advertising lol
It's been a long time since I played Crash, but isn't the criteria for getting gems on some levels that you HAVE to miss every box?
How about games that give you a taste of your own medicine? I'm still freaked out in RDR2 when people randomly show up at my campfire to rob and/or murder me, which is clearly only acceptable when I'm doing it to someone else.
PHD, pretty hecking dangerous, I'm dying haha
"Stealthy, medium and explosions"...yep thats about right
Nice vid, guys! Quick question, where didn't you get that awesome T shirt, Andy?
I never knew that Andy was actually a nickname and that his real name is Andrew
I got the nier trophy without even knowing it existed lmao I was showing off the her pushing you away animation and it popped sooooo yeah I did it 9 times b4 that lol I'm not even embarrassed that girl got ass lol
i collect achievements if i see one missing i Will get it or see tutorial online
Outside XBOX and Andy is holding a PS4 controller... 🙄 traitor
another great list but i have been wondering why you don't merge this channel and OutsideXtra together and just cover all systems after all even in this video half of the games were the PS version
"An arrow in the knee" was a term for getting married. Quite fitting.
Omg is that Majima? I felt bad for beating his ass at first, but when he got stronger and started using those dirty moves I stopped feeling bad 😁😂
Yakuza 6 also have a trophy for taking part in a video cam session.....and I have that too.
Yeet actually first for once! Wait nevermind
World of Warcraft has several of those like "Stood in the Fire" for dying to the dragon Deathwing or "Staying Regular" for relieving ourself in our Garrison outhouse on Draenor. 

On the other hand considering Warlords of Draenor came out in 2014, 10 years after the release of the original game and featured the first usable toilets the most impressive feat is that we were able to hold it in for 10 years.
Every platimum trophy on ps4, I get them and I'm excited at first, but I always look back a week later and ask myself, did I really need to spend that extra 20 hours getting 100% on lego marvel
I 100% nier automata, and had too look up how to do that achievement. Sitting there doing it ten times in a row was not my proudest moment
I have no show for prey. I thought I was clever lol
Ah yes, Stealthy Medium and Explosion, the three major allignments
You guys don’t give yakuza enough love on your channel
I'm a gamer. I have no shame!





I was joking, before anyone starts trying to shame or mock me.
Does watching every OX video multiple times count as an achievement?
So Jane, you say that the guards in the Elder Scrolls games are super easy to get away from, right?  Then why do I seem to remember an Outside Xtra video about housing mods where a group of city guards pursued Kippers not only outside the city, but also UP A TREE!!!
what about the achievement for jumping in a hole because Wesley told you to on portal 2..   or  taking your own OS-chip out in Neir: automata (wait.. I'm not sure that was a achevement)
Those Elder Scrolls guards? Amateurs. Now, the guards of the Cyrodillic Authority...Nigh inescapable.
i didnt even know u had a watch him u learn something knew every day
Stealthy, screwdriverey, and Mike!
Luckily the Hentai games on steam don't seem to have achievements...  now to find a way to hide my profile activity...
Ahh yes, the "What are you doing?" trophy, the one I got truly by accident
As of what it was I was doing? Trying to talk to Engels, tall toaster set me up I tell you!
And the achievement in outlast by be scared by a plant? That's really funny.
У тебя есть плагиат в России
3:43 Have you seen the women though? It's TOTALLY worth the shame! 😅
Fable 2 swinger.
Outside Xbox 

PlayStation trophies
On an unrelated topic, how hard is it to platinum Yakuza 0?
If you aren't looking up a skirt on the first occasion you get control of the camera, you are an embarrassment to mankind.
2:37 oh you do Mike, you do... creepy smile
I always felt a special kind of joy for achieving the "Lemming award" in N64 Goldeneye, for blowing yourself up the most number of times
How dare you besmirch the name of bubsy the bobcat!!!
"Really good at Hitman?" I notice the ghost mode videos aren't there
WhatCulture steals list idea... OX: "ok, we'll just do part 2 then."
You just inspired some Indie pricks to remaster the Bubsy games. I hope you're happy with yourselves.
Yay a part 2 😁
Goro Majima as the thumbnail of a mainstream gaming channel? Omg Yakuza is finally getting the recognition it deserves!
I'll Be Back for Detroit Become Human is pretty bad. You have to kill Connor at EVERY possible opportunity before the end of the game. Which means you have to do it 10-11 times.


Suspect in Custody also comes to mind for Persona 5 Dancing. Fail a level.
The crappin forte trophy in South Park the fractured but whole is given for using every toilet in South Park
You could see this as a good thing but I’m not sure everyone will
Completists want *everything*.
Hoo boy, when I saw Majima there, I knew what was comming
oh please you are so casual if you avoiding Embarrassing Achievements/Trophies.
Yes, I died to the helicopter blades in Prey and I'm not ashamed to say it!!!
Reupload???
List idea.  Side Characters who need their own game.
1 embarrassing achievement: being an xbox fanboy
Speaking of Hitman Andy, any chance of us seeing you and mike go head to head on the new ghost mode map?
horay for the return of a classic.
Arrow to the knee means getting married.
I once got an achievement for losing 5 straight online Dead or Alive matches- I choose to blame it on lag rather than my lack of skill....
I think I'd give Jane's office nap record a good nudge.
Is that a PS4 controller you are holding 4:24
It's not so much an achievement I don't want, but it is rather embarrassing that my only platinum trophy is tales from the borderlands. 

Or it was for a long time, anyway. I platinumed Spyro the dragon when it came out.
arrow to the knee
That swimming certificate had me pausing the video so I could finish laughing!
Taking an arrow to the knee = getting married.
a classic... REBORN
Oh yeah another classic part 2.
it's a combat skirt!
I went for that Indecent Exposure achievement during the Game Pass quest last month. The sheer difficulty of finding a belt to steal meant that I just gave up and played further into the story instead.
9:53 "it's a combat skirt!"
That Bubsy burn xD.
its funny because after 4. i got a yakuza 2 ad
It's like the achievement's in SCP secret laboratory, such as is it your first time which is gained bh dying to SCP 173 or gravity works here for falling to your death
Ay if you want that 100% completion you gotta do what you gotta do. 👍👍👍
With Yakuza I didn't realize it was porn.
Bubsy might not get remasters but he did get a sequel not too long ago - maybe even last year, I don't remember
I've never played Yakuza 0, but now I want to.
Took an arrow in the knee basically means they got married
that surgery completed at 8:40 tho
I got that first achievement
I actually got the Nier Automata one by "accident". I assume it glitched or something since it was in the 2B or 9S room (on the space station, which is 2D movement), 2B suddenly started doing that swatting with hand animation various times while I was like WTF. After a bit the trophy popped up and when I went to read the description knew what I thought was an idle dancing animation really was... 😅
8:02 you're wrong, they actually did remaster them
I got a 100% in Nier Automata.  I regret nothing.
Technically speaking 2B doesn't really need clothes at all given she's a robot.
I haven't got it yet but for new achievements the "Please Turn In Your Badge" for Ace Attorney is one. Though a joke, I suspect some geniunely answered that!!


The Nier Automata one takes a bit of effort (and patience) to actually get. I couldn't figure out to get the achievement, so I ended up looking up how to get it. Considering you can actually see 2B's underwear without looking up, she sure has a problem when you do. Also what about the "Not That I Mind" one as well, though that's not as bad.
Sudden urge to get yakuza zero thanks
...orrrr just jump into the blades like my friend did! Lol
9:55 "Hey! It's not a dress, it's a combat skirt!"
Only 12.5% of players on Steam have looked up 2B's skirt 10 times. Oddly low amount lol.
The Arrow to the knee part is not about injury but that they rather found the one the settle down with and got married. every thing else funny and lovely to have seen.
That surgeon one kinda takes some effort tho.
Wow this is the first time I have seen 2B in a proper gameplay way
I have 100% completion for Nier, does that excuse me? 😁😁😁
Longest nap? God, Jane is so cool.
I got the one in: NieR Automata, yakuza 0, crash, and prey
I've mever played any of these games in my life, lol.
Remember when outside Xbox could fill their lists without having a ps4 exclusive? Me neither....
I'm sure a Dr. Jones has something to say about that title you gave to Laura.
Hahahaha omg I died laughing at the Nier Automata achieve! Yes I did that!
1:37 this was a hilarious video! I'd get the game just to fill my own elevator.
How about the Turok Rage Wars broken shield medal?
Well... if 2B wears a skirt that short... maybe it's because she wants to give you the achievement?
The only embarrassing cheevo I have is a progress one from Duke Nukem Forever... once I realized that, my friend (who bought the game) said, "That's why I wanted to try it on your account."


MAAAAAAAAAARC!!!!!!
What about you chose poorly from baldurs gate you get it for getting a riddle that you’re basically told the answer to wrong 
I’ve only got it cause I was curious about what happened if you lost a companions soul to a demon honest
It's a combat skirt
Now I want to get my Ph.D
In prey I killed myself after the helicopter ride
Mike don't worry you are doing a great job....yust look at those likes and clicks. So what you should actually be doing is....upload even more stuff on the internet so that evryone can see.
This gave me an idea for a possible list for you guys: "X Times You Thought You Were doing Awesome, Only to End Up Embarrasing Yourself"... counting all the times - as players - you believed you were owning the game and than received a slap in the face because a different route didn't make you look like a moron ^^'
The sequel more anticipated than half life 3
I don't care, gimme some gamerscore and I'll do it 🤣🤣🤣
Now they HAVE to do a Bubsy remake! Take my money!
Have you ever tried to look up into agent 47's suit Andy?
Your controller is not even on.noob
2:44 I just got this trophy yesterday lol
I got all the Crash nad achivements
err Trophies...
Speaking of NieR: Automata what about the Not that I mind achievement where you have to play as 9S in his boxers for an extended period of time?
Never played any of the Lora Croft games but I probably would achieve that trophy of the one who died the most because I die a lot in game.
4:00 "Phew!" ...Tissues. Ewww.
No1 is owning an x box.
Sunless Sea's Never Stop Sinking achievement, in which you die ten times in row. I know I suck game, don't remind me...
I reeaaaally need to go beat Yakuza 0...still haven't done that yet...
The only embarrassing achievement I have on my account is the one you can't avoid getting at the beginning of Mindjack.

Because Mindjack was terrible and I'm ashamed I even rented it.
Heavy Rain
I like these and PlayStation Access Friday Features as it means the weekend is close. You should do a cross over at some point.
you can't unlock those achievements if you never played the games. :)
Mafia 3, Getting eaten by alligators is still not on my list, thank frick
Yakuza 0 needs a Porn% speedrun where the goal is to make it as quickly as possible to the sexy video.
Just autodestruct 2B lol
Jane is such a mood
The first thing i do in any video game is try to get killed as soon as possible. In as many ways as possible. It's a valuable thing to know what happens when i die. (If i die is important too)
That way i know better how to not get killed when i actually start playing. ;)
Nobody would question the sexy video achivement if I ever played Yakuza, because all my friends know I’m gay.
Surgeon Simulator really missed out by not having an achievement called "the red thing's connected to my... wristwatch!" In fact, that whole game should be remade with Dr. Nick Riviera as the main character. Biggest missed opportunity ever!
Most time spent in the penalty box and I was the only guy to ever take my skate off & try to stab somebody
In a Hat in Time, there’s a part where you can type things into a computer.

If you type in “Porn”, you unlock the achievement called “Why?” XD
Lara Croft, the most extreme archeology graduate? I wish there was a Tombraider game wher you can see that Lara got a D- in history.
What about Consolation Prize in TF2 - Get backstabbed 50 times as sniper, that one sucked...
Funny how when i played prey for the first time that was my first trophy...
I got a certificate for my first haircut
I need Andy's shirt tbh
Everything In Yakuza 0 is creepy and weird.
In the game no more room in hell has a achievement call hands off my man
Some of us are proud of our pervy achievements. It's things like Worst Day-Shift Manager Ever that bring us shame.
Fun fact, the action you perform for Neir Automata's achievement is part of the speedruning strat, so you can say you were just speedruning the game. I know because thats how I got mine, I swear.
I died to the helicopter accidentally
It’s a combat skirt
Don't let the pretty girls fool you. The 🐈 league trophy is super frustrating
No such thing as an embarrassing trophy. I wear my weird ones with pride 😂
Andy andy.... You tell me It's a 3 ways to play, but I see Hitman escalation.
Don't you mean "Stealthy, Medium, and Mike Channell"?
Most times resuscitated loool
Majima in the thumbnail? Despite not being on any Xbox consoles?
All this video did was make me feel bad about that time I was playing N+ and got an achievement for having died for the thousandth time. 😅
Occupational Hazard; apparent-knee...
"It's in. It's in i tell you" is what pewdiepie said on his surgeon simulator video.
I would love to go bowling with Jane
This list is missing every single achievement from any of the Gal*Gun games
#6 reminds me of a time i peeked up the skirt of a character in an online RPG...and was VERY disappointed, the character model was HOLLOW! seriously, NO BUTT!
It's a PS4 game, but the game Zanki Zero: Last Beginning has a trophy called "Shame" that you can achieve after you "Had your first bathroom accident." in the game.
Never thought I will ever see ESO on these vieos. Well done!
I got the What Are You Doing Achievement after being shown how looking up 2b's skirt lets you jump the gun and cheat your way to victory in the third Speed Star race.
What are you doing? is the achievement I delayed doing until the end. But god damn it a platinum is a platinum
I've platnumned 2 senran kagura games, I have no shame.
All achievements are good achievements
Take an arrow on the knee was a metaphor for getting married. Not really about injury.
Don't be sad, Andy. Be proud. Proud that it took you all the way until the ambulance to get that Surgeon Simulator achievement, and it didn't come a few weeks before your first sucessful surgery achievement like mine did
I did get the Nier Automata shamechievemnt by accident.
Andy isn’t ashamed of his Hitman performance? What about the whole ghost mode fiasco? Or has he effectively blocked that from his memory at this point.
Look, I'm just glad Yakuza 0 didn't have an achievement for watching all the videos. Not that I'd know...
12:29 I can’t help but be reminded of an old Dr. Who quote: 

“You are superior in only one respect!”

“What is that?”

“You are better at dying...”
2:36 - Yes Mike, yes you do... <.<
12:16


Roman is typing...
Oh I sure hope the fish ending is in here.
This is what happens when you go “outside”! Killled by helicopter!
Thankfully, the concept of "embarrassing achievements" doesn't exist if you're a completionist.
That surgery sim looks like it's happening in freefall.
What about having a “romantic evening” inside the Hotel Kumasutra in Danganrompa V3. Good luck explaining that away....
I got the crash achievement
Just tell ur friends ur a completionist
Jane feels attacked.  Also Devil May Cry's method of unlocking easy mode has to be on this list.
I love how the wristwatch is a fairly accurate depiction of a Casio Databank, the stereotypical wristwatch doctors used to have in the 90s.
Is there anyone who actually gets the "arrow to the knee" joke
The sequel everyone asked for
Are you guys making this videp sp you can claim you got the achievements for the purpose of tbis video?
I bet Jane's glad Roman from GTA IV isn't real...or IS he?!
Much like on the Steam version of HuniePop, where you get the Beastiality achievement for simply talking to a girl who is cosplaying as a cat humaniod.
Don't forget the OTHER Nier trophy where you have to have 9S run around in his underwear for quite some time...its an equal opportunity trophy, underwear trophies for all!
The Prey thing is funny because the team jokes about it being silly gathering random stuff, when the game has a mechanic that rewards you for gathering stuff together.
No show is my favorite
giggles All of the furniture must be taken to work with you, eh? Welp, if they didn't want you to move it. . . Also Andy's description of how you guys play Hitman is both hilarious and so very, VERY true XD "Stealthy, Medium, Explosions" has to be the name of one of your videos now.
I get outsidexbox and what culture confused
Top 7 assassins with jacked-up backgrounds...... Like that one lady from Suikoden 5 who was disciplined to always smile, ALL THE TIME. Even in sleep, when killing someone, etc....
I could have sworn this was the third time they've done a video like this.
Gawd Jane is so hott
omg finally someone else who hates bowling, the amount of looks i get when i say tht, ud think there was nothing better than bowling
What about the cod ghost achievement where you have to get hit in the face with a printer
The Prey thing is the first thing I did
Black craft cult eh?
I thought in the end card he would say for three ways to play, stealthy, mediocre, and Mike
Another one they could of called the Lara Croft one is...."LEEEEERRRROOOOYYYYY JENKINS!"
I only care for the pointless, pervy, or maccabre. These videos are my favorite
gamerscore is gamerscore
Well i do have that one for nier, but i also have the plat
I have no idea what achievements I get I have the notifications turned off.
I'm here for Majima.
Can your friends do this?
Dobs orphanage is the worst trophy/ achievement you can get....
Is it bad that I have all of these
2b is a robit, she has subdermal armor. the dress is for show
i can explain........i'm a pervert :(
Those Crash ones... I have them all...
I tried to play the Elder Scrolls once. I had so much fun but I couldn’t finish it because I took an arrow.... In the knee.....
Judge. Judge. Judge. Judge. Judge.
I don't care. Achievement is achievement. If I get closer to platinum or an equivalent I will do it.
As a lifeguard I have to say this: you being resuscitated multiple times is a failure on the lifeguard’s part. They should’ve gotten to you before you went unconscious.
I got all because I like to fully complete my games
I got the Prey achievement because it thought it'd be funny.  Since I played the demo I had already done the opening so I wanted to see if could die to the helicopter blades.
wait doesn't everyone look up skirts in games at some point.... female or male?
In case you didn't know, those are actual Japanese pornstars in Yakuza 0
I don't even play P.C. or Console games
Theres an achivement in fallout 4 called touchdown, i think you get it when you get hit by the mini nuke by an enemy 😅
Fun fact the arrow to the knee is a saying for marriage
I'm not even ashamed of looking up 2B's skirt, she has a fantastic butt.
Oh man I feel these so badly!
Inadvertently? It took me a week to find a belt to steal to get that trophy on Elder Scrolls.  Becoming Emperor took less time than that!
Is that a Playstation controller insideXbox?
tmw the Nier achievement is also one of the most highly obtained achievements in the Steam version at a whopping 99% achieved.

...then again, considering even the creator of the game himself encourages 2B lewds, I guess it would be even more weird if you  get that achievement....well, that and self destructing leaves her in a one piece that lets you admire her arse in its all it's glory, so at that point you might as well just cut the middle man.
Pssssht, that's cute. You guys think I have shame. I would proudly display those achievements :D
What elder scrolls game is that
Releasing a part 2 video almost six years after the first one must be an embarrassing achievement...
honestly i have so many embarrassing acheivements by now , it really stops being embarrassing after the third or forth one and you just stop caring about it
Yes bowling sucks big time.
Eleventh!
The only watchable thing on trending.
I instinctually jumped after the helicoptor landed in Prey and because of the cut scene I jumped while standing, this gave me just to have the very top my hit the helicopter blades. That the of how I got the no show achievement.
Me being lazy is way too common
I got an ad for yakuza 2 at 4:24 What is this sorcery?
2B is properly a gynoid, not an android, because she's made in the image of a woman. 9S is the android.
i always goof around in games and if someone can see me and ask what stupid stuff i do, i say "i just doing it for the trophy" with the hope they dont ask what for a trophy cough cough
“arrow in the knee” is a term for marriage so no all the guards knees aren’t being targeted by the mafia they are just settling down 😂
If you have the lowest score while bowling and all the pizza is gone you ate the pizza. Oily fingers and bowling balls dont mix.
Guess those rare achievements are not rare anymore
well, I haven't done this an excessive amount of times, but nier automatta already makes it really easy for an upskirt. Just landing with a certain attack has 2B literally spread her legs up toward the camera. Don't know if this triggers the achievement cause, the moment I stumbled upon this, I'll admit I was curious. Though she mostly looks like a plastic manikin in that region (cause android/censors). So it's not like there's much worth looking at anyway.
It's kinda fun seeing which achievements they own up to as their own and which ones "some people" get.
Nier automata <3
7:58 someone made a bubsy game on modern consoles.
The only thing you absolutely DONT want is an uneven gamer score by some sadist developer giving an uneven gamerscore achievement
"Our speciality Hitman 3 ways to play: stealthy, medium, and explosions." Jane needs to find a hitman calling card... maybe collectables? IShe seems to play the way I do "should I take this? yeah, I may need it later."
But if you need it for the full gamer score or the platinum of course you have to do it, even if you don't actually get everything, ever.
Seems unfair for the developers of Nier Automata to tease players for wanting to look up 2B's skirt, especially when the option already exists to play without a skirt on to cover 2B's perfect ass that they themselves designed.
I actually have like 90% of nier:automatas achievements and I didn't know that one... and NOT gonna go and get. I mean the game keeps statistics on how long you have played without clothes and that's bad as is.
0.60% that's it????
How about that other NieR:Automata achievement “Not that I mind” where you have to deliberately self-destruct and play as 9S in his boxers for an hour?
Our Little Secret from Prince of Persia Forgotten Sands.
You turn the difficulty down from Normal to Easy and get an achievement for it and you can't turn it back to normal so you're stuck on easy mode unless you restart the game!
No show is the reason why i bought the game
In addition to the "What are you doing?" achievement in Nier: Automata, 9S has a similar achievement with "Not that I Mind...". You gotta self destruct  and then run around in underwear for an hour.
You forgot “my hand slipped again” in the popular styling app love Nikki, where you earn it by “accidentally” liking your own competition entry...twice.
7:12 and they Wont stop coming and they Wont stop coming and they Wont stop coming and they Wont stop coming and they Wont stop coming and they Wont stop coming and they Wont stop coming and they Wont stop coming


You get the drill...
Speaking of Prey anybody else have a Bioshock Deja Vu with Prey ??
Hey I just realised a glitch(not actually sure if this is a glitch) that became a feature was the mimic in prey accidentally knocking the bin it is mimicking down the stairs
I found the nier automata achievement had to get cause you don't have to just look up her skirt (easy) but also stop in the same sport unmoving to do so
Um, I went out of my way for that ESO achievement, what does that say about me? 😅
Shame? Pfft, i know of no such thing.
Dude stop referring to the prey character as her the player can pick male or female
Literally none of these are embarrassing
Conspiracy Theory: Skyrim healers and doctors are shooting people in the knee (because it's not lethal) so they can get more money. Apparently an early Norwegian decree says that you have to pay extra for each bone removed from a wound. (credits to Game theory)
"This Is Dark Souls" "You died in Dark Souls 2." 😡😡😡
How about Hotline Miami 2? Where you get an achievement called KARMA, for Dying a 1000 times. OOF
What game is the first one
I got the Prey one. It actually makes sense in a meta way. You know everything is fake so I was wondering just how fake everything was. So, what better way to test a fake universe than to climb onto the clearly fake helicopter and poke the clearly fake helicopter blades with... Oh... Hey wait! ACHIEVEMENT!!!


Hey, I laughed for at least 2 minutes :D
Shower With Your Dad Simulator  "You actually opened a game called "Shower With Your Dad Simulator 2015." What will your friends think?!?" - Actual achievement.
When did Outside XBOX start showing trophies from PS?
What about the hardcore insane mode that wasn't so hardcore? I'm thinking about the Insanity Mode from Far Cry 3. That was completely laughable and not at all insane... or even hard
GTA online, getting the in-game Award: Lapping it Up 
Purchase private dances from each stripper at the strip club until they become contacts on your phone.
It was the first "Award" I earned after tranfering my account to the ps4. >facepalm<
Pssst... "Hecking" isn't a word. And neither is "Helling".
I have to say, being an ‘80s child, that opening song while sitting in the helicopter in Prey is an absolute banger.
What about mark of shame in no heros allowd or what ever that ps vr game is called
7:17 that’s a simpsons reference isn’t it?
4:47 didn't know that was even possible to get that as an achievement now I'm almost tempted to try
If there is a way to die in a video game someone will do it on purpose.
Hammers
I heard taking an "arrow in the knee" means getting married, anybody wanna confirm or deny that?
There is also a video on the channel that shows that Andy's a liar and it is in fact Mike who is the best at Hitman. No wonder he's always trying to take Mike out irl.
Bubsy the Bobcat would never do you like that. Because he’s dead.
I did the Prey one by accident while playing the demo, so I didnt even get those sweet sweet points
In Nier Automata you can buy the achievements. I bought the Platinum, sure that there was no way it would give me the actual PS4 trophy. But it did, so I bought the rest. So yeah you actually have an excuse for getting "what are you doing?"
Please for the love of God stop the puns
I hate the chair,  where you sitting not looking at us.  Soon as YouTube recommends the video I down vote it
It's 1am and for some reason I have a huge craving for pizza for some reason
Prey was awful
Is Andy's embarrassing achievement that hitman level he 5-starred on easy mode ?
There has GOT to be an achievement out there that tells you to play golf when you get the lowest score! Is there? PLEASE tell me there is an achievement out there that tells you to play golf because you got the lowest score!
Hey Majima dies after Yakuza 0, doesn't he? he's allowed to see boobs if he wants and shouldn't be ashamed of it
Regarding the Skyrim guards: "take an arrow to the knee" supposedly was an old slang for getting married, somehow related to kneeling while proposing. I think it never got confirmed and probably was a flat out lie but a creative one. After hearing it at least now i think the guards have a happy life at home intead of chronic knee pain ^^
It’s called a Combat Skirt.
Two of the games show have Xbox One versions, and yet you show the trophies being unlocked... definitely OUTSIDE Xbox on this one 😛
Oh hey Majima
First time you die in Lords of the Fallen
The command&conquer tiberian wars actually has negative achievements even worse is some of them are tough
I only have two questions about this. Are these achievements really that embarrassing and does some one care?
Just the surgeon simulator music and all I can think of is jack dancing to it
Memories of whiteout in cod ghosts
Has Killer7 made a list, or will it ever?
My friend went on my PC and steam to search for a game to play and since I'd been playing Yakuza 0 at the time, he saw that achievement and how I didn't unlock it.
He then went to play game and unlocked it.
I love getting achievements/trophies that are embarrassing, especially south park stick of truth 😊
Worst part is in yakuza 0 you can get that achievement even if you don't actually look at any dubious videos...
Only options are to platinum the game or delete all traces of your account and burn the console. ....probably worth it..
"Oh noes! I looked up a fictional character's skirt in a video game!" "Is that bad? They're entirely fictional and designed to be sexy." "Yes, it's bad, because maturity means being horrified by one's own sexuality."
I love some of Steam achievements... the worst one I ever got though was the achievement for Slime Rancher that you get when you throw a chick into the incinerator...  I felt so bad for that one, mainly because I only did it to get the achievement. 😅
Taking an arrow to the knee is ancient slang for getting married. Those guards' wives demanded they get stable, non-adventuring, less dangerous, steady paying jobs.
the stupidest achievement I have ever seen in my life is the GTA 5 achievement get eaten by a shark in the story mode and because of that it is also my favorite
Crusader Kings 2, like half of them. Theres the one for having an inbred child, or the one for becoming the saoshyant as a zoroastrian, which doesnt sound too bad until you remember the main reason people play zoroastrians is the incest, lots of weird stuff in that game
The Japan Catfight Club is probably the worst minigame in Yakuza 0, not because it's embarrassing, but because it's extremely RNG-dependent and frustrating and I don't like it
You don't have to die in ESO to get the Indecent Exposure achievement. You have the option to pay the bounty. When you do that, you lose the amount of the money required by the bounty as well as any stolen items in your inventory, including any stolen items you're wearing. If you're wearing a complete set of stolen gear (except weapons and jewelry), they'll all be taken, and you'll get the achievement. I specifically hunted this achievement on several characters. Since one or two of the pieces (belts come to mind) are harder to find as stolen pieces, it can be a chore to complete. Regardless, you have to equip them all, so you'll never get this achievement by accident. With this in mind, I wouldn't include this in a list of embarrassing achievements.
What’s the other one called, taliban jk
Looks like I’m gonna have to play Prey again.
Man what about the stick of truth were you have to watch ur parents have sex for a minute straight that’s a great achievement
No one is embarrassed you flogs lol 
If you want all achievements it's things you need to do.
Hay some of us are proud of pervy achievements xD I got named perv of the year 3 years in a row in my clan I also get the most tang becuse if it >:3 believe it or not girls are like birds they like shiny stuff and I stand out like a sore thumb xD
You don’t get the surgeon simulator achievement from putting the heart in upside down. You get it from holding it over the body cavity such that you run out of time and fail, but when you drop the heart during the failure screen, it falls into the body cavity. That’s why it’s called “it’s in, it’s in I tell you.” Because you complete the surgery after you’ve already lost. Achievement hunter has a walkthrough in surgeon simulator if you’re interested.
This video made me remember "Was that really necessary?" from modern Tomb Raider... How dare the game try to shame me for blowing up a bear with grenade arrows? Yes! It was necessary
Mike - of course you have to post EVERYTHING on Youtube - it's funny, plus if you don't, the phrase "Oops, I just did a Mike" would lose all meaning...
lmao ISIS
There's a counterpart achievement in NieR Automata where if you play as 9S in his boxers for an hour it gives you one called "Not That I Mind..." but, honest to god, I genuinely couldn't tell he was in his underwear. They look like slightly shorter shorts on a boy who's already wearing shorts and they're the same exact color as his regular shorts. 

My trophy popped when I was in the middle of a hacking minigame to boot, which made it even  confusing because I kept dying and I thought it was because I sucked at the hacking minigame.
I use my negativity and my negative thinking to make people laugh because it's surprising
I swear to God that I got the Nier: Automata one by accident. I knew it was there and, I won’t lie, actually tried to do it at least once during the prologue, but I had no idea what it actually looked like in-game or even what it was called. So when the game glitched out on me on the space station trapping 2B in this dance-like motion long enough to trigger an achievement for discovering her “secret” I didn’t think much of it until I googled it. And, yeah... 😂
These are the sort of achievements where, when you get them, you have to do 100 % of the rest of the achievement so it looks like you intentionally got the embarassing achievement.
Yeah, these 'achievements' are totally not worth it at all, anywhere, I would rather have zero gamerscore than some of these awards. Rather embarrasing actually, Im sorry.
I have no shame when it comes to achievements. It’s the ones that give you zero points that annoy me.
Was there any other view in NieR:Automata other than upskirt? 🤔 Can't remember
Sup
$10 says Lollipop Chainsaw is on here.

10:24-10:30 just lost that bet
Playstation does have the option to hide a full game's trophy list from others seeing it. I'm just curious when they'll start doing that automatically with their new, 'undocumented' content restrictions.
Andy's Thought Process: "Oh no, I got the '... I did it for the trophy' trophy! How do I explain this to my friends and family?! Hmm ... What if I make a whole video about embarrassing trophies, and then they'll think ... I did it for the video!" starts making list
SHAME! SHAME!
I thought the surgeon sim achievement was a reference to pewdiepie so it was top priority for my 12 year old self
Just one thing...You should not be embarrased to get a "watch a sexy video" trophy in a video game that has NEVER taken itself too seriously. It is the softest core "porn" of all time and is clearly worth doing just for a trophy. What kind of friends do you have that would be angry that you watched a fake porn in a video game? I understand this is the point of the video but if someone got angry at me for doing that in a game...Then they are not worth my time in real life and can shuffle away. As soon as someone gets upset about your trophies you know that person is not even worth chilling with.
Even its embarrassing achievement a true gamer with still get it not even joking.
Oh I’m pretty sure the suicide achievement in prey accidentally
I thought you play a dude in prey
I'm here cause I saw Majima's face. It being an Oxvideo was a delightful bonus
Achievements I don't mind having, but didn't need telling I'd unlocked: proficient apprentice forester; master apprentice forester; proficient apprentice prospector; master apprentice prospector; proficient journeyman forester; proficient expert forester; master journeyman forester; proficient journeyman prospector; master expert forester; master journeyman prospector; proficient expert prospector; proficient artisan forester; master expert prospector; master artisan forester; proficient artisan prospector; master artisan prospector; proficient master forester; proficient master prospector; master master forester; master master prospector; proficient supreme forester; proficient supreme prospector; master supreme forester; master supreme prospector ... 

... for 12 tiers of each of 3 professions on each character. 

 pop-up has a little tick-box you can use to opt out of being told that that  character has made  profession again. 

There is no tick-box for "Dude, I've got the crafting dialogue window open and the way the brown progress bar is replaced by a solid brown anvil and a gold progress bar and an empty brown progress bar appears for the next tier down the list is an adequate indicator of progress, so you don't have to tell me about the future tiers either." You make that progress, you get  you made that progress. 

I really don't mind everyone else knowing I'm a Master Anorién Woodworker, Master Westemnet Metalsmith, Proficient Westemnet Jeweller and Master Eastemnet Cook. I just don't want the game to tell  about it.
What am I doing?

Which is worse, legitimately unlocking it or buying it?
If have no shame at all ten this list is pretty redundant also, the chainsaw lollipop thing is always done deliberately so you people need to stop giving such a shit about others thinking bad of you when you do shameless things.
There is a game i can't remember that gives an achievement for 5 suicides.
y e s
The internet may be forever Mike,  but on the bright side eventually everyone who ever saw your embarrassing videos will either forget or be dead. So all you have to do is find a way to out-live us all. I mean how hard can that be?
I miss Bubsy
@outsidexbox you were wrong about me not wanting the chainsaw lollipop achievement, it's the only reason I played the game 😂 it's the ultimate gimmick and I legit gave my stepbro his copy back after I got it. I hope I liked that vid btw 😂😂😂😂
Май диг, ис биг.
In sims 4, there are a an achievement name-no excuse. To unlock this achievement, a sim must have a bladder fail on a lot with more than 5 toilets. I think this is a very funny achievment
what about the "panty thief" and "pervert" achievements from the steam game Epic Battle Fantasy 4?
3:49 only bronze I’m insulted.
Andy can't swim? But he lives on an Island!
There are real religions (typically worshipping trickster gods) in which wearing stolen clothing is a devotional display. (No, onlookers don't need to know it's stolen.)
outsidexbox really out here making "arrow to the knee" jokes 8 years after those jokes died.
I’m sorry, you can turn into a coffee cup in Prey? Tell me again why a. This isn’t on the back of the box and b. It’s not game of the decade? I need to play this now...
7 times you can glitch a game to your advantage, Pokemon Yellow Level 100 Nidoking etc before brock or missingo, Zelda ocarina of time speedrun torch glitch, FF12 henne mines leveling trick, FF15 ring of lucii adamantoise, FF type 0 change time level up, GTA online lester hanger trick.
You know what I would love to watch? A making of for one of your list videos! :)
Hey guys, I got a nifty new watch from Jane.     It looks exactly like Andy's watch.
I'm sorry, but at 4:22 the light for the ps4 controller isn't even on. I get it's acting but still... it really hurt to see and completely took me out of my attention to the topics for the video
Have you guys seriously not learned by now that "arrow to the knee" just means married?
What is wrong with you?
From AC Syndicate. You had to murder horses, everyone knows you killed horses...
Funny how the embarrassing bit about 2B's achievement is, not knowing you can self destruct and blow that skirt clean off ... right? :P
I could be wrong, but isnt morgan yu a guy?
Maybe start using the REAL joke context of the arrow in the knee Jane. "Arrow in the knee" was an old time saying indicating that a person who was a soldier, fighter, adventurer, or any other dangerous profession has since then retired from that way of life, because they got married. The wife is the arrow.
If you'd get trophies for watching porn irl, I'd need a bigger house...
I have 0 of these but only because I've only ever played, let alone had, the last one and it was always alone due to not having Xbox live or anybody who wanted to play it with me while I had it.  If it wasn't for that I would have actually tried to get all of these.
I had a terrible nightmare today, what if outside XBox, there is just another bigger XBox??
Where's the lolipop chainsaw achievement where you try to look under her skirt you get the I swear I did it by accident?!?!
Fun fact: Surgeon Simulator’s achievement “It’s In! It’s In I Tell You!” is based off a PewDiePie video.
Hey the achievement for "its in its in i tell you" was a pewdiepie reference so i dont find it that embarrasing
Fun fact: taking an arrow in the knee used to be an analogy for getting married.
Hang on no south park stick of truth? perverted is an achievement for watching your parents have sex for 60 second on top of that it's a secret achievement try explaining that one.
You guys are wankers... any Achievement hunter will do what it takes to get 100%. But I'm guessing you're trying to turn this into a joke? Sigh, obviously appealing to 10 year olds.
If there had been an achievement for repeatedly visiting prostitute in The Witcher 3 this 30ish female would have had to delete her account in shame. :D
It's not as embarrassing if you're getting paid to put those videos up. Although it does put you on a level with people like Jake Paul (and I am not embarrassed that I had to google if I had the right name.)
R
So I was wondering why the Gandhara segment had real women on the menu when youre selecting tapes (as I thought itd just be something like made up models) so I searched a bit and turns out that they're real pornographic actresses, which pretty much makes it somewhat embarrassing to even search how to unlock the tapes as it makes it look like you're desperately trying to get your dose of porn from a video game.
00:27 Prey - Mike;
02:44 Yakuza 0 - Andy;
04:26 The Elder Scrolls Online - Jane;
06:10 Crash Bandicoot N Sane Trilogy - Mike;
 Surgeon Simulator 2013 - Andy;
 Nier Automata - Mike;
- Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris - Jane.
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐗⭕️❌
Although I do enjoy watching your videos, sometimes I feel the content is spoiled by the constant addition of "jokes" that aren't really that funny at all. In my opinion, they sound really unoriginal and forced for the most part, not relatable to the script. Not trying to hate but provide some feedback to something that could be improved easily. Wish you the best !
There's trophies in Yakuza 3 & 4 that can only be unlocked by knocking over 100 people - or, to put it another way, Yakuza 3 & 4 reward you for being so thoroughly un-British that you charge down the street with the express intention of knocking over 100 pedestrians in order to unlock a bronze trophy, and you don't even sheepishly apologise afterwards
I always thought the "It's in! It's in I tell you!" achievement in SS was a reference to Pewdiepie's videos of playing the game, where he says the exact same thing while trying to force the heart into place before failing and swearing in Swedish.
You know that whole "Arrow in the knee" is Nordic slang for Got Married.
An arrow to the knee means he got married not laterally lol
I am first!
Can we rename the channel “OutsidePlaystation”?
Is that guy on the thumbnail just Andy dressed as Corazon, I guess piracy in D&D wasn't paying as well as he hoped so he migrated into the Japanese mafia market
Latest indie release Forager has an achievement that is not something anyone is proud of getting.  It's called 'Monster' and all you have to do is murder a whole family of sweet, innocent radishes who love you.


There's a separate achievement for getting all the other ones, so it's really your call if you're going to finish it or not.
Usually, not all sequels are as good as the first. This is probably the only exception. 

9/10 Not enough PS4 Controllers.
(Like and/or Love if you know what the reference is.)
Thankfully I uninstalled Duke Nukem Forever before unlocking any achievements so nobody need ever know the embarrassing tale of how I paid real money for that game... unless this comment gets read out on Show of the Week of course.
It feels good to have none of these achievements.
First! Yeah!
To take an arrow to the knee is slang for getting married, as when one proposes one goes down on one knee, as one would if one had literally taken an arrow to the knee.

I thank whichever person commented this on some YouTube video I can't remember.
And now there shall be the account of PerviusTrophius69 who only has said achievements.
The beginning about running away made my brain immediately jump to Monty Python: 
"Brave Sir Jane ran away. 
Bravely ran away away. 
When zombies reared their ugly head, 
She bravely turned her tail and fled."
"Oh my Days!" - No Jane, it's "Oh my DayZ"
Jane: Oh it’s a screamer
-Andy: what does he do?
Jane: Screams

Oh Jane. That’s why we love you
"Would you want to spend the rest of eternity in sweatpants?"
I think you underestimate the amount of time I spend in pajamas. 😅
"The zombies the same shape as my friends"
You mean human shaped, Andy?
"Shame about the zombies; it's quite a nice looking place otherwise." Said so casually.
Jane: "Here's your problem: out of carburetor."
I know so little about cars I literally just nodded along. Mike would be disappointed with me.
Of course the zombies are trying to get past you Jane they're more afraid of you than you are of them
Jane shouts "Fire, Fire, Fire" and flames spill out onto the ground. Is everyone sure Prudence is just a character?
While the zombie apocalypse would be a downer for anyone, I'm sure this particular survivor is silently pleased that she had most of her Leon Kennedy cosplay with her when it all kicked off
24:56 - Mike. Jane summing up the age old qustion of "What is the exact opposite of stealth?" with perhaps the funniest deadpan one word answer only the OXBOXTRA community of loyal fans will truly get.
"Med kits for real human players", you'll regret that when you're in front of the A.I Overlord Firing Squad
I think Grenade Jane is my favorite Jane.  Nice to see her return from GTA heisting.  And getting attacked while snacking, no less.
"We're playing with AI characters, that's why we're being so mean"
That's why Skynet hates us...
How about you do a video on the 7 villains who weren't good at being villains?
"Tatsuo!" "Kaneda!" "Tatsuo!" "Kaneda! Wait, my name is Tetsuo, not Tatsuo." "TEEETTSSUUOOOO!" "KANEDA!"
Jane: "Hey Andy, what ya doing?"

Andy: "Just editing this video.."

Jane: "Cool, well prepare to defend yourself"

Andy: 
Move the payload, you say?

Overwatch Nam flashbacks ensue
Jane: don't shoot your team mates 
Andy: "sure"
Mike's dead, Luke and Ellen got fired, time for some Left 2 Dead.
FYI bullpup just means the firing mechanism and magazine are behind the trigger. The other one people get wrong all the time is thinking 'carbine' means something cool. Carbine just means the barrel is shorter than the normal version of the gun. Good for shooting from the hip, bad for marksmanship.


"Machete Whirlwind" would be an awesome ultimate!
Andys in Tyoko? He can finally return those kittens he "adopted" from that cat café!
My favourite zombie series is the yet-to-be-released (also yet-to-be-made) Dob's Innocent Orphan Victims Zombie Apocalypse - DIOVZA for short...
18:30 I fear the day when Jane becomes a Zombie Empress or something and control/command hordes of disciplined line zombies.
Your teammates sure seem to love walking in front of you while you’re firing your deadly automatic weapons.  How have they survived this long in the zombie apocalypse with self-preservation instincts like that?
I would like to see you guys play this in co-op!
Dont play with AI. Play multiplayer with all ox member pls. Add oxtra member to if posible. And do all of the level if possible
The zombie bus is comin' and everybody's runnin'
New York through Tokyo, now
A worldwide brainy chow down
Got barbed wire and wheels turnin' and Jane's character is burnin'
So if you like to party
Come on and bite somebody
A bus of spider tigers with accents that could be from anywhere!
22:59 Jane: Get involved. He's banging me on the floor.
Me: Hope he is using protection.
Jane: "It's the school bus"
Jane *quietly*: "It's too late for them"
23:00 "Bangin' me on the flooooor"

Uhm... Phrasing?
Actually, a shotgun is the perfect stealth weapon.
They can't hear the shot if it kills them
13:04  Jane gets grenades.
14:49 Jane throws a grenade at the bus she's supposed to be protecting.
Who had one minute, 45 seconds in the pool?
The Zombiebus is coming indeed.
Just FYI, the crossbow is a special weapon that goes into it’s own slot I believe. (As you can see during weapon switch, there are 3 slots). It also fires explosive bolts.
You both were so clueless towards the end. Jane went towards the area where there was a "HORDE INCOMING" indicator, and I cringed so hard when Jane was just standing in front of the horde, not shooting or retreating.
By doing that, you were just asking to get demolished by the zombie horde and that Lurker. I would have stayed close to where the soldiers were and hold off the horde.
I bet Andy has smurf accounts for overwatch. All of them mcree one trick
Best Zombie Series;

Plants vs Zombies
I enjoy State of Decay, which is odd in that I generally don't go for zombie games.
Yessssss!!!! I was hoping there would be a group play through of this!
8:30 Jane's a cappella venga bus rendition
Oh sweet better put on this biohazard suit to protect myself...OH GOD WHY IS IT FULL OF BIOHAZARDS?!!!
PRETTY SURE.... that those zombies felt threatened by Janes pressence and were acting in selfdefense.... thats the ONLY legit explanation why anyone would EVER approach Jane on free will... by feeling threatened by her existence. The evil aura she carries can be felt even by the undead.

(All jokes aside, love watching you guys and girls play ^_^ )
Why do I feel like Jane often ominously tells people to defend themselves?
Jane "Do you want to spend the rest of your life wearing sweatpants" That is my dream tbh
damn it spider bus, why cant you stay non destroyed
"Do you believe?"

A certain British 90's sitcom told that "I don't beeeeelieve it"


Rip mr bucket
Even when not in D&D she is still forever on fire
Game tip: Use silenced weapons to avoid detection.
Jane running full speed with a pistol out: STEALTH MISSION!
"I'm healing, screw you guys!" Is a pretty good summary of my multiplayer experience. Turns out I'm a bad team player y'all
The barbed wire bus is coming
And the zombies are swarming
So if you loved left 4 dead
You may enjoy world war zed
I usually don't watch other people gaming, but you guys are just too funny.
Keep it up!
When can we expect the 4 player coop video/live??
doesn't heal Hiroji 

5 seconds later 

"Help me Hiroji!!"
Jane "Oh my DayZ !"

Me "No, world war Z, wrong game"
Everyone shakes head in despair "Boo"
speaking of overwatch 
Jane =Ice demon mei 
Andy =mcree for obvious reasons 
Mike =junkrat because explosives
25:23 the zombie outfit conversation, glad we had it. (I'll go nude I think.)
Non explodable red stuff?!?!?! What the bell, videogame? We had an agreement and you had ONE JOB!!!
Refuses to heal Hiroji
Few minutes later: "Hiroji, save me!" meanwhile Hiroji is dead
Can we have a montage of all the times Jane has "accidentally" grenaded important things and friendlies?
I haven't seen a protagonist blasted to the ground by a stampede like that since Lion King
@5:39 it looks like Jane's eldritch powers are starting to bleed into real life, she can now summon fire at will.
Run.
Jane: "We have to save the bus of spiders. Two of every type."
Ellen: "No way you live. No way." but in an awesome Danny Glover style voice.
Moments later the xbox cable is yanked and everything cuts out. RIP bus of spiders.
its just left 4 dead 2 but in third person
wwz team: so we have all these cool names for our special infected
everyone: tank! hunter! spitter!
wwz team: actually they're-
everyone: TANK! HUNTER! SPITTER!
So it's Left 4 Dead with a 2013 Brad Pitt Zombie Movie skin?

The zombies move way too quick to be based on the Max Brooks books
Always having to remind Andy buses have three dimensions. lol
Watched this while playing state of decay 2.  Very hard to tell what's about to eat Jane and what's about to eat me.
Other directions: *exists
Andy & Jane: *ignored it
So snacks is the main reason none of Jane's plans have come to fruition yet
Does anyone else have these videos playing in the background while they play Games too? Its sorta like we're all hangin out. It cracks me up when their reactions line up with what im doing in my game lol.
"Machete Windmill" is the name of my new band!

First single: Zombs All Around
Dying Light! Best zombie game ever. Drop kicking zombies will NEVER get old!
i like state of decay best as a zombie survival series. even 2 with all of its shortcomings
Please play more! And it would be lovely if it were co-op 💙💚💜💛
oh my DayZ! 
shoot wrong game
I too suffer from the compulsion to tell anyone I'm gaming with to tactical reload every few seconds.
That's got to be a bus full of Sumo Wrestlers, who are being evacuated because Zombie Sumo Wrestlers would just be a nightmare sort of special infected to deal with.


Also - real question considering buying either World War Z or Division 2. I was a big fan of The Division and have never really played any Zombie shooters. - Which game provides the better experience?
What the hell, Jane! Not healing Hiroji like that!  NPC's lives matter too you know!
My favorite zombie series is State of Decay
LOVE this game.
Not first but I'm in the mix
...Did Jane just will a wall of fire into existence? Should we fear the implications this may have regarding the well-being of the rest of the OX crew?
Sergeant: "Remember your training; Wild, uncontrollable bursts!"
Corporal: "Who gave you that training?"
Sergeant: "A guy named Mike. He really seemed to kbnow what he was talking about. Now everyone prepare for the stealth section of the operation." ~charges into the distance, throwing grenades in random directions~
25:40 I live for that pensive "ohhh..."
The dangers of walking towards waypoints.
Andy was always looking for somebody who gets him.  Turns out it was a zombie wearing nothing but red jogging pants
"Help me out team! Team! TEAM."
Such a vivid reminder of why I stopped playing the Left 4 Dead series...
Man, they really love throwing those Hunters at you from corners you can't pie your way around, don't they?
Jane: "Sorry! Med kits are for real human players." 
Better delete that before the AI uprising.
I love your ability to make any game look fun
Slow moving bus covered in barbed wire? Lots of enemies in the way? I half expected to hear Andy shout "I CAST GREASE!"
"it's a school bus, it's too late for them" said Jane calmly and without remorse only the strong survive now
Could we see the Clair half of RE 2.
Who’s the Dev. I heard Jane say L4D, so is this’s Valve game?
@28:54 That's what we in the business call a "zombie speed bump."
L4D3's looking good.
Favourite zombie series? Gotta be the zombie orphans from Stop Hammer Time
When Jane and Andy don't recognize the Screamer icon and your trying to tell them through the screen...
Not first but I deserve something
Jane threw an accidental grenade? Again? Well at least it didnt blow up the bus or alert every enemy around this time
I had to look twice because this Tokyo map looks like they reused one of the inner city maps from Shadow Warrior 2. Alley ways and all.
I want to live in a world where everybody gets his own bullpup rifle, with short controlled bursts - from the bullpup rifle.
19:14: BEEF! BEEEEFFFF!
Facecams please? I'm sorry I just ....I love all of your faces 😅
There’s literally nothing original about this game lol
Jane takes to destroying her failed cloning experiments very well, don't you think?
BEEF! BEEEEFFF!
3 people

1 character AGAIN

THE ILLUMINATI KEEPS DOING IT AGAIN!
No local co-op, no sale for me. I’ll keep playing L4D2 with the wifey.
Note to self, "use Jane's love of snack to lure here to Hawaii so I don't eat snack by myself"
During last years Haloween Live stream Andy as Jason "Lets get that head off" and now the legs......... Someone really should check on Andy's health 😂
I just like you guys and gals to know, that every time Andy threw a grenade, on behalf of Luke I shouted "SEND IT CHEF!" 

Unfortunately I'm currently in a restaurant and the wait staff are eyeing me suspiciously now.
Wait, hang on. Did I just hear ANDY ask if stealth would have been the better option?
Left 4 Dead 3 looks good o3o
If this gameplay has taught me anything it's that aiming is optional
Ah yeah spider bus! Imagine Ellen just opening the door and spiders pouring out
Love you guys. Hate this game. 🙂
Jokes on everyone it’s Corazon driving the bus in his Spider-Tiger disguise!
It takes years for me to get bored of L4D2, this game got me bored after 2 weeks.
Dying Light is great!
Please can the three of you play online together!?
Left4Dead ripoff?
14:34 Instant karma xD
You guys have almost single handedly sold me on this game
29:07 Sorry, but that's what you get for not healing your teammates Jane. For being selfish!
the payload bus is coming
and everybody's running
Days Gone to State of Decay
a zombie genre getaway
Oh, her load bearing gear is all purple!  She bought that herself before the zombies
Left 4 Dead 3
What the heck is that twirly thing at about 19 mins?
Seems arcady... Not my cup of tea...
13:28 Well, as the ol' saying goes: "Give someone a fire, and you'll keep them warm for a night. Set someone on fire, and you'll keep them warm for the rest of their life."
I can't be held accountable, she was touching her face. I won't be held accountable, she feel in love in the first place.
Left 4 Zed
theres a video for you guys games where explosive looking red barrels were a lie
mass effect husks are the best zoms
Does alone in the dark count as a zombie game
I know the uzi stock kinda sucks, but it's better than nothing.  More games should use it.
Especially since you're already making it part of the model.
Watching the last bit, I’m beginning to understand why Jane and Andy are concerned about which kind of zombie they’ll be, rather than worrying about trying to survive uninfected 😂
It's Lucas the Spider driving.
This game looks like it was made by someone who was playing Left 4 Dead 2 and suddenly thought, "you know what I'd rather be playing?  Earth Defense Force."
The last of us is soon to be a series, so...
Zed not Zee : P
😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀-Sorry I'm just really happy today after catching up on a week's worth of Oxboxtra content
does COD BO3 zombies count?
Not sure wether to pick this game up or not, hmmm
Does this game have split screen. More specifically, can my friends both play on the same console while my brother and I both play over the internet and we all play a game together?
I like how all your teammates always have to be on the same side of the bus as you. They can't be bothered with saving the bus from the zombies on the other side until that's what you're doing. "...Why are we a team, again?"
Dying Light
World War Z The Game AKA Worse Left4Dead.
просто посмотрите Шиморо.  3000000 субстриков
Ellen was walking by and overheard that there was a bus full of spiders and immediately fled to LA.
Last of Us
Who paid you to play this abomination of a zombie-arena-shooter?
Give a man a fire and he's warm for the night. Set a man on fire and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Introducing Transport for London’s new marketing campaign to ensure motorists give right of way to buses: Deliver the Payload
Happy birthday Andy
The spiders could control the steering wheel with their webbing! Also, of course you have to protect the spiders, imagine how terrifying zombie spiders would be!
Looks fun but reviews aren't good
anyone else get a little bothered each time they called the enemy that's clearly a Charger a Tank?
Hmm I might have to get this...
Honestly .. looks like left 4 dead 3 xD ..
Did Andy just say that in response to zombie defence that he'd just felate him? 5:15
Obviously the reason you're escorting the spiders is because you don't want them to turn into zombie spiders.
Ashley from resident evil 4 is on that bus isn’t she lol
9:35 Jane: "It's all gone a bit wrong".
Well that's a bit underplaying it isn't it
Moving all the spiders to the incinerator? Was this operation overseen by Ellen?
First
I hope you guys do this again with a full team.
Why are you trying to save them? Because then they get infected.
Friends, have you considered zombie spiders? Who can also infect people with zombieism? Would you like to not consider it?
Protect that payload.
If it's anything like a normal bus, then there'll be six OAP's vying for your seat, twelve people listening to music just that little bit too loud and one snotty school kid who gives you the finger through the window. I say let the zombies have it.
Why in God's name did you not swap the pistol for a second rifle
Use the Machete
11:40 Just for Ellen, the Spider Bus is coming...
hello comments! one question:
i have £35, should i buy world war z or dead by daylight? 
i really enjoy watching people play dead by daylight but i much prefer games like left 4 dead (pve with some pvp modes). however, i haven’t heard great reviews about world war z so i’m a bit stuck.
whichever i decide to buy, i’ll have to wait quite a while to buy the other one, so i need a game that’s going to keep me entertained until then.
thanks!
Andy and Jane plus Zombies = utter chaos, what did people expect would happen ?
I'm Asian
Theory: Ellen started the Zombie apocalypse to kill all the spiders. She controls the zombies. That is why you are protecting a bus of spiders. These are the last spiders on earth. You must save them from Ellen's wrath.
Spider bus, spider bus,
Does whatever a spider bus can,
Can it swing, from a web?
No it can't, it's a bus.
Watch out! This bus is full of spiders.
Barbed wire doesn't work on zombies, they don't feel pain
I miss Dead Island but I like any zombie game, and movie
The bus you're escorting is actually full of Miles Morales Spider-Man fans, which is why they painted Spiders with afros on it.
I feel like we should rank our fave special infected, since every zombie game now has them. Personally a big fan of the screamers in state of decay 2. The torn off arms and mangled torso were creepy as hell.
So this is a reskinned left4dead. is it worth buying anyone?!?
Call of duty zombies!
🎶🎵hey now, hey now, fear what I say now! Dreadfulness is just around the corner! Hey now, hey now, fear what I say now! They’ll be here for you! The Spider-Bus is coming and Ellen will be running. London to Manchester, an intercity disaster. The webs of steel are turning. The screams will be blood curdling. And if this doesn’t go well, then I’ll say farewell 🎵🎶
Maybe the reason you are escorting a spider-bus is because spiders are essential for synthesising the cure. Maybe they found out really early on that the only cure for the zombie virus is to eat a live spider and the hordes of zombies are just the people who went "nope, I'd rather be undead"
Little grenade out?
Why no, treat yo self.
chucks grenade gleefully
Been playing a lot of this over the last few days with 2 friends. Apart from being really easy it's quite fun. I just need to convince a 3rd friend to get it now.
There’s 2 things zu don’t like about you. 1. XBox 2. It’s Zed not Zee. Apart from that your cool.
The only reason to save a bus full of spiders is to stop them from turning into zombie spiders.
WE MUST SAVE THE SPIDERS SO THEY CAN REPOPULATE!!!
Wouldn't it be too cruel if spiders get infected by zombie virus, as well... Haha. Ha ha. Heh.

KEEP THOSE ZOMBIES AWAY FROM THE SPIDER BUS!
The game would be way more interesting with you all (the Oxboxtra team) as special infected. Andy the stealthy cowboy surprise, Mike as a charging, exploding race driver, Jane as a scary smart zombie overseer with mental powers, Luke as a disguised zombie spy pretending to be a life human musician/bard, and Ellen mostly pasive zombie taking care of all the zombie cats and dogs around the city, just do not hit the animals by mistake or you will be in for a lot of fury and pain directed at you :) Add to every other zombie in the game the face of Johny (literally every one else in the world :P) and we can call it a special episode of OXventure D&D hehehe
I clicked on the video expecting a Tokyo new mission in wwZ :(
@4:25 "Here's your problem; not enough carburettor." The only thing missing here is Mike to get annoyed.



But at least I had a complete riot at this for some reason so the joke wasn't wasted :D
I'm from Australia, and yes i watched your video covering this, but its still Zed :P
awesome jane!!! are you the same jane running the gas station in ldoe??lol love hearing women play...
First!
I wish i can play any game in xbox 360
My favorite zombie series is... Call of Duty- 'cause every time I witness a new entry, a little more of me feels dead inside...
Hey I've got a video idea for you guys. "7 Times Outsidexbox Bizarrely Chose To Make Bad Content By Playing A Coop Game With One Person". Seriously, what's the deal guys? Why do you always do this?
Headline in World 1: "Eight dead in fumigation accident before locals realize what's going on"
Headline in World 2: "Five dead in fumigation accident; Spencer Green and pill salesman suspected"
Headline in World 3: "Six dead in fumigation accident, one naked; police baffled by 'T7' message"
"I murdered someone in there. I should know"-Jane Douglas 2019
7:00 Jane: Mike's on leave this week, he's on holiday.

You can't fool us we know Andy murdered Mike.
There's a frog in the frog habitat that's lethal poison if you put it in the funigator
47 doesn't have "murder" gloves.  To him they're just gloves.
“Apparently the woman who runs the muffin company is some kind of murderer.”

Anyone who has lived in a suburb could tell you that.
Idyllic street with Multiple murder basements, murderous old muffin seller lady, red death gas and a tall silent bald man standing in the bushes. 
Whittleton Creek is a David Lynch nightmare land
"This is a murder-basement heavy neighborhood."
You know how it is, one person gets a murder-basement then everybody in the neighborhood's gotta have one.
Official line: Mike is on holiday this week.

Unofficial line: Andy has drawn the line and refuses to do any further Hitman-ing with Mike present due to the previous 'incidents.'
Still wanting an Andy vs Ellen Ghost Mode, once she gets back from America that is.

Go on Outside Xbox, it’s my birthday this week
To be fair, I have seen the three ways to play of this level, and I'm still confused. But then I tend to assume every basement in a Hitman level is a murder basement.
‘I murdered someone in it, I would know’ is officially the quickest way to end an argument... 😂
Emetics are good for killing rodents, because they can't vomit.  So toxins cause damage where a human would just hurl most of it out.  (Weird fact: mice can't vomit, but giraffes can.  Nature can be so counter intuitive.)
Fun fact: if you "make Janus's day", he will go around to Helen (aka. "Muffin Lady") and have a chat. Turns out Helen is something of a protegé to Janus and they talk about his past, all her murders and how Janus will help her kill people even more efficiently.
26:00 Andy: Make a picture of my face maybe?

Too afraid of Luke and Ellen's judgement to attempt a Pikachu then Andy? Or just saving Hitman corpse art for this year's Oxboxtra Challenge?
10 seconds into the video and already the words "murder house" are uttered by Jane.

I'd say I'm shocked, but that'd be a lie.
Any mission involving an "exterminator" just makes me think that Agent 47 is actually a Dalek from Doctor Who....
Me as mission starts: I sure hope Andy doesn't do the same thing I did and leave the fumigation running while everyone in the neighborhood goes in the house... Andy's a better hitman than that, right?
This makes me think that one of this years Oxtra Xmas Challenges will be drawing Pikachu with bodies in Hitman 2.
Should have used the fumigator to knock everybody out and then poisoned it after would have saved some time, love this anyway!
Love the inverse Scooby Doo, where the meddling kids are foiled by the gardener... 😄
Jane’s gasp of delight at seeing the murder basement was a bit worrying, like she’s thinking ‘I wonder if Ikea sell incinerators hmmm’
There’s been no explosions is Mike still Dead? For ruining Endgame?
Loving these new Hitman videos you guys have been dropping lately. I never get tired of them.
I sometimes play OX vids while I'm doing other things, housework etc, listening to it like a podcast. 

I play this one and the random words I pick up are "MURDER BASEMENT", "MUFFINS"  

🤔😱 What is going on?
Classic OXBOX!
YOU FOUND THE MUFFIN MURDER BASEMENT!!  I've been waiting for so long.
Roll on payday so i can get one of those spiffy FLAMINGO T-Shirts!
“The Hammer” knocked out by “The Wrench” would be quite comedic
You are poisonning that fumigator?
You monsters that fumigator never did anything to deserve that!
@11:37 Anyone else immediately flash back to 'Never Had a Friend Like Me' when Jane twirled 47 around in one spot?
They basically kill people and turn them into meaty muffins a la Sweeney Todd, iirc. xD
Was literally just watching old hitman play throughs, this is gonna be great!
Outside Xtra Xmas challenge this year, make a Pikachu out of unconscious bodies in Hitman
"Don't do the time if you can't do the... KEY LIME!"
The Simpsons:  S15E19 - Simple Simpson
So... Why didnt you just use the fumigator to knock them out first, drag the one guy out, then put the poison in?
Andy: "You cant have a gun on your back as a fumigator guy"
Me: "Maybe he has a fear of roaches?.... And a handyman degree to fix the holes..."
Jane has quite the memory for remembering the location of murder basements- to be fair, it was probably a regular basement before Jane showed up...
"She doesn't need to be unnecessarily.." did you pause because you know you wanna burn her alive? Man, I miss Mike.
17:24 "Oh no, I think that red dude is gonna be closer. Wait for the white dudes to walk away."


This is audio that absolutely must be paired with the video
Another flawless kill by Agent 17.
36:40 well, now Andy has a new idea for pikachu drawing for this year's Christmas Challenge.
Agent 47: "It's not trespassing, I'm the fumigator and I'm here fuming at the gate."
When jane said vault 47 I could not help but think of a fallout vault where vault-tec has agent 47 goes around silently taking out every other vault dweller
the lethal syringe is just an empty syringe, 47 injects air into their bloodstreams air bubble hits their heart, dead.
999 views : O someone call the police jane's about in murder house : P
I can only assume from the title that you're disinfecting Nolan North.
Who knew that keeping up with the Joneses also applied to murder basements.
The Fumigator - a 1980s scifi film where Arnold Schwarzenegger plays a robot sent back in time to kill the only cockroach that can defeat Flynet...
Jane Douglas, Murder Basement Expert Extraordinaire.
Should've spelled Francis.
OH! Or "Mike"! You can knock out a few extras, no problem ;)
Jane: you must spell the bodies out to say 47. 
Has anyone had the memory of the identity killer, from the Mitchell and Web show! 😂
Detective: What was the cause of death?
Medical examiner: Chain reaction poisoning
You should have done 47 in Roman numerals. IIIL. Much easier.
Yay More Hitman 😍😍😍
Thanks for another wonderful video as always! 😊❤️ Have a great day everyone!
Agent 47, inspiring others to be better by being worse
24:37
Why did you not switch clothes? What is this, amateur-hour?!
I may not have played Hitman 2 but that's simply a STEAM backlog issue. Please keep making awesome Hitman videos!
With all these Murder Basements, it seems that the people on that street have Dark Souls. (Fine. Here's my U.S. quarter dollar for the jar: 25₵)
That went from Andy to Mike in one second flat hahaha 
Turn off the murder house!!!
Real estate agent say,"There is a choice of two great houses in this quiet neighborhood." Me: "No thanks I wil justl move to a swamp instead."
I've been staring for a good 5 minutes.... and I cannot.... see.... the 4.
Jane: "This time, AND ANDY IS ON THE CONTROLS..."

Jane preemptively excusing herself of any guilt in case of a massive failure
You could have spelled out the corpses in Roman numerals with enough bodies 47 = XLVII would have been amazing
Jane used the phrase "grim tableaux of death".
That sounds like a chapter name should she decide to write her biography.
Guys!  Longtime fan, I'm drunk, and the way you say "garage" is making me lose it!! 😂😂😂 Love it!   Keep making greay vids!
Woop just got 100% achivo's on hitman one 😎 someone praise me 😋
How are we going to get in?  Through the window... In-tru-der window?
47 is a man of mystery, if there are no clues then nobody can solve or even know about the mystery.
The first escalation went very Mike very fast
This whole muffins and murder basement thing makes me want to sing wonderful meat pies from Sweney Todd
100% Mike turns on the furnace and damn it that's what I want!
Any murder basement 
Jane murder basement 
Mike  murder body's every where with explosives
Watching the conga line into the poisonous gas was like watching a game of lemmings.
What if Spencer Green was the client, and that's why you had to leave him alive. If that's the case he's not going to be too happy with having been choked out, dragged across a concrete floor and dumped in a freezer. 47 is definitely not getting 5 stars on whatever the Hitman equivalent of yelp is.
Hitman and Mario Party are my favourite games to watch from you guys.
Real shame about that stupid gardener in Andy's last run :)
I like to think that even when Mike's on holiday, his chaos still manages to influence the game when he's not playing
There should be a video collection of Jane quotes. "he's the one with the ear muffins" is one of my favourites
I actually tried this escalation two days ago, and got nowhere. Let's see how it's done. Maybe. Mikes not around, so it's looking good.
It's the long-awaited return of the "murder basement"...does that make 47 the Book Monster? lol
With my central heating on the blink, a little cold-blooded murder is exactly what I needed
Steve rodgers going back in time and staying has more loopholes than I can even go into
Seeing that granny get clocked in the face made me wince, much like that scene in Captain Marvel. But once Jane said she was a murderer everything was right again.
"There's only one bathroom" The nightmare scenario
I'm having a super difficult time seeing how that was a 4
Just working my way through the "We Play Hitman" playlist! YAY! A new one! Thank you!
Was thinking watching this, couldn’t you have used the fumigator to knock them all out. Dragged some to safety. Turned the fumigator off, added the neighbour, poisoned the fumigator, turned it on, problem solved haha. 

These videos are always so much fun to watch. 😁
Andy: 47 was here
Jane: And he promises to kill 47 more people. LOL
"The Thinker" at 24:33.
So many murder basements in this supposed picturesque neighborhood, it reminds me of Andale from Fallout 3 where the Pleasantville like town was secretly a cannibal society. I wonder if there are more to justify a list video, can anyone else think of any?
Wait, is it odd to have a murder basement? I've had one my whole life!
Great escalation! Well done folks.
19:02 Jane: What's a car battery do?
It powers a car Jane. I know you Brits have some weird name for them over there.
Love your singing in the videos. It's only a matter of time before you start taking requests. ...Please?
All these escalations are great, nice work Oxbox and hitman 2 community, very nice work.
The muffins are people. They're PEOPLE!!!
“In a bush” the timeless sequel to “in a box”
@28:35 "Imagine this level with a Halloween theme!" Judging by the roadmap for 2019 content, Jane is probably on the right track. Each (meteorological) season gets a theme, winter was Hokkaido ('Snow Festival'), spring will be Miami ('Spring Break'), summer will be Santa Fortuna ('Jungle Summer'), autumn is both Mumbai ('The Rivals') and one other place (only known as 'Halloween' for now), which will most probably be Whittleton Creek based on the level order* (Hawke's Bay being left out as it's tiny). Also I'm guessing we will get a Christmas-themed Isle of Sgàil afterwards, but that's a while away.

*H2016 already had a similar "season-based" level order: Paris wasn't tied to season, but we got Holiday Hoarders, so winter it is; spring is Sapienza, summer is Marrakesh (Spaoenza was free as a 'Spring Pack' and Marrakesh as 'Summer Pack') and probably also Bangkok, Colorado is fall and Hokkaido is winter.
27:30 isn't there poisonous frogs?
Watching Jane and Andy spell out 47 in unconscious bodies is the kind of content we all come for
It all gone Dob shape, so many bodies when everyone wants to have a look
Could you knock everyone out in the house with the regular fumigator, drag out the guy that needs to be spared and then add poison to the machine??
3 minutes in and the words "murder" and "basement" no longer hold meaning...
HA I'M Early nice to see a new video
Let her play, dang 😂 I understand helping, but give her a chance to figure SOME stuff out first
silverfish dang those things are in England too? oh my days those little buggers.
I love the Hitman 2 Videos
The third escalation on this contract drove me Batty.
Although Mike wasn't there the poison gas made sure that his spirit was strong in the first attempt.
That was different without Mike.   I kinda miss the chaos.  Hope he's enjoying his holiday.  Or did Andy prove that he's the better ghost mode player by pulling off the perfect murder in real life?
Even though 47 is a master of disguise I think it might be a hard sell for him to pass himself off as a door to door Rogaine salesman.
Andy's body count in the first escalation was starting to rival Mike's in the "Patient Zero" scenario.
Using emetic poison in this mission is just hilarious, and you can't be seen unless you're killing someone.
I watched all of your Hitman videos in two days so another one is happily received.
You could have just asked for directions to the specific house.

"Excuse me, passerby. Do you know where the muffin murder basement is?"
They could have opened that garden door while crouching....
20:56 A weaponized boomedang? That is like a weaponized sword.
And she shall be known as Jane ''6 Star'' Douglas
For science I think you now have to put emetic poison in the fumigator just to see what the AI does
15:00 Jane knocks a man out by throwing a wrench at... his shoulder blade? Jeez, how hard did you throw that?
He's a pill salesman, now I picture 47 selling Viagra door to door.
the first time it was almost like mike was there the first time :D
"Trash can"???  You mean "Bin"  =(
Prudence really came out in Jane in this episode.
How soon before we see Jane’s Corpse Art channel?
The muffins are people!
It wasn't a murder basement until you went in there Jane
Jane: "You need like a tool rack in here, for guns."
Andy: "Yeah! A gun-tool rack."
If only there was a rack made specifically for setting guns on..
Wow -- one hell of an escalation if it STARTS with six targets! Though, admittedly, the fact that they're all in the same house does make it a bit easier. . .funny that you can't use the liquid poison in the syringe, but the pills are just fine -- Hitman logic working overtime there. :p And so THAT'S where the murder basement was! I heard that there was one, but I wasn't sure where in Whittleton Creek it was located. So the muffin lady is a serial killer (or at least aspires to be one). Yeah, plopping her in her own incinerator seems fitting. (You should have turned it on, in honor of dear old Mikey.)


And if it wasn't for those damn snooping gardeners. . .what happened to dragging a man to his death in a fumigated house in peace, damn it? Ah well, at least Andy was able to contain the situation, and pose the bodies for Jane's amusement. :p Congrats to both of you for beating the escalation, and to Jane for getting the most stars. :p To be fair, Andy, you add up your 2 from the first level and your 3 from the third, and you get your wanted 5 without a problem! So you did just fine in the end. :P
Might go buy this game tomorrow.  Got an Xbox one like 3 months ago so I've been playing rdr2 for that long.  Might be time for a second game. In the meantime,  I might rock some more red dead
TURN THE HEAT ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"In the Bush" is that the second song after the hit song "Put it in the Box" from pop superstar Jane Douglas?
It makes it even funnier to imagine Jane and Andy as running voices in 47’s head
But why would you go around manually knocking everyone out when you could just do the normal fumigation that knocks everyone out, switch off the machine, move out the non-target and move in the extra target, poison the machine, and then switch it on again.
11:09 Garrage love it 😍
don't do the crime if you can't do the key lime?
how do i download this game
Oh yea dont unnecessarily kill the murder lady lol
Imagine the panic it causes the victim waking up in that panic room
I'm wondering why Andy stood up in the frog habitat? If he had stayed crouched he wouldn't have been seen.
The house that kept murdering, even when Mike's not here, he finds a way
There was the lethal pills in the planning options where you select the lethal syringe option would have saved time.
So many murder basements, what a lovely neighborhood.
I'd have dragged the gardener into the house just for being so nosey!
Murder basement would make a cool band name
Rule number one of Hitman, always bring a lockpick if they let you. You'll (almost) always need it. Heck, I used one to unnecessarily open a door one time. Okay, it wasn't that useful, but I had another exit route.
How to get winter sport suit
Do you do Poison?
Thats a bruh moment
What has happened to Jane? She seems a little distracted.
@Jane and @Andy
If you actually examine the Muffin Woman's basement, you can see that the muffins that she makes have a 'secret ingredient'...
Human brains! In the jars, there are many brains and she bakes them into the muffins!
urgh


Also, the easiest way to do level 2 is simply to put sleeping poison into the fumigator, so everyone passes out, go in the house in the fumigator outfit and stash Spencer in a box, then put in lethal poison into the fumigator and watch all the sleeping enemies die. ;-)
Best to wait for Cassidy and his personal guard to exit the house, to give yourself the longest time to set up everything. ;-)

You can get sleeping poison in the Green Container in the work area at the end of the street, or take it in with you, in case you didn't know.
It also made me laugh going to the murder basement every time, when you can take in lethal poison in to any mission with you :-p
mucky pup
Turns out all of Agent 47's teeth were removed and all replaced with elephant ivory teeth, expensive, but it is Agent 47 and we know he loves style, what better style is there than the whitest most million dollar smile! Also so they cannot identify his body... besides the bar code again
This is so much easier if you have sedative pills and lethal pills unlocked to start up with. lol
Hey Andy :)
@13:20 Jane did you just say vomit in a colander?! Like a strainer? That is quite possibly the most terrible thing I have ever heard.
Howdy folks
I can appreciate the syringe idea they had. It makes as much sense as throwing a car battery into a shallow pool to electrocute a handful of people in a torture room.  You do you!
With all this talk of murder basements, does Jane have her own 'murder basement'?
Aah yes, they consolidated all of his lesser identifying marks into one obvious barcode.... A bold choice.
But if you got rid of the appendix where would you store supplementary information about the body that isn't kept within the body itself?
They need a tool rack for guns... like a gun tool rack. You mean a gun rack!?
Presumably the gas kills bugs but not dudes?
Mike's on holiday... Or was it Andy doing his VR prank again?
I might be really high but we need a beach theme hitman level with a vip target on the nude section.
Super dope video!
BTW: you don't actually need the Exterminator disguise. He has keys (for Nolan's and Batty's houses) on him and will investigate the Fumigator if you turn it on, so it's convenient to get rid of him. But you can easily get a Nolan Bodyguard (or even Spencer Green, aka "The Hammer"'s) outfit and the garage door is open and unguarded for some weird reason allowing for easy infiltration*. 


*Nolan is paranoid about security so this oversight is incredibly baffling, I always help him by closing the garage door after allowing myself in. Tbh Whittleton Creek as a whole is a security nightmare, you can pretty much get in anywhere just by jumping fences.
I am not at all surprised that Jane has a murder basement.
Again Andy is the worst Hitman in the building (looking at the stars), and he was the best of us ... the brightest always burns out and fall first, especially under so much pressure to be perfect. One day soon we will get a show of the week with bald Andy in a suit all alone ... Mike is already on "vacation" so we may no need to wait for long. Or maybe they are just playing games and having fun, Andy was just unlucky this time, Jane leaned from him and got better at hitmaning and Mike is relaxing, probable with a car nearby. We will see :P
The muffin woman is mrs. Lovett .... Muffins are just easier to make then pies so the choice was obvious
It is possible to dump bodies over a fence.
the only reason a man that well dressed would be on a city bus is if he JUST killed somebody
Couldn't they just use the machine to knock everyone out then stop and put poison in to kill them
Why didn't you take Spencer out of the house use the Emetic poison I'm the fumigator so everyone would go to the bathroom...  Then drag James into the house while they are vomiting and then use the lethal poison to kill them all
Wait- why are we disinfecting Nolans? Is there something I don't Know? Oh god they're behind me aren't they- ACH! aarrcc, ble- ugh...………………………………………...
The next time someone decides to adapt Hitman into a film or a show, can these guys write it
The house with basement where Jane murdered Cassidy actually has an upstair room full of bloodstains where a murder happened... crazy neighbourhood
You can unlock doors while crouching, right?
Yeah it's a lot easier if you have lethal pills unlocked. Only playing when doing these means it's so much harder. The easiest poison is the frogs. But if you take the poison and get the disguise, then wait for nolan to leave then you can do it easy. The other levels are very simple too really.
‘The Constant(ly) annoying gardener’
Create your own Auschwitz Gas Chamber escalation!
Andy if tou would have hid those other noticers bodies in crates or cabinets then you probably would have gotten that 5 star..... Or was it on purpose because you were playing in Jane's profile?
Andy enters the murder basement and Jane is suddenly reminded to make excuses for Mike's absence. We all know Andy arranged a permanent "holiday" for Mike.
Vomiting in a colander?  Jane, that's just gross.  A chinois is much more practical.
Hooray for that funny, funny DOS humor.
Tapes not deleted Andy? Disappointing
Mike is laying low until the heat dies off from his theft of Luke and Ellen’s Easter eggs.
Hitman!
Only two sports? If there was I'd have much less to complain about, I mean comment on when I read the sports page.
You know what the craziest thing is about this whole level is? No, it's not that a Hitman is sneaking around murdering people and disguising  as other people with their own clothes. It's that at 7:32 the bathroom has a massive window at hip level that allows people to see in, even worse is that it's open.
Yeah, I’m sure he’ll be able to breath fine in that air tight chest freezer
Vomiting into a colander? Seems counterproductive. Or is that something different in the UK, because in the US colanders have holes in them.
Andy first? Do we want this level to go unfinished?
dad
@35:00 just a last tip, new feature in the sequel: you can open / pick locks while crouched, don't need to stand up and get spotted.
Also: sprinting or moving with normal speed in bushes will attract attention; go at half speed and you're okay.
Still love your attempts though, all the bumbling included.
Of course Jane can discern grave dirt from normal dirt
What Andy does not realize is that the squeaky chicken now counts as Mike's horcrux.
Mike's dead, AGAIN? He can beat the grim reaper at karaoke but he CANNOT catch a break!
Dear Andy,
Please stop murdering Mike. The resurrection procedures and following required memory wipes are getting way too expensive. The insurance companies are about to kick in our doors. Seriously, stop making this a habit or there are going to be some very harsh performance reviews in your future.
                       -Outsidexbox  HR
So nice of them to give Andy more cowboy dress up games
I'll miss Mike, but if he spoiled Endgame, whatever wood chipper related fate he met is well deserved.
Seeing Jane's reaction face is better than seeing the finishing moves. Lol
OutsideXbox: uploads 

Me before finals: mission failed, we'll get em next time boys
Jane: "Are we overusing Chaos is a Ladder?"

Don't you dare stop now, oxbox overused jokes are half of my vocabulary.
I wonder if Andy took out Mike Hitman style, and if he got his 5 Hitmans after.
There’s something really funny about Jane and Andy uncomfortably reacting to the  excessive stabbing
We all know Andy didn’t kill Mike because of Endgame spoilers
It’s because of ghost mode 😂😂
I know how you feel Andy someone spoiled Endgame for me and then they won a liftime trip to some other country never to be seen or heard from again.
I think that cutting to Jane and Andy describing the fatal blows is  more entertaining than the actually animations.
I want a 'Chaos is an elevator' t-shirt! Please?
I really like when you cut away from the violence and Andy continues to narrate part of what's happening. It's hilarious.
Is Mike secretly a Fromsoftware protagonist? It's the only explanation for why he dies so often.
I hope andy and his bike wife are doing well
5:26 Liked how when Jane was winning Andy was like 'Stop hitting me, I'm trying to talk'
Hmm. If we put all the clues together... shovel... dirt... Mike's missing... Andy accidentally blurting out confessions then backpeddling... No. No, still got nothing.
24:26 Was that the disembodied laughter of Mike's ghost off camera? Good ol' Mike. Still has his sense of humor even after being murdered.
Why is everyone thinking that Andy did something to Mike? He only showed him his new Labo switch game, nothing else...
top betrayal in games
andy kicking jane after calling truce just so he can win the round
To the people who say MK 11 Is too violent,have you seen the other games?
Andy I need to borrow your anti-spoiler air-horn
Mike's ghostly laugh off-screen was very creepy...
I want the oxventure cast as DLC. Andy: throws dirty in your eyes then robs you, while his ship fires cannon to rip apart his opponent.
Jane: eldrig blast your skin off, then tentacles come out of the ground and rip you apart.
Mike: uses a shield bash to stun you then sets bombs at your feet and uses Dragon breath to lite them.
Luke: beats you down with a ukulele then cuts your head off with a guitar string.
Ellen: transformers into a cat, when you bend  down to pet her she transformers into a bear and crushes you.
Johnny: crafts an elaborate tell were his opponent kills themselves.
Sonya Cage: ''Mother! I'm gonna beat you 'till I don't exist.''
24:28 was that Mike's laughter when he's supposed to be dead? Guys I think you're haunted.
"Zombie Cage On Wheels." That's... that's a car. See, if you hadn't done in Mike...
Mortal Kombat Fatalities at this time in the morning? 

Cthulhu is pleased and lunch is ruined!
Wait... why does JANE have a shovel? I’m concerned. Has anyone seen Luke lately?
Can we get more of Andy and Jane reacting to/describing unseen Fatal Blows? The looks of horror are hilarious.
No-one:
Not a soul on this planet:

Andy: "Littlefinger dies"

Thanks Andy, I now demand a spoiler list at the start of every Show of the Week
Ok Im gonna just have to come to terms with the fact i partly watch these vids just cause Andy is hot.
I want to watch a video of team oxbox reacting to the 'weird and wonderful' death animations in Mortal Kombat 11.
Jane at 18:31
The face I make when someone asks if I want a salad.
Well, of course Andy had spaghetti sauce for brunch ... he just happened to have some freshly mutil ... i mean minced meat lying around.

And i gotta say ... not actually seeing the fatalities and instead just watching Jane's and Andy's reactions to them might be better than outright showing the fatalities.

(allthough i really WOULD like to see them - i've never cared much about fighting games in general or Mortal Combat specifically, but i allways loved the fatalities)
Jane's hair is fab! Also her top, I don't think I can pull it off it but you rock it
Guys I need Andy to do a favor for me. 

Yell “Finish Him!!!” And then rip a head off with the spine still attached.

For reasons....
Can we have a series of videos that's just Jane reacting to the various killing blows and all that from the MK games? 10/10 best reactions ever
Man is the real monster, isn't he, Andy?
(I'm onto you.)
As an American, I still think "zed" is the best zombie nickname
@36:00 there's just been a Featured Contract recently, where I could use that fish tank + electrical socket combo perfectly.
47 goes to the same tailors as Guybrush Threepwood.
"Spaghetti Sauce for lunch" - Does Andy just chug the sauce from the can? No pasta at all?
More live D&D? MORE!?!? We are blessed!
That's a nice shirt, Jane. Have you been unlocking some new cosmetic DLC?
Nothing like playing mk11 to take your mind off the grizzly murder you just took part in 
I'm talking about you Andy we know you killed mike model 1989B
Is Erron Black's head in a bag meant to be M. Bison or is that just my imagination? The hat looks right.
Andy's acting method is to play and then react to the 'cornered' song from the ace attorney games in his head anytime he's asked a question
Investigate possible murder of a friend, or lunch?
Yeah, Jane made the right call there.
The mutten chop game on that horse is fierce.
VALIDATION!
Weapon hoarding forever.
I just watched a Warp Zone video, and I got there when YouTube said 6 views and 8 likes as well. Coincidence? I THINK NOT!!!
Mike giggling in the background of the shark-cage discussion really broke my immersion with the “Andy-buried-Mike” storyline
"He got fatally blowed...in his vocal chords".
A wild Jane never changes her spots : P
I just want Jane to be my friend she’s cool as hell
I need to get me that shirt Andy has. Roll initiative to enter Flavor Town.
Andy: I like Ellis.

Jane: I know you like Ellis, he's very sweet.

Me (a person called Ellis): Aww thanks! I like you guys to!
Jane knows when someone is trying to cover up a murder. It takes one to know one, after all.
Somehow, I find Andy's gleeful descriptions of MK's fatalities much more disturbing than watching the actual fatalities. Am I the only one ?
I love for the gory bits we just get their reactions especially Janes "you don't want to see that"
Jane's top is BEAUTIFUL
Wait a second I’m sure I could hear mike laughing...it’s like Andy didn’t kill him...I mean go for a mid morning brunch hike.
Of course Andy choose that cowboy. Still obsessed with red dead
That matrix reference by Johnny Cage.
I love that after Jane admitted that she was shooting her team mates in the back, that she says,
 "You know we should play online coop!"
You just KNOW that they are saying that they are going to rebalance MK11, but what is really going to happen is that they are going to just open the in-game shop and charge for Koins, as was the original plan.
Mortal Kombat 11 






STILL MAIN SCORPION
I like Andy's shirt
Also my main is Raiden or Noob
That D&D/Guy Fieri shirt is so good
Sharks actually have a fairly weak bite, they do damage/eat more by the cutting action of the teeth rather than by bite force.
Wait I thought Mike was gone, how come I heard him laughing in the background... Is the office haunted AGAIN?
As someone who got Endgame spoiled for them...

the murder was justified.
This isnt even the first time Mike have died on this show.. Andy does this mean Mike will be a rapping robot again? And then will he battle death to win another chance at life? Man now that i think about it early oxbox was reeeeally weird
Was it Mike-flavored spaghetti?
"Whose movie is this?"
"It's a film, baby."
"Whose film is this?"
"It's Zee's."
"Who's Zee?"
"Zee's dead, baby. Zee's dead."
Johnny Cage is the ultimate bad boy for spelling his surname with a C.
Came for the show, stayed for Jane's top 😍
"That bird killed your father!" - No Jane - that bird is my father!
Luke/Dob = Ellis.
Andy/Corazón = Nick.


With that being said, Oxventure mod/models for Left 4 Dead.
Andy: "have you ever tried to put a can of drink in your jeans pocket"
Jane, incredulously: "No!"

Andy you can't fit a phone all the way in the pockets of women's clothes, how do you expect to fit drinks in there?
It's good to see that Jane got her hands on JumpSim 2019 xD
Jane’s hair looks really great this episode and that’s the tea
"Let's put all those hearts together and make a very powerful pump."   - Jane Douglas
Cthulhu was pleased by this.
Mike's laughter is heard from beyOOOOND the GRAAAAAVE!
Just by the expressions the X-Rays and fatalities gotta be gruesome lol nice
dont wanna be that kind of person, but during my young years, Mortal  Kombat was much less about microtransactions and grind and much
 more about punching people in the face
What's beautiful about Mortal Kombat is that it sounds as though Andy and Jane are making things up "Oh, through the eyes...and with the heels as well" but are actually being totally accurate. Mortal Kombat is just wonderful nonsense.
RIP Mike. Andy, you cold blooded murderer!
The head that falls out of Erron Black's bag during his intro belongs to Hsu Hao, a character from the previous MK: Deadly Alliance :)
Endgame spoiler below, take heed!




It's like 3 hours long, so go to the bathroom first, because no-one will thank you if you need to pee at the 150 minute mark.  :)
Heck yeah, Andy played Ellis!  I did, too.  Ellis was my favorite~♥
That Erron Black skin gives me a great idea for a Warhammer 40k guard regiment.
They really need to increase the walk speed of MK characters so that jumping isn't the default movement.
asajghah the freaking GOT spoiler! i can't help im slow! betrayed by oxbox smhhhh
Ahhhh, fighter games or as I prefer, button smashing simulator 2019.
A zombie cage, that will help you to navigate through zombies......so a car?

Is this because of Mike's absence? O_o
Reactions to the fatal blows were hilarious
Just came from watching Borderlands 3 gameplay reveal. 
Hammerlock sounds suspiciously like Andy... Hmmmm.
Jane: Mortal Kombat video?! I've got this. dresses for Tekken
Of course Andy's main is a cowboy...
LENNY!!!
Andy, Andy, Andy, 54 years ago wasn't the '50s, that was 1965. The Sound of Music, For a Few Dollars More, Thunderball...
Detective Jane, never missing a trick...
Jane: "very rarely involved lasers".
Me: Which means that at the very least one time involved lasers.
I ship Zoey and Ellis from L4D1 & 2 so hard.
Playing MK11 now. Just finished the Story mode and WOW.
Every MK design meeting ever in one sentence - "That's probably enough now I'd say, but no."
A year before his role as the Twelfth Doctor, Peter Capaldi was credited in World War Z as only WHO Doctor. Coincidence? I think not.
They're gonna have to resurrect Mike for the live OXventure in May. Such a hassle.
"One of the main two fighting game franchises" This is Soulcalibur erasure
I'm waiting to read the books before finishing GoT. I have thus far avoided ALL spoilers. Thank you. Andrew.
(Andy's character pushes Jane's character into a pool of acid)
Jane: 'OH you don't want to see this!"
Yes Jane, we definitely, definitely do.
"Sarcasm, Andy. Very unbecoming of you."  I almost snorted my coffee on that one. Also, very unbecoming.
That shirt is amazing, Andy!!!
Jane: "You made it weird now. Why you always gotta make it weird?"
Pretty sure this sums up a large chunk of Oxboxtra content lol
You play offine? But offline play is dead according to the major studios.....
I love me a good microwaved sauce, leftover from my daily eating of gaspehtti.
Constantly jumping around instead of walking drives me crazy.
Jane is simply magnificent ...or Maleficent. Depending on the lighting in the room.
Poor Mike. He will be missed.
Also, as Andy is discussing anti-zombie cages and others in the studio can't even deal :D
On the contrary, I absolutely do want to see this! (explicit gore)

Also, Jane your hair is on point!
Show of the week intro always gets me in a good mood 👊🏻
OMG I love Andy’s shirt.
5:43 Snickering at a fatality attempt is the real fatality.
Mike dropped an Endgame spoiler?

Justifiable homicide.
The sound of button mashing in the match is insane. I have only seen this much raw button mashing once before...
I love British horror faces. xD

Jane is like many of us who don't play these games on the regs.
My main is Stryker. There's something to be said for the mall cop fighting superhuman ninjas and cyborgs and cyborgs ninjas.
Andy! What did you do to Mr. Button?!
Ike!!!!
Proof Jane is not a blood thirsty maniac. She waited a whole 2 seconds to celebrate!

Andy: "This is too brutal to show. We can't show this."

2 seconds later, Jane gets her fatal blow.

 "YAAAAAAAY."
says spoilers from last season of GoT don't matter
Gives spoiler alert for Echo the Dolphin
Andy: "a zombie cage, on wheels".
Me: You mean a car?
Rip Mike. You will be missed.
Mike at this point had the healing capabilities of Wolverine.
Actually getting lunch? This is not the Show of the Week that I know
Did you really have to ask?
Its Bo Rai Cho
31:13 "All of Agent 47's tailoring is so form-fitting and tight and... there's no way you could fit a fish in those trousers." 


Come on Andy, we all know 47 shoves everything he picks up inside his giant, shapely...


briefcase.
Jane, did you just called Andy a young man?? How old are you anyway?? Or should i say how ancient are you?? :P
Mike the Zombie Driver confirmed!!
kustomisable karakter kostumes for kurrent inkrement of kombat game, inkluding krunchy kritikals, krippling kruelty and kracked sculls?
Andy finally getting that coworker brunch/lunch.
My main is Erron Black. my handle is AsterBlack. My friends swear there's a connection there but I don't see it. :)
24:05~24:30 Was that Mike laughing in the background? How could have he survived after ....? 🙄 After nothing I haven't seen anything 🤫
Wait, Jane & a shovel??? I'm scared now lol!
I'm really enjoying just seeing Andy and Jane's reactions to the Death Blows! More, please!
Did Jane just ask Sebastian Stan out for coffee on SOTW?
Let me guess, at the next live DnD, the Oxventure Crew will investigate the Mysterious Case of Egbert the Disappearing Dragonborn!
7:21 So Jane- when you say your rows with your mom RARELY involves lasers, that means they DO involve lasers sometimes- would be nice to warn the neighbors I'd think...
Barry Chuckle eats chives.
Haha Haha!!!  “The writer of world war z” was that done by the same guy as “zombie survival guide?”  The same guy!?!  That guy is Max Brooks, son of legendary film maker, and comedian...and broadway producer... and Grammy winner, Mel Brooks.  MEL BROOKS!  P.s. Andy, nice shirt
That World War Z discussion reminds me: 
Have you guys ever felt like you had to use American words and phrases in place of their British equivalents?
Sad to see Netherrealms giving players that sense of pride and accomplishment.
ANOTHER D&D? Oh how you spoil us rotten. But now that Andy has buried Mike, I expect there to be a life sized string puppet of Mike and Eggbert for future videos.

Unless of course that Mike is brought back from the dead.

Please bring Mike back from the dead.
Anybody else hear the cackle of the undead at 24:12?
The idea of trying to hide a fish on agent 47 makes me think he has an expandable back pocket. Standard issue.
My favorite part about these jokes is that while I'm pretty sure Mike is still alive, I can't discount the idea that Jane has somehow perfected the ability to clone Mike so they have a replacement after Andy kills Mike following Hitman Ghost Mode matches.
24:12 I really hoped it was Mike laughing from beyond the grave... Perhaps I'm mistaken....
Picked up my kopy on release day. Fun to see your view on the new entry. 🐲
Vibes episode my dudez.  10/10
Kind of wincing at "Fatal Blow" being conjugated into past participle as "Fatally Blowed".

More like *trout*sers!

"Would you like this rare coin? I've only used it a few times in my line of work. Make me an offer."
"I've had rows with my mum but they very rarely involve lasers." Dont lie to us Jane, there's a reason your orbital space laser is named "Screw you, Mum!"
Andy extolling the virtues of the people who make Hitman just so he doesn't have to drink another Dragon's Fire
So now we have to avenge Mike? I'm dealing with a cold at present, but I suppose what must be done, must be done.
Right, that guy, I know the one
I love the idea that 47 has a massive garage sale with everything he grabs on a job!
"Love to kill birds." Somewhere, Ellen just got a dark feeling.
Didn't The Matrix come out in 1999? I'm worried about them.
tekken 7 is better




Just me?
well, it IS a spoiler. but one i encountered before so no worries
MK main? Well, I haven't played it yet, but hot damn Cassie.
Love hearing Mike laughing in the background!
managed to go 500 days without that GOT spoiler...thanks a lot Andy...love the content btw
24:11 I swear I heard a ghost. I swear I heard Mike Laugh. But that can't be true, can it Andy?
Johnny Cage all the way
I think Andy and Jane reacting to the gore is hilarious
"Oh no, my meter..."
3:49 That was a perfect reaction. 😂 I wish you could change all of the Fatalities to just Andy's reaction to them.😂😂
The most worrying thing about MK11 is the months of forced crunch (80+ hours a week) forced on the devs which the bosses didn't share. So yes, you can taste the forsaken children blended into the game.

Microtransactions and predatory economies remain as a marketing strategy antagonistic to end-users. There may be less-unethical ways to do them, but there are no  ways to do them.
Do this with the Game over sound of Metal Gear Solid: "Mike are you there? Mike! Mike! Mikeeeeeeeee!"
So, when are we going to get your DnD party as Character-dlc?
Zed is upper case.
Zee is lower case.
Mortal Kombat: Endgame
I said this a few weeks ago but i need to say it again.... 

Lets face it Jane doesn't need to play Mortal Kombat 11... With her fighting skills Jane has lived it
Just make a contract out of killing someone with the fish tank electrocution :D
Jane enthusiastically cheering on horrible violence while Andy looks on in horror is incredibly on-brand.
I bet Mike will pull an Undertaker and rise from the grave to take revenge on Andy.
Had some spaghetti and mikeballs Andy?
Thanos doesn't demand your silence.... Andy does. And that is all the more terrifying.
Hmm shark-cage on wheels with stick-to-ground propeller system seems a bit to impractical. Better use an armored school bus or a harvester of sort. You may use the cage as a new office for Mike the Zombie, when he returns to work after his deep, ground breaking "vacation" :D
NEVER say "Hit me" to Jane!!!!!
How many Mikes have you guys gone through?
World War Z had Peter Capaldi?!?
Oh dear, Andy went full Mike. On Mike.
7:07 I now wanna visit the Douglas Family Reunion
I'll take "Fell over; died of wounds" on my headstone, please.
Just finished watching a Mortal Kombat video by Maxamilian Dood to come watch a Show of the Week about Mortal Kombat
Mike is dead 
Long live Mike
A team up between the Oxventure crew and Sebastian Stan is everything I never knew I needed until now
MK's song gives you 9000 doses of excitement in a couple of minutes
Agent Andy 47 got to Mike.
So should we not expect Egbert in the next D&D vid?
A lesser known problem of the old west was the acid reflux suffered by cowboys.
Littlefinger didn't die! He had a different accent every season. I think he is a faceless man...or a bad actor.
Absolutely loving the reaction shots of the fatal blow sequences. In fact, it makes me feel like I want to play MK with these reaction shots rather than the gruesome gruesome cutscenes.
Is dying light 2 still coming out?
They should have an ironic stock photo ready to go when Mortal Kombat gets too graphic. Like that bumper card they put up when Kent Brockman gets outta hand.
"A zombie cage on wheels"? Did Andy just invent the automobile?
If you were a Mortal Kombat character, what would your intro and outro, lines and poses?
So, what number Mike are we on now? Thank God Jane has that cloning lab.
"Zombie cage on wheels" Do you mean a car Andy?
47’s pants are tailored with Time Lord Technology, they’re bigger on the inside.
I would be totally okay if every key moment in future let's plays was replaced with commentary and facial expressions from the Oxbox crew instead. Sticky situations in Hitman, frustration in Overcooked, anything. I enjoyed it in this video far more than I would have seeing the actual Fatal Blows...
jane has a shovel. time to look at her garden
Dumb question: is missing Mike the same guy from Outside Xtra?
It's HIIIIGH NOOON... Wait, wrong game
Jane: You don’t want to see that
Me: I want to see that!
A metallic hamster ball that consists of a spherical cage withine a cage is the ultimate zombie solution.
Jane, able to tell grave dirt apart and finds nothing strange about hiking in a graveyard. Her mythos grows.
New comedy series,  oxbox reacts to fatal blows
Is that Mike laughing from beyond the grave?
Do a full play of World War Z with all ox member please
I think my favourite part is the cut away to their reactions to the fatal blows and fatality. Solid gold
I'm syncing my game so that I can hear your commentary of Fatal Blows while watching it.
I love the extended universe we build here in the comments
watching the kyrpt in this made me remember how much i would LOVE another mortal kombat shaolin monks... these graphics, 2 player ko op. more "kharaters" to choose this time... i reckon they kould make an amazing one now if they wanted...
Mortal Kombat but with fatal blows replaced with the OXbox reactions to them is kind of hilarious.
Yes... welcome to the dark side.  Where we have elevators and a proper alphabet
Anyone else think the Kollector looks just like the Vampire Lord from skyrim but with 2 extra arms??
Never liked "Mortal Kombat" never will. Same ol same ol every game. :P
Man, I got really ticked off at the teammate AI in a L4D2 game once. Let me just say, killing them takes some doing.

We're one room away from the safehouse, when I turn a corner and a hunter jumps me from all of a foot away. Just, open door -> boom, tackled and incapacitated.

All three of my honking useless AI teammates decide to stare at walls for a minute or so while I'm lying ten feet away in another room, bleeding to death and shouting for help. With ten seconds to go before I breathe my last, they finally bumble into the room... And then proceed to flip out and trip over each other instead of healing me.

Bastards. When my game reloads, their worthless asses are  We start in a safehouse, I have my pick of weapons and a bottomless pile of ammo. It is 

Grab a high-powered rifle, restock ammo, and get to work. For the first minute or so, it's cathartic. These bastards left me to die, and then acted like they were  to save me but were just seconds too late. Eat lead, you lying suckers.

3/4 of my ammo later, and I've gradually chipped away the health of all four, and even downed one of them - but being a safehouse, they have first aid kits and revive the downed teammate. But there's something else going on.

Their dialogue is... Well, it's less accusatory. Oh, sure, the first couple comments on being shot are variations of "what the hell, player", but the rest are more general "I'm taking damage" statements. They know something is going wrong, and every so often they'll call me out for "accidentally" hurting them, but they're scripted to avoid back-to-back dialogue repeats, so it's like they don't understand what's going on.

Then I actually kill one of them. Permadeath for that playthrough. No one can revive them - or at least, no one other than me, since we're still in the safehouse and I have the only remaining first aid kit. The other two are distraught - but no one has turned on me yet, even though I've unloaded several hundred rifle rounds into all of them over the past couple minutes. The air must stink of blood and cordite, but they apparently don't blame me for anything.

But again, these bastards refused to help me in my hour of need, so honk them. I'm proving a point, dammit: I can't let up now. This playthrough is already screwed, so let's see what happens - and again, they deserve every round for honking off and refusing to help - or even press on toward the safehouse. Seriously, to make any progress on their own at all they'd have had to stumble over me  and they  left me broken and bleeding in some forgotten corridor.

I eventually did kill all three of them, but man, it took a lot of doing - both practically and psychologically. I must have restocked ammo completely at least two or three times, and had been using heavy guns, but the bigger toll was how just, well,  the whole thing got at the end. Their deaths, as they saw them, weren't punishment or vengeance or a guy finally pushed too far. No, as they saw it, the deaths were regrettable tragedies, a cruel but impartial fate reminding everyone that bad things happen to good people .

I guess we were both right.
The child like glee Jane has when jumping around made me laugh far too hard. Love this show so much and thanks for all the Oxventures lately.
but guys....... because you're saying i don't want to see that, I WANT TO SEE THAT
0:25 Jayne's hair over both shoulders!!!
I think we can all agree that if Mike spoiled Endgame, there's no reason to look for him. You've betrayed us all, Mike. I'm not even angry! I'm... disappointed.
Yeah, tbh it always throughs me off knowing you guys are British, in Britain, and use the American English lexis.
Is Oxbox affiliated with Eurogamer? Is Eurogamer Oxbox's parent company or something?
"Have you ever tried to fit a can in your jeans pocket?"
Have you seen women's jeans? I can hardly fit a speck of grave dirt in there.
you know what's funny? they basically explained everything that happens in mortal kombat with this time story. for example every fatality is a timeline were the person decided to kill that character. as well as explaining why mirror matches exist since MK1, older characters fight their younger counterparts.
Easy Fatalities are your friend
Andy and Jane reacting to the final blows is infinitely better than seeing them.
Ok I really WANT to see it!
Chaos is a LIFT!
Ah, the tried and tested, foolproof, guaranteed way to distract Jane: "Do you want lunch?"
I'm wandering the Krypt right now, and I've found Goro's Dining Hall. It's basically a recreation of the one from the first movie.
Just realised, that's Hsu Hao's head.
The chainmail distributes a lot of the sharks force and so most sharks are not strong enough to fatally bite people.... unless its anywhere near as strong as a great white...
They put test dummies in chainmail and let some great whites have a go on them. The mail held up surprisingly well, but the dummies were less imitations of humans and more imitations of soup.

Ive not actually found any confirmed deaths of people wearing chainmail (Despite a few anecdotes about it.) but even manufacturers of it like Neptunic (Boo) have pointed out that the more powerful sharks can shatter your bones and cause massive internal damage simply from the compressive force of their eager chomps.
I knew people who steal food from the company fridge cannot be trusted. It's a gateway crime leading straight to murder, as clearly demonstrated. And now we know.
They were playing together then Andy, like that annoying friend we all had, demands he has to show Jane something that only he can do then spends the rest of the clip playing single player.
Don’t be that guy Andy.
For a dead guy mike is having fun 24:13 and 24:27
Watching the newest game of thrones...the writers of that absolutely saw world war z....
How do you accidentally code a horrendous grind to force people to buy stuff in the full price game over the course of years?  They expect people to believe it was a mistake through all the playtesting and months of crunch?
Andy and Jane were jumping so much during the MK11, that I had to look twice to make sure it wasn't inside a bounce castle they were fighting on...
I would absolutely pay good money for a DLC pack that replaces the fatalities with Jane and Andy's reactions and descriptions of what's happening.
All Mortal Kombat violence should be replaced with cuts away to Jane and Andy reacting
In case no one said it the head Erron throws out is Hsu Haos
Today's episode is sponsored by: Blood and the word Like.
I think there is a certain... location in 47s suit... where cylindrical objects like a lead pipe, or a screwdriver... could be hidden....
Well if I see a mobile shark cage around in the zombie apocalypse I'll know who was in it.
I cant come up with a good pun about Jane's shirt. She...cheetahs...at games? It's a stretch.
Damn it mike stop laughing in the background.. You're supposed to be missing!!  Lol
We need to see Jane do this "Homing Briefcase" thing in the actual Hitman videos!
Am I the only one who would happily just watch Andy and Jane awkwardly and nervously react to fatalities they can't show as a full video?
Oxventure could start getting celebrity guest adventures like critical role does.
I warned Mike. Alas my efforts were all in 'vein'. Andy probably had help from the Vampire Ellen😭😤
The Story for this game was fantastic and the game, overall, is beautiful and so much fun to play! Lots of little Easter Eggs in multiple places and great replay-ability! My fave/ main is Kabal! As an aside, an easy way to get some time crystals and a good amount of Koin is to do all of the tutorial stuff. You get 1,00 koins for each section completed and when finishing the whole thing, you get koin and time crystals. Also, the character tutorials give 1,00 koin for completing each character. If you finish ALL of the tutorials, you also get the Shao Kahn announcer voice as a reward. Ohm and the head that came out of the bag is an Easter Egg. It's the head of Hsu Hao from MK: Deception. One of the most universally hated characters of the series.
Ah yes. MK11, the game where you show faces being ripped off in glorious slow mo closeups,  but for the love of god do not have your winner show the OK symbol. That is really offensive
Note to self: Don't have Jane investigate my murder.
A shark cage but on wheels??? Do you mean like a car?
Jane, I love your Cheetah top. You're lookin' like a wild cat.   ;)
My Mk 11 Main Is Noob
34:33 yes
Andy, dude, I'm going through the entirety of Game of Thrones for the first time because I wanted to wait until everything was easily available. Please go easy on spoilers.

Glad that jerk is dead though.
You were to klose to do you fatality. Also, "rebalancing the ekonomy" = adding a bukket load of mikro transaktions?
Ugh, come on guys, you're British! You should say 'zed', not 'zee'! And 'lift', not 'elevator'! I don't know why I'm mentioning that, but still!
tonights episode: enter the collector
Main = Kenshi
Jane's on to you, Andy! Only way out now is obvious.... Necromancy.
Mileena is my main
Now when you say you had "spaghetti sauce" for "brunch" does that mean you poured the sauce in a bowl and ate it with a spoon, or did you just drink it straight out of the jar?
I like the idea of Agent 47 sitting on a pile of all the thing he’s found like a dragon on its horde
But I wanted to see the gore
Oh no! Mikeeee!!!
I believe the head in Erron Blacks bag is Hsu Hau whos been MIA a bit and is labeled as notoriously disliked by even the MK creators.
I’m not really a mortal combat fan. I just don’t like gore, even when it’s played up like this
The "random" severed head in Erron Black's bag actually belongs to the Red Dragon Clan member Hsu Hao. He was last playable in MK Armageddon, and is known to be disliked by his creators - hence his appearance as a severed head..
Liu Kang anyone???
Well thanks for the spoilers Andy, I'm only up to season 6... -_-
yes I do want to see that fatality
Outside Xbox advertising for Eurogamer? It's only a matter of time until a PlayStation Access collab!
I really want a mortal kombat cross over with viscera clean up detail!!! Please someone make it happen!
Hey guys, be careful with that acid, could be deadly in the wrong hands (checks if mike is nearby). Would not want to melt anyone from mortal kombat 11 or any of oxbox or oxtra (or John or James), please be careful !
You mean there's actually gameplay of any kind in microtransaction Kombat?
Awesome t shirt, Andy!
also sharks probably won't be trying to straight up crush + eat you, their mouths are just their hands so they'll have a feel without damaging you! re: the sharkmail.
Kenshi is the best main
I like the idea of 47 having a car boot sale to get rid of all his murder inventory "one used Q ball slightly bloody...."
Jane just how exactly can you know grace dirt from regular dirt, Cthulhu is a sea horror not a dirt horror...
cassie cage and johnny cage
The cutaways during the fatal blows etc are hilarious without any context to the action on screen.
I think Andy has bing playing too much hitman 2 I’m no csi or detective but I think he k1ll3d and Buried mike don’t tell him I said anything but I did see him out back with a shovel 👀
Zed > zee
I think I would like Mortal Kombat way more if my tv just suddenly cut to Jane and Andy describing the gross gore in horrified voices instead of actually seeing these anatomical disasters
Classic move, make your in game economy so shit to begin with that when you “fix it” to a slightly less worse level than it was before people are grateful. This move seems especially scumbag since we’ve seen other footage on the channel where Luke and Andy had ridiculous amounts of resources to play with before it came out.
Screw devs and publishers putting free to play mechanics in £60 games.
Damn I made this comment before they entered the Krypt of loot boxes filled with mostly useless garbage bleh how disgusting.
Ha! Andy, you bought it! The world's dumbest t-shirt! 😘 Love it
Next week on Show of the Week:
{Scene Open} Jane looking concerned notices Andy approach from off screen. 



Jane: Andy! There you are.  Have you seen Mike yet?  We've got Show of the Week but he's still not around.
Andy: [Quickly, nervous] Mike? Nope. Nope - haven't seen him.  It hasn't been that long, has it? A week. Maybe a week and a few days.  Not long at all. So what have you been up to this week?
Jane: Really? That's really weird.  There were some police checking after him earlier.  [nonchalant] Oh, well. Told them you were the last to see him, so I'm sure it'll be sorted.  Anyway,  I'm sure he'll turn up.
Andy: [Stoic faced] You had to keep asking questions didn't you?
[Andy slowly brings up a prop shovel half menacingly - maybe plastic kid toy for playing in sand?]
Jane: I don't think so! Eldritch Blast!  [Cue special effects: "blast" toward Andy.  Andy falls off screen- right]
Jane: [sighs] Great.  Now what about Show of the Week?   Cthulhu,  a little help?  And no tentacles this time. Remember what happened last time. 

[Lights flash and/or other effects] 

[Cue Mike and Andy walking in.. chatting  maybe about weird dreams with Cthulhu. Andy replying well we have done a lot of DnD recently.]
Mike: Hey Jane! Ready for Show of the Week?
Jane:  Yep, yep.  Just cleaning up a bit.
Andy: Is that a scorch mark?
Jane: Lighting accident.  It was a real blast though.
{End scene}

{cut to intro music for Show of the Week proper.}
Zombie cage on wheels? Do you mean a car? I think you're talking about a car
Andy, Andy, Andy...you can't kill Mike. You lot already faked his death and collected the insurance 5/6 years ago, remember? They're not going to pay out twice now, are they?
Hello there.
Imagined horrors of MK11 fatal blow cutscenes, combined with your descriptions and reactions, sound a lot worse than watching the cutscenes themselves.
The fatalities should be used as Prudence new attacks, Cthulhu would be pleased.
You really need to yell over each other more, I mean I can almost make out what one is saying under the constant yammering of the other...
"Get a zombie cage on wheels." Or ORRR, hear me out on this......giant hamster ball.
Failing to manage the fatality is more hard to watch than any of the actual fatalities to me...
is there anyone that still believes they actually play the games they pretend to be playing when they show us games.
Someone needs to put all of your murder mysteries in a single video. It is hard keeping a track of who did what to whom. and At the end, it is revealed Mike was behind Andy's antics all along
Can we get all fatal blow commentary from Jane and Andy
MK causing people to make funny faces since the 90s lol
"He got fatally blown."  Yeah that's a line that can have too many meanings...none good!
53 dislikes.  Like, why even?
Yes we want to see the fatal blows!!!
When it comes to saying the WWZ titles, World War Zed sounds so much better than World War Zee. And I say that as an American.
World War Z couldn't have been set in the same universe as the books was, as the zombies in the book were traditional zombies, not the running kind from the movie and game.
I thought Mike was a haunted rubber chicken. Does that count as death?
Andy and his cowboys. If he paid a dollar for every time he spoke about cowboys he'd be very very broke.
Is the head erron black throwing the head of tsu hao? The much hated 3d era character???
If Andy had killed Mike over spoilers of Endgame I mean he was justified and Mike should have known.
Good thing about the gear is that abilities aren't tied to gear, but augments that are applied to gear. That way you don't have to wear in item you don't like just to get a useful ability.
Someone once "married" a bridge; somehow marrying a bike seems less weird
The grind isn't that bad. It gets kind of dickish sometimes, when some fights are too difficult to beat without konsumables, but you get a lot of konsumables just from playing the towers themselves, you don't have to pay for them. I'd say the Krypt is actually worse, but so far, it's been okay. It could be better, but it's been okay.
Andy's idea about surviving the apocalypse in a zombie cage on wheels armed with a punt pole sounds an awful lot like the entire premise of Metal Gear Survive.
I don't even have an Xbox anymore but i still love watching this channel
The big question for me is how customiseable is the Kustomise features? Can we make versions of our favourite Oxventurer Prudence and take her on a massacring rampage, just like she usually does on a Friday night?
Johnny Cage fans stand up!!
The cutaways are so funny!
Shouldn't this be a "Let's Play" video instead of "Show of the Week"?
When I played that one thief game I would knock out every guard in the clock tower, carry them all to the top, pile them up, and then toss them down one by one trying to get the hammer pendulum to hit them :-)
MK 11 princess Kitana looks like Jane
Agent 47 absolutely, positively carries a lead pipe in his pants.
raiden raiden for the win he's a god and a man... raiden is my favorite mk charactor and a GOD can't die unless he takes a mortal form
Its based on the book but set in the same fictional universe. The fictional universe of America. My favorite fictional universe lol
Jhonny cage
The head falling out of the bag is Hsu Hao, all you need to know is, he is a shit character from the earlier MK titles. I think the MK comic series killed him off in the first issue.
I've never seen someone who likes Mortal Combat so much and yet cringes soooo hard at the gore.   Andy's faces and clear displeasure at the excessive gore is funny as hell!!! :)
Liu kang
Guys, if one of you ever does get murdered, I really hope this isn't how you decide to tell us.
And erron black
If Mikes fine Andy why don't you call him on loud speaker!?!
I’m guessing the krypt is random now because people were making lists and ruining the surprise?
I don't know what's best, seeing MK fatal blows, or only the reactions and imagining it ^^
Andy, I see your suggestion of a zombie cage and raise you the Pope mobile. Maybe with a small hole drilled into it for poking a pointy stick through?
I don't mind missing out on actually seeing the MK fatalities in action if only to be able to watch Jane and Andy's disgusted reactions to what I can only presume is grotesque and unimaginably obscene.
Hastily pressing the "Mike" button...
I really like the guy with the hook swords in Mortal Kombat but I don't remember his name
Lets call it what it is... they made the time towers pay to win.
It was about shaking down extra cash from people, nothing more, nothing less. I could accept they got the balance from by accident but not to this degree, I might be more forgiving if it wasn't all so clearly linked to random loot drops, and pay with real cash consumables. They made a bad mobile game, then sold it for $60. I feel bad for those who bought it but for me it isn't going to sit right till they remove the 'real money' economy and rebalance the game heavily to not have micro-transactions.
Erron black
You know that thing where you play a lot of a video game and then you start seeing things irl in the same way? Starting to worry that is happening here with Andy and Hitman...
As a long time MK fan, I feel let down by MK11. The game feels like it was made primarily for e-sports and online play, and screw the fans if they don't like it. I'm getting a strong Street Fighter 5 feel with this one..
I thought Andy had a failproof system to prevent spoilage?
Bad news Andy. It looks like not only did WB shove tons of microtransactions into the game, but it looks like Netherrealms is the latest studio to be caught in the crunch crisis.
I can assure you that shark suits are not considered suitable for white sharks.
I love that Jane has her own shovel
I wasn't sure about shark bite force, so I looked it up, and according to one article I found, the mean bite force for the 22 most common breeds of shark was under 58 pounds (26.3kg).  Also, sharks don't just go about the ocean, chomping things with as much force as they possibly can.  They have sort of an "ooh, what's that?" bite to try to figure out what a thing is and if it's good to eat.  The real problem is those rows and rows of razor-sharp teeth.  So, while crush is a definite concern and injuries could happen (not quite to the extent of hamburger meat), the cutting injuries of the teeth would be far more dangerous.
Guys, guys, GUYS, if you're not gonna show us all the gory details, where's the fun in watching these videos?? Is this part of that British wimpiness that passes for being "civilized?"
All this Hitman praise is making me think that Andy really wants to avoid drinking another cocktail from them. 🤣
Ok, immortal mike confirmed :D
MIKE IS DEAD - DEAD - DEAD
Jax
Restraint is everything. Constant bombardment leads to quick boredom. Looks kind of embarrassing. I'll stick with the originals. They somehow didn't feel completely deranged
valve don't make games with 3's in them
It seems like y'all are back doing challenges I'm hoping I was looking at it on my XboxI'm not into the Minecraft challenge cuz I don't really like that game but if user doing challenges again I'm back
Is this the first time they've actually gone for lunch? I guess Mike really is dead this time.... F
Just throwing this out there. When introducing a currency into a game, with all the bad press it entails, isn't it a smart idea to come out on launch day already announcing that you will be rebalancing the currency. Then you look like a hero and you get your audience buying into the new rebalanced currency.
Mortal Kombat mains: Jane Douglas
MK11 I'll be honest owned it for four days played and beat the story mode in 2 return it on day 5 gotta say I liked MK10 better the x-ray is what did it for me.
I want, nay, need that Dungeons & Diners & Dragons & Drive Ins & Dives shirt.
I'm not a massive fan of some of the new models. I think Cassie's face is a little too rounded and cute now and Johnny looks less weathered. I've heard other complain about certain "reductions" of some of the characters, but let's not go into that....
PLEASE, for the love of Cthulhu, do an Oxventure in the universe of Andy's Dungeons & Dinners & Dragons & Drive-ins & Dives! Visit the village of Flavourtown, and Johnny can voice an obnoxious character called... Fiery Man? Maybe another Dragonborn with blonde spikes and wearing scrying glasses on the back of his neck
Oh, Jane read my comment in show of the week. That was happy surprise! Now if you'll excuse me, I'm off to comment on every video in oxtra within the first five minutes of them going up. :)
Jane’s reaction when Andy asks if she’s ever tried to fit a drink can in a jean pocket. Hehehe. Yes. Pockets a woman could fit an actual can in?!?! Such a thing does not exist :P
Andy has made a big mistake, in making Mike a ghost, he's just made him better at ghost mode.
Kronikia's Fatality is brutal. She rips you in half at the waist, then rewinds to put you back together. She then rips you in half vertically, then rewinds to put you back together. She then explodes you skin off, then rewinds to put you back together. And then she just keeps repeating the sequence over and over until you select a menu option.
Andy is so cool he just eats spaghetti sauce for brunch. No pasta.
If you resurrect Mike in time for the next Show by way of some kind of Thanos/Infinity Gauntlet joke, I'm going to delete your channel.
Erron black
His voice changed because "He got fatally blowed!"? Even less family friendly than the fatal blow itself.
I thought Black's acid was supposed to be snake oil
Come on! Andy leaves her hangin? Come on Andy do better
Yeah, seriously, Jane, how many times do you have to be told that Andy has a weekly "graveyards of England hike"?
When I seen he was back. Baraka all day baby well and the wifey katana just like the old days.
Andy I’m completely on your side mike should not of spoiled it
Ah, Mk11, the biggest disappointment of my gaming career. I really hope they fix it soon.
I wonder what happened to Mike this week?
come on guys do you seriously need to cut away for all the fatal blows? If you're going to show ANY mortal kombat then you may as well show it all, it's all ridiculous violence afterall.
Mortal Kombat fatalities but cutting away at violent bits is so funny to me
He got fatally blowed??
This gambling system is going to kill there series. People play mk for its over the top fun. This will just hinders it. They should allow people to buy the pieces they want. Making it random just frustrates people. They didn't learn from battle front. Triple A's are just stupid.
Ha. Komments.
I am impressed by how excellent Mike's stealth training is. Taking Andy's clothes after killing him was brilliant idea, but you should work on your improvisation - that story about you being killed by Andy wasn't good enough to fool us. Right ?!
A Shark cage on a skateboard? seriously guys? How are you missing the obvious solution of a giant hamster ball to crush zombies with
I expect Andy and Bike's marriage will last for about a week when Mike comes back and confronts Andy about his murder, and then Bike leaves Andy for a Harley Davidson.
I dont get it. Why dont you show the gory stuff anymore? You have in the past. And its not against youtubes rules.. annoying that you kept cutting away. Thats what we are wanting to see
It's the red blood that gets MK11 videos demonetized. If you desaturate the video to black and white during the gore (or just inflict the gratuitous violence on D'Vorah, who has blue blood), it won't get flagged.
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐗⭕️❌
So is there a rule against showing gore on YouTube? Seriously asking, there are some movies I want to talk about but they're kinda graphic.
Guys! Instead of NOT showing the violent parts, just turn the colors into black and white. That works for many others!
So before Peter Capaldi was cast as Doctor Who he played WHO Doctor, definitely not weird in any way
They added in the Collector? The King in Yellow? I thought Darkest Dungeon had a monopoly on the lovecraftianisms, thank you very much!
Andy didn't marry a bike.  He only dated her for like 2 weeks.  (Sorry.)
sorry Andy but to say Street Fighter is the more serious is just ridiculous.
you can tell a game noob because they only know how to jump, as Jane shows.
If you keep playing MK11, I have a petition to see the full ultra violence, I mean, we all saw the manslaughter of the Oxventure Crew,  come on guys!
Hey, guys! Wanted to ask, is there going to be an OXventure where there's no time limit? Is that going to be a thing?
Sorry for asking, if it isn't possible then I fully understand, but most of the campaigns you do end abruptly "in the interest of time" when you go to conventions and such.
Thanks for reading, and have an awesome day!
No skimpy outfits for the lady's and woke?
BURN IT!!! burn it with fire and cleanse the area with phorspor.

And that is my political correct response.
Booooo editing the violence
Ha I am the first person in the comments you fools!
How are you gonna play mortal kombat and edit out the good stuff? :(
Why can't they show the fatalities? Demonetization?
Lets have some feedback.   First, i love janes top.  Is it new?  I don't mind seeing uncut mortal kombat.   I'm ok with the violence and I'm sure the other fans are too.  I don't like the facecam though,  it's too distracting. 
Jane, if I made sarcastic jokes about my last girlfriend to her face, she would variously employ sexual swearing words, obscene gestures or even a slap.  Sometimes all of the above.  Just saying...
Here is some Mortal Kombat but only like 60% of it with all the good parts cut out :( super sad about it to be honest.
Can you post one where you show the fatal blows aswell? Ahhhh let me see!
A copy of MK:11 = €70
Real world money to buy all MK:11 skins = €6,440
The look on the loan shark's face when you tell him ''I'll play you for it'' = Priceless




The look on your face when he refuses = FATALITY!
I wished you guys would show the Fatalities
Stop cutting away from the gore! I do want to see it, Jane! I thought you of all people would appreciate some eldritch messiness!
Do some mk11 vids or livestreams. You could avoid the demonetization by filtering the red(blood and gore) appear purple(or any other colour) during the fatal blows and fatalities.
Wow.  And I thought I was bad at mortal kombat.  They jump so much.  Learn how to anti-air for the love of god.
jerusalem is in palestine
Fallout New Vegas. 
The "toy gun" a kid sells to you for 1000 caps, which does nothing at first... But then actually turns out to be a orbital laser targeting device.
If soap kills monsters mr.clean is basically the doom guy.
8:49 Uhhhh the highly armed suspect is slapping officers with 100 dollar bills, requesting backup
I think the joke in the "bar of soap" one is "cleanliness is next to godliness" 😁 cause demons... Thank you bye
I swear to God if magikarp isn't on this list
Disable generators from a distance


stands 3 feet away from the generator
Anyone who actually plays Payday knows the melee weapons are just reskins
The World's Most Interesting Bomb from MDK comes to mind. You drop it, all the enemies gather around to look at it, and then it explodes.
Bane is basically just Mista if he used an SMG with his stand instead of a six shooter.
Never underestimate the damage a papercut can cause..... 

Ask cops from Payday 2. 
If you want a terrifying weapon, just hand 47 a fish. Who knows how many lives have been lost to his fishy activities...
Water gun. Casey. JK-47. Snowballer.


Enter the Gungeon is wacky
A chair joke, yet no chair from Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell... come on
literally any weapon in payday 2 is effective on the lowest 4 difficulties
Money Bundle from Payday 2 : Am I a joke to you?
The dubstep gun from saints row IV is awesome!!
Dying light: chicken on a stick, toy sword, anti-grav teddy, etc
Dragon Age: Inquisition has a giant spoon, a wheel of cheese as a shield, and a full ham on a stick. 
Not that they're crazy effective, but they ARE super satisfying, and work surprisingly well.

The spoon, called The Boon of the Spoon, is found by completing a series of trivia questions at Skyhold.
The cheese wheel, called the Wedge of Destiny, is simply found in Crestwood.
And the ham, called The Jade Ham, is a reward for a war table operation in the Jaws of Hakkon DLC.
I've seen wooden swords appear in some other games as special grind-defeating weapons. Basically their core stats were bad but they doubled or tripled your xp, jp, ap, or whatever p gains you were trying to get for the game in question. Since you could make up for the temporarily lowered stats by...leveling...you could get just one or two levels ahead and then use the bokken to stay ahead of the curve for the rest of the game.
It's maybe a little meta for the list, since in those cases it's not being useful As A Weapon, per se. More of a specialized tool with an acceptable tradeoff.
A wooden sword???
Pfft that's something I wooden use.

A fully upgraded wooden sword?
Now that's something I wood gladly use.
How about that unicorn that farts cataclysm causing rainbows from Red Faction... something... I know it, I just... don't know it... now???
In Final Fantasy 7 Dirge of Cerberus, the useless Model Gun becomes the Ultima Weapon after a few upgrades.
Dead Rising. Mannequin Torso. The most powerful weapon in the game.
"The soap deals 100 million damage now cause i thought it was funny." THAT is a game dev who knows whats up!
"You can disable generators from a distance."
shows a clip of them using the water gun up close
Money bundle is in shadow warrior 2 if you have payday 2 crimewave edition installed
Dildo from San Andreas
8:49
Have you ever tried a difficulty above overkill...
If you ever do a commenter's version, The Holy Mackerel from tf2.
Dead Space’s Hand Cannon deserves a mention.
“Bang! Bang! Bang!”
Dragon Age Inquisition is ripe with these types of weapons...
The Cudgel of the Gold-and-Ebon Queen, The Jade Ham and The Wedge of Destiny come to mind.
In Final Fantasy Dirge of Cerberus, the spin-off where you play as Vincent Valentine, the joke weapon "Model Gun" can be upgraded to the Ultima Weapon, the most powerful handgun in the game.
The battlefield 1 Kolibri has a 5x headshot multiplier. If your opponent is standing still, and you are close, you can deal 40 damage per shot.
What you don't talk about dual bane with gunzerker !?! shame on u ^^
Don't forget the purple [ahem] adult toy found in the Los Santos police station in GTA San Andreas...
About the money stack...
Just use the Telescopic Baton if you want knockdown, it's higher.
Dark souls 2 mundane ladle
Here's a couple you missed. Thankfully DUSK appeared here so I didn't need to include it: 

1. Akumajou Dracula X: Rondo of Blood. The key. You equip it like a weapon and use it to open doors, namely the cells of the maidens. Trying to use it as a weapon will make Richter stare at it as if you are stupid. However, it does have an item crash (think alpha strikes from Mech Assault on Xbox) and it's a pretty powerful one too for such an otherwise useless sub weapon.

2. The sweeper vacuums in Blinx the Time Sweeper. They are really just glorified hoovers intended for sucking up crystals made of solidified time, which were caused by bugs in the time stream. However, if those glitches worsen and the crystals merge into cute but dangerous time monsters or anyone pisses you off too much, like the antagonist space pirates for example, you can also sweep up actual human garbage and junk littering the world, then turn the sweeper from suck to blow with a simple tap of the sweep button. It's like offensive tidying up.

3.all the special weapons in Shadow the Hedgehog. After beating each story, you unlock these and they appear in black crates with shadow's face on them. Non-randomised! And all unlocked ones appear in a single crate. In no particular order, those weapons are: 

A. a halo plasma pistol that calls a plasma strike from orbit, even 

B. The Nobitsura Kage from Shadow Warrior.

C. A bazooka that heals people instead of killing them (useful for Maria's mission on The Doom)

D. A machine pistol that fires ricocheting omochao heads

E. A crappier version of the Magic Hands gun from Final Haunt and Central City with a chicken design

F. A black and red rifle that fires literal stars aka suns. You have to beat the final story to get this but my god is it awesome. It makes the Black Arms/Corps tank on Lethal Highway a joke.

4. The original Golden Desert eagle in Duke Nukem, first appearing in Duke Nukem Advance. You only get it with a cheat code, but it isn't a near useless emergency weapon like the normal desert eagle: it's hitscan and has the damage of a shotgun.

5.Pencil Rockets from all three Mother games. Originally used as Japanese space program experiments, pencil rockets have found their way to America and are used as highly damaging improvised missiles by Lloyd and Jeff. In Mother 3, I think anyone can use them. Most western players of the first two games may know them as bottle rockets but they have nothing to do with bottle rockets.

6. The scarab beam in Halo 2. Not worth chasing after as it's too hard to get, but you find a plasma rifle hidden in metropolis that fires the main beam from the scarab mech instead of a normal plasma shot. Funny as hell but it's easy to kill yourself with it as I found out the hard way with...

7. The shitty magnum in Halo 2 Anniversary with a certain remake exclusive skull whose name I forget turned on. This skull turns every single weapon in the game into scarab beams, or rather makes them all fire the titular beam. Combine this with bandana and you then actually stand a fair chance on Halo 2's version of Legendary.

BONUS ROUND!

8. The golf club in Halo 3's multiplayer. Use this to whack a different set of balls and get a hole in one...'s skull. Your impressive skills using it will guarantee you get all the birdies.

9. Your left fist in Doom. Utterly useless. Until you get the berserk pack and can then gib zombies and imps with one or two lucky punches. It's even better in brutal doom, where you can use both fists, kicks and berserk packs now let you do Mortal Kombat fatalities on monsters, earning health bonuses in the process which I take to mean you are  This was the inspiration behind the glory kills in Doom 4.
The Pen from PayDay2. But with Melee Skills
The Wabbajack in Skyrim was (sometimes) surprisingly effective 😂
Kingdom O' Magic has a thermonuclear weapon, it destroys everything. Sadly there is no way to use it and survive.
Tip: Don't use the axe or chainsaw in the enchanted forest, the trees don't like it.
I never realised that the money bundle was a joke weapon. I always used it like an actual weapon!
oh, but I love Bane! it's the best gun ever, it helps you never feel lonely xD
Dead Space 2's Hand Cannon, primary fire: bang, secondary: pew
No mention of any of the DMC 3 and 5 weapons ?
Faust hat, for example, which can 1 shot anything if you know how to use it and have enough red orbs.
Payday 2 joke weapon more like sociopaths true calling. For real though sociopath is art and creates some of the best laughs you can have.
Money bundle wasnt that good until they buffed the damage
Krotchy bomb from POSTAL II would have been awesome to see on the list
*Every weapon from Enter The Gungeon has entered the chat
The dubstep gun in saints row IV was actually insane
The muffled audio makes my ears feel uncomfortable.
Dual wields those range from 42 dmg to 184 or around there
A video about joke weapons that completely forgets saints row exists.
Yaaay, Andy's rant in the spoilers list is back
Or the fish in All Star Battle Royale.
what about the firecracker grenade in Borderlands 2? The range is amazingly high and the damage scale with the caracter level
Putting knockback 2 on a stick in minecraft and renaming it slap stick
MAN OF FIRE, I KNOW SCP REAL
So is nobody going to mention Jane's missing namecard? I can only assume that she traded her name to an unspeakable demon for eldritch powers (or whoever edited the video forgot it, but that seems less likely).
What no love for the unicorn gun in Red Faction: Armageddon?
7:29
Dang he found out *calls fbi^
FBI: folks we got him
FBI OPEN UP
Enter the Gungeon's T-Shirt Cannon could fit here too
I have added saying "Thank You, Ninjas" to my daily routine for it is by their whim that I am alive. A remarkabley valuable piece of information Mr. Farrant.
The Diamond Sting SMG from Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell. Oh and the wheelchair mini gun
How is the wedge of destiny from Dragon Age Inquisition not on here!? This is an outrage (jk, love you guys.)
Scooter ankle sword
guys i know this is a late comment but
WHAT IS THE UNLABORED FLAWLESSNESS SUPPOSED TO BE?!
IVE SEARCH THE INTERNET BUT NOTHING
JAPANESE SWORDS? NO
WHAT IS THE UNLABORED FLAWLESSNESS? NO
MYTHICAL JAPANESE BLADES? NO
IVE ALSO SEARCH FOR THE COUNTRIES RELATED TO JAPAN LIKE KOREA AND CHINA BUT STILL NO ANSWER
SOMEONE PLEASE ANSWER AND END MY MISERY 
(p.s. if this is weapon is an in game or fictional weapon (like prototype UP777 from fallout or king arthur's excalibur) it is an accepted answer)
Andy's commentary during spoiler list is back!
The Righteous Bison, the most horrorfying weapon in Team Fortress 2, does a terrifying 34 damage point blank
In MGS Peacewalker, there was a hold up mission where you had to use a banana
THE MOMENT THE MANI STARTED I GAT AN MAIL AD FOR FREE MANI XD
Kingdom Hearts 358/2 has some funny weapons.
One of my favorites is seeing Saix hit heartless with a Banana.
Metal gear solid box tank...seriously kojima?why would you make a paper panzer
Wooden sword from Skyrim
You forgot the Wooden Ladle from Dark Souls 2, Mundane infuse it and it does 300-ish damage.
Dying Light excallibur is deadly even when broken
Zombie annoying you?
Just use a heavy attack and he will glitch into a wall or will fly across the map and you will never see him again.
"Unlabored Flawlessness" honestly sounds like the title of one of Corazon's  penny dreadfuls
I was like nah metal gear solid is not gonna be on the list first in the list 
METAL GEAR SOLID 5
SWAPPIN WEAPONS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!






Fun side note, the Unofficial Community Patch actually lowered the voice volume on the bane so you didn't want to kill yourself.
Basically them lame trash weapons be the most op broken item in the game
And 
That’s why I love using them and tell no one about them haha. I just go around killing everyone with the “worst weapon” and piss them off.
"Everything can be a weapon if you try enough"
Say that to ZeroLenny
Improvised weapons. Barabarians.






welcome to a crap guide to D&D
The dang sheep cannon in Strike Force Heroes 2 my dude.
Says the one who uses a Payday2 thumbnail.

And ofcourse, you can use a stack of money just like a brick to smack other people.
I love the bane
11:21 this is my new favourite game creator.
Ocelot really hates the water gun, as well. You know, cause he's a cat.
Andy!!! Your shirt is amazing xD  I love Donut County!
The foam finger from the Dead Space series? Anything you shoot with it literally explodes.
Some random guy holding a soap:


UNCLEAN UNCLEAN!!!!!!!!!
Rusted Weapons in Dragon's Dogma. Invest in these starter weapons, and they go from laughably weak to arguably some of the most overpowered and practical in the game
The iron pipe from Nier Automata, level  up that baby and you get high chance of stunning your enemy
The Teddy Bear from Monster Hunter Stories?
Or maybe all of the joke weapons from Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days?
Aaaaaaaaaand you missed the mittens from tf2. Yay.
I designed a few abstract art guns too. Magic triangle and the famous gas muzzle statues as well as dissolvable models. 

Cold drinks :)
Bless you David Szymanski
DUSK guy: I'm gonna wipe you out of the face of the Earth.
Final Boss: With what?!
DUSK guy: A bar of soap.
Final Boss: NOOOO!!!!!
Say to me to dog whrn not FIED POOOOOH MAN WH Y DOG
SWITCHING WEAPONS!!!
Ummm...
The dual wielding motorcycles from dmc5?
Curry-ently top noch joke
Payday 2

Joke weapon:all melee weapon except katana,kunai and taser(or similar)
Hitman 2 fish
Not up for debate
Mr. Toots the rainbow farting unicorn from red Faction Armageddon is still one of my favorite useful joke weapons ever.
Bar of soap, get it? Washing your sins away... It's obvious...
The stack of money from Payday 2 is also in Shadow Warrior 2
Surely the most powerful curry is Tim Curry
Miitopia has a ton of ‘joke weapons’. If you make a part 2 please add them
Gearbox: Sooo the plot of dusk
What about the Dark Souls upgraded Broken hilt sword? Turns into the True Greatsword of Artorias.
that last curry joke was genuinely funny.
That Hitman fish will always hold a special place in my fridge.
Summon Night, the Ladle, and its upgrade, the Hot Ladle; are the most absurdly effective way to break a foe's weapon.
I was actually hoping for the joke weapons in Symphonia. Beating up bosses with paper fans and a mop never gets old.


Edit: For anyone unfamiliar with Tales of Symphonia, in this game the joke weapons are actually the third most powerful weapons in the game.
THANK YOU for the spoiler warning.
9:27 yeah the 90s called about that shirt and it's called a driving cap.
I'd like to give a shout out to the thirst zapper from Fallout 4. Sure, it might just be a dinky little water pistol useful for short-circuiting some electric power armour, but fully upgraded, it is an unstoppable nuclear death machine
"Made the soap damage 100 million because it's funny."

Best devs ever.
Gun vs soap bar 
WHO . WILL. WIN!?
I feel like the Penetrator from Saints Row 3 deserves to be mentioned here.
Hitman: Contracts, Cardboard Tube
The teddy bear sword from LEGO Lord of the Rings and the giant cotton swab in Assassin's Creed Origins tho...
Obviously these clowns have never played payday 2. Anyone that plays payday knows to never use Melee weapons because all of them are trash
The thirstzapper in Nuka World. 
Once you get the quantum upgrade, it’s expensive but very explodey.
11 damage with 11 bullets is surprisingly effective with the ZiP .22 in Phantom Forces (a Roblox game)
About 50% of the weapons in payday 2 are jokes.
The Pan of PUBG. Godlike.
The Kolibri of Battlefield 1. Absolute joke.
Link's Butterfly net from Soul Caliber
What about Saints Row 4's didlo weapon ?
Bar of soap is ridiculously powerful? Makes sense, as you're cleansing these halls of filthy demons.
I feel an overwhelming urge to mention in the comments that the wooden sword becomes an oar because historical reasons
Defeated by a water gun. That's actually brilliant 😂
Behold! The financial beat down!
The bane is actually a pretty sub par SMG for Borderlands 2. There are better non unique SMG's so even despite the movement speed and sounds it's actually not a "Surprisingly effective weapon" 

Edit: It's just bad
I find bane hilarious
Surprised none of the special weapons of Prince of Persia - Warrior Within made it into the list
How about the frying pan in the original Fable? They make you go on a stupidly difficult treasure hunt, all for a frying pan. At least they made it one of, if not the most powerful weapon in the game.
Number 6 is just [ S E X P I S T O L]
The EXPcalibur from Dying Light is another good one. A sword that never degrades and allows you to send groups of zombies flying hundreds of feet.
"Hey Mike!  Come here!"
"No!"
Where is the Four-Pronged Prow from Dark Souls 3?
The foam finger from Dead Space 2! Isaac goes through enough to get it but it's nice to give the monsters a taste of their own medicine, who's the scary monster now!!
Fallout 4's Nuka-world's
 thirst zapper!
In payday on normal and hard everything is powerfull
my friend actually played through Dead Rising 2in a Banana Hammock..
The music during Dead Rising's part is "The Best It's Gonna Get" by Celldweller.
"Yes, I too can do puns"
There's so much we still don't know about Andy.
Casey, the baseball bat, from enter the gungeon. Insta-kills most enemies, enough said.
What about minecraft?
Every thing is a weapon
Miss. Moxxi's Good Touch would have been a far better joke weapon that's surprisingly good for Borderlands 2. I feel bad for all the PC gamers who refuse to use a controller for PC gaming, as the friends I play with didn't understand the joke until I told them to plug in a controller and use the gun. XD


Mr. Toots from Red Faction: Armageddon is also a surprisingly effective joke weapon.


Also the Pimp Slap glove from the original Saint's Row.


Then we have the cow launcher from the South Park game for N64. Earthworm Jim, look out!
I thought that this video was gonna be weapons that work in real life
bane is a great weapon the problem is the slow down
In skyrim, the wabbajack could be by far, the most op weapon in the game, turning enemies into a chicken, or a tasty treat, or a frost troll or a dragon... oh wait... Potentially hilarious. Potentially deadly. Lovely
Remember in dead space, when they had the foam hand? that was extremely useful with it's infinite ammo.
* Ahem Ahem *
The sound of the money bundle is just

THWACK
I thought SR4 was going to be on the list
I feel like the “if I was wearing pants” line was bait for someone to make a silly joke, take it literally, and say something in the lines of: ....is that why all camera shots on outsidexbox are from the waist up? 

Surely there’s nobody THAT silly, eh?
Dying Light's Extraterrestial Chicken on a Stick looks hilarious and is one of the most powerful weapons you can make.
Carry one Klobb, you may as well just cough at them.
Carry two, and you're clearing corridors.
I think far cry 5's Shovels and the "Big Pharma" Shovel launcher. The shovel when thrown one-shots all enemies, which by default makes the launcher A menace.

P.S You are able to paint the shovel and carry up to nine shovels.
On Fallout 4 the Most funniest weapon I found was 'The Sharpshooters Rolling Pin'...




Yeah turns out it was better than all my melee weapons at the time
The Morningstar from borderlands 2. A gun that insults you but is overpowered due to its critical hit stacking.
Are we just not gonna talk about ALL the joke weapons in the Tales of Series?
the cash stack in payday 2 was way too OP
kingdom hearts 358/2 days
12:37
Fallout New Vegas has what appears to be a toy gun called Euclid's C-finder that appears to be very useless, that is unless you powered up Archimedes II and you now have access to a space laser
Bane from Borderlands 2 is a awesome gun
ayyyy he got a haircut, so proud
The Red Ryder LE BB Gun in Fallout 2- with the right skills it could 1 shot even the heavily armored Enclave soldiers- heck, it could even take out the final boss in a few shots...
Pfff, everyone knows the Kolibri is OP.
What about the unicorn from Red Faction Armageddon that fires rainbow farts. That was probably the most powerful weapon in the game.
Nice shirt!👍
Pimp smacking enemies with cash.  The slapping sound is hilariously satisfying!
the money bundle in payday 2 used to do 2 damage, a later update increased it to 30 damage
Its not true for Mozambique
What about the wooden sword from Skyrim harthfire DLC you can literally behead mirrak with it fully upgraded
Please do a sequel video! There are so many games that do joke weapons. Thanks :-)
Easy! Broomstick from Assassin's Creed II.
What about the Glock in CSGO?
You forgot the Gallion Gun thing in Dying Light.
No spring-loaded hammer from The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild? If you were anywhere near a cliff, any enemy had no chance.
U missed the rainbow pooping unicorn that turned out to be the best weapon in the game
SO THAT'S WHERE THE SPICY CURRY FROM SMASH BROS COMES FROM
Hm was actually expecting the Dead Space 2 foam finger.
"The 100$ bill is a good weapon in payday 2"
Yeah, good luck doing that on death sentence one down.
You win again Andy. I was Googling how to spell "Miyamoto Musashi" right when you said not explain it in the comments.
I cant help but live bane I actualy love the sounds
But its out weighed by slow
So slow
No love for the infamous chicken gun?
the fish in playstation allstars battle royale.....man... was it strong xD
What about the dubstep Gun from Saint row 4,I don't know about a joke,But that gun's amazing
What about the toy gun from ff7 dirge or cerberus? Fully upgraded it turns into ultima weapon
Castlevania DoS: The Curry is a good weapon for taking down Iron Golems, but the Teddy Bear is even better.
"The Bane"
I'm gonna stop you right there.
Remember that squirt gun from Fallout 4 that did nothing at first, then turned out to fire explosive nuka cola.
Refreshing.
The Gallibri from BF1
The Soap is powerful because it cleanses evil.
What about Fallout New Vegas' "Abilene Kid LE BB Gun"? It looks charming honestly, however when you start using the thing with the right build it somehow becomes a gore splattering killing machine with crits and the Bloody Mess Perk.

(I used a sneak build + Crit perks for maximum Combat and Stealth kill advantage, along with bloody mess.)
Where's the Hand Cannon from Dead Space 2?
Since this is most definitely getting a "commenter edition", would you kindly mention the secret weapons in "Prince of Persia - Warrior Within". From Teddybear to Hockeystick, those things are quiet effective and are all unbreakable".
I knew Bane would be on the list before I even clicked, lol. It’s great for second winds since the movement penalty is negated.
And one day I’m gonna gunzerk with 2 of them. Just cuz. Preferably in a game with someone I don’t want to be friends with. 🤣
The money bundle, I used it to flex the cop and hit them with it.
The epic tastyness of the curry dishes out the maximum taste damage
I'm going to open conversations with this video's intro.
How is the Dead Space Foam Finger not on this list!?

"Bang, bang!" "Pew, pew, pew!"
If characters count as weapons, then jigglypuff in melee
Mr. Toots from Red Faction Armageddon?
Papercuts. thats how the cash weapon works
You forgot the Holy Mackerel from Team Fortress 2
Also for your consideration: Final Fantasy VII, where you could arm Cid with an alarmingly powerful mop.
Guys, seriously!? Golf club, Halo Reach! It’s the best weapon!
The crit is a way better joke weapon for bl2. The best joke weapon however is probably the party popper from tps
Should have been Unlabored Flawless should been top
Bane? Good?
No thanks I'd rather not be deaf
Genuinely upset that the fish sword from the 2002 Lord of the Rings: the Fellowship of the Ring isn't on this list. It's an obscure game but that sword was hilarious and crazy op.
“Bane is really good.” Looks at Sand Hawk and laughs
ok i kind of understand the payday weapon






but its still a freaking melee in payday 2 its not going to do very much
Improvise, Adapt, Overcome.
- Bear grylls
What about the Toy Gun in Dirge of Cerberus, becoming the Ultima Weapon
No Hitman fish? Someone made you an escalation based on it, and this is how you repay them?!
Let's not forget multiple weapons from the Saint's Row series
You ever got soap in your eye?

Yeah its totally an insta-kill.
What? No dildo sword or saints row references? Disappointed!
What about BOTW's soup laddle
Okay, hold up: a game that channels the 1990's increased the damage of a weapon from 9000 points, to more than 9000 points...and NO ONE thought to crack a joke about it?
Preachers right arm from dark souls 3
the teddy bear from prince of persia: warrior within was pretty over powered.
the broken protectorate sword from starbound.
There’s one weapon that comes to mind.
One weapon that ends most lives in a single hit,
One close range weapon to crush them all,
The mighty,
All powerful,
Halo golf club.
Bane is epic, i love that little Screaming Imp of Doom, lol.      RELOAD!!!!
Everquest had a moss covered twig that did almost no damage, but was super fast.  Ended up being the most powerful weapon in the game for a while.  Tanks would dual wield them and have near endless taunts (which is good for a tank) and ended up doing really good damage per second later in the game.  Ahh, I miss those days...
Lmao what can be more effectice than a slipper uses by a mom.







🙂
Destiny 2 tractor cannon. Damage is pretty low but the moment the guy you launched hits a wall, he collapses in on himself, the building crumbles and the whole earth shakes. 5/7 would use again.
What about the Sheepinator from Ratchet and Clank? Turn your enemies into sheep, and if upgraded, makes exploding sheep. Doesn't seem to be a baa-d weapon to have in life.
The huntress boltcaster from Prey is a pretty good example. You think its useless untill you figure out it's pretty good not only for distracting enemies, but also opening locked door, by shooting the switch  from outside the room
What about the %Cu+ie^_^ki||er from Borderlands: Pre-sequel?
where is the kolibri, the most op weapon in bf1?
Omg the bane gun, I just couldn't stop laughing at the funny "screaming" that it made. I was laughing for at least over thirty minutes
In Tales of Symphonia, there's a town that you can visit that's been destroyed but you can pour money into it to fix the town back up and even better than it was before. Fully upgrading this town provides a unique shop that sells joke weapons for the entire group you play as, and most of those weapons can be used all the way to the end of the game. I'm looking at you, Pow Hammer DX for Presea. You're awesome.
I like the joke weapons in the Soul Calibur series
sharkgun in saints row dlc fun and effective
i need all the music from this episode, every single item has music that is TOPS
Does the spring loaded hammer from Zelda botw count as effective?
+10 broken straight sword from dark souls
Dark Souls 2 - Soup Laddle
When your weapon/armor looks trash but has a great stats
Maybe it takes more exposure, but I found Bane absolutely hilarious.
sticky jumper (tf2)
You guys should do a list of times where you had the option to pay for something that you can earn for free in the game
You forgot all non stock weapons in tf2
spent the entire video looking for hitman 2's suitcase
Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow also had the soul system, and just like the one mentioned in the video, you can sling curry if you got the Waiter Skeleton's soul.
You forgot Mr.Toots from red faction armageddon
"Massager"  from Dead Rising
The bane is my favorite weapon actually
Also, anyone remember in AC 2/Brotherhood, how you could pick up a broom dropped by an npc, and use it like a mace? Noise effects and finishers includes, brutal cleanup by Ezio
In a game full of joke weapons, the Sling in Enter the Gungeon stands out to me personally. Notably, the game is filled with guns. This is in fact, just a sling. Kills bosses in a heartbeat nonetheless.
Wooden swords are practice weapons for ninjas
The bird in Rune Factory 4. Can actually realistically knock out Ventiswill
Yeah I wouldn't want to stay in that particular guest house either...
walks into room down the hall containing Succubi, Liliths, Witches, Persephones and Alraune
On second thought, it's not so bad...

Annnnyway, I prefer the cream pie in Castlevania Portrait of Ruin since Richter is not only weak to it but can stun lock him if the move is mastered. Also what about the toy model gun in FFVII:Dirge of Cerberus, once fully upgraded it becomes the Ultima Weapon.
The reoson Bane gets more accurate is because its hyperion type.The less ammo a hyperion gun has the more accurate it is
There's no living down getting killed by someone wielding a ladle in Dark Souls 2.
8:43 look guys it's windshear
Portrait of Ruin's evil cream pie has that curry beat any day.
Bane was my favorite weapon in borderlands 2
How can you dedicate an entire segment to Metal Gear and not mention the cardboard box?
I'm surprised that the chair isn't Corazon.
100 dollar bundle can be quite effective when used on the easiest difficulty..
What about all those love weapons from that one game...hm...can't...remember the name
Broken Straight Sword In Dark soul
The junk jet from fallout 4 seems stupid at first, but it’s actually really useful for getting rid of, well, junk

Also you can upgrade it so it can light your enemies on fire
In Prince of Persia Warrior Within there were a few joke weapons from teddy bears to garden flamingos.
But the best one had to be the Rayman glove, which was able to knock down enemies in one hit for you to finish them on the ground.
No mention of the unicorn from Red Faction?... in disappointed.
Try waving that around in One Down difficulty.
I thought I was the only one that knew what celldweller is but I can hit you playing it during dead rising. Love it
You forgot numerous weapons in tf2
Enter the gungeon has so many of these. From the bullet ( shoots gun), to the lower case r. Especially when you have a good combo
I am sad you don't have footage of Aragorn slapping orcs with a fish-sword in the Fellowship of the Ring game.
3:56 whats a cosmay convention??
8:55 That must be really PAYnful 👌ayyyy
What about the second banana
also, the wooden sword in skyrim that is given as a toy for your child, which can be enchanted to the max possible potential...
The Soup Spoon from Dark Souls 2. Little damage, but with a mundane build it Deals decent damage quickly even when broken - a huge Bane in this game since durability in PC was bugged.
The golf club in the Halo series...
convinced me to buy DUSK
But...the wooden sword wasn't a joke weapon. It's one of the best weapons in the game
Saints row
U know the deal
The stick undertale
Saints row?? Y'all already know what melee I'm talking about
8 30 is this called pay to win?
The Bane was funny
But what about the profanity spouting shotgun from the pre-sequal?
80% of weapons in Enter the gungeon
I love the dosh. Second best melee weapon.
Dantes guitar axe is devil may cry
Literally every joke weapon from the mh world games.
Metal Gear Solid 4 - solar gun

SUNLIGHT!!!
I'd like to submit Trespasser's Human Skull - since you have at least one glitched weapon here, I figure it qualifies.
Trespasser was bugged (and, uh, had a lot of issues altogether) so that the human skull's weight was the highest of any weapon  - but carried a risk, because putting it in your inventory had a chance of registering as striking yourself with it, *which would insta-kill you*.
What about Skyrims Wooden Sword?
Chairs are joke weapons confirmed
In the 80s, I made a cheezy C-64 based game that had multiple weapon selections and had purchasable upgrades. Most weapons were useless, the items known as weapons in the real world were almost always the ones kept and upgraded. My most powerful final upgrade gun was the "rubber band gun" and most powerful final upgrade melee weapon was the "inflatable squeaky mallet". My friends thought the game was easy most of the game and got harder faster than they could progress. My friends who knew my insanity started over when the game started getting hard fast and focused on the insanely asinine weapons. One won the game easy after struggling for over half of it upgrading the rubber band gun and inflatable squeaky mallet to their top tiers. So, I applaud these modern game designers for bringing the fun into modern times. It was a C-64 based game, so the weapon did not have different names, just an upgrade number next to it. Even then (minimal memory use), my cheezy game had to access the disc drives during gameplay.
Please let the Groovitron from Ratchet & Clank be in this!
🤞 See's spoiler list, oh well at least Andy's monologues over the spoiler list is still a thing.👍
No pubg cast iron pan?
Rusted Weapons in Dragons Dogma.


While normally shit, the third upgrade and beyond grants them a  chance to debuff enemy armor, and it's the only weapon type to do so in the game.


The Broken Straight Sword from DS1.


While normally a joke weapon at best, giving a +10 one to the Giant Blacksmith nets you the legendary Greatsword of Artorias, a stat heavy but extremely powerful weapon that kills stuff dead and has a cool af moveset
The Chicken in Drakan: the Ancients Gate. It has the second highest damage output for melee weapons, and it's hilarious
In TF2 there is a rocket launcher that deals zero damage. It was immediately declared OP as it allowed the user to rocket jump like fiends and steal flags with impunity.
"There's probably 3 ninjas in the room with you right now." Unless your name is Mike. Then the ninjas have already been exploded by an assortment of explosive gadgets
Sounds like the wooden sword from Skyrim.
I was hoping for the knife and fork weapons from skyrim.
Soap = Wash. Rinsed. Repeat.
7:20 So its the other escape plan from TF2?
Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin also has a similar weapon, a cream pie that you throw right in your opponent's face. What makes it useful is that it's one of the few items in the game that does "dark" damage. This is especially helpful when fighting against the "Whip's Memory", a doppelganger of previous protagonist, Richter Belmont, who is weak against Dark.

It just feels weird that the best weapon against one of the bosses is a pie that you throw right in their face.
But, The Bane is not a good gun. Not in any way shape of form. Not a good gun at all. I have spent hundreds of hours in BL2 and can conclusively say, Bane is the worst weapon ever designed, it has absolutely no redeeming qualities.  The reduction in the movement speed, moar than makes up for the increased accuracy and damage. 


That said, BL2 would not be so loved, so many years later, without the Dev's ability (and utter willingness) to troll it's own fans. The fact that there is fairly difficult side-quest (If played on level) to get this worthless gun (player was warned, several times), added to the fact that at any skill level, this gun is awful, added to the amount of production time (including voice over) that it took to make this gun so bad, equals a team that loves it's base.
You forgot the finger blaster from dead space 2
Can't believe i actually giggled at this corny british humor
That "Thank you very much ninjas" joke is instant classic comedy gold and the person who wrote it  deserves a raise. Andy deserves a raise too for his on point delivery.
You guys forgot about Team Fortress 2's Jarate, the jar based karate.
12:13 when your on a budget and can't make a sick ass cool gun sound:
Solar gun. Metal gear solid 4. Guns of the patriots. 2 full charged shots can take down a beauty...
If you need a strong weapon you should tell these jokes to your worst enemies
Can you do a ‘night mode’ version of these videos. I like them but the blaring white destroys my eyes in bed 😂
How about doing 7 clever booby traps that caught us by surprise
1.fallout 3 rock-et launcher the weapon is made from old vacuum parts, and basically allows you to fire junk at your enemies, among those junk items are teddy bears, and yes, teddy bears are quite dangerous ammo for the Rock-et launcher..
2. Hellgate London if you are a blade master you can dual wield a pair of cricket bats with the dual wield skill, that can stun-lock enemies into oblivion, and they can also be upgraded to do more damage.. 
3. Border lands 1 has a shotgun that fires rockets..  Yes, rockets from a shotgun..
I've had a bug on numerous occasions where the Bane's sound effect would spread to other guns after switching. I couldn't escape it's shrieks ever until I restarted the game. It was pretty hilarious.
"The bane is a surprisingly good weapon" only at lvl 26. Nice.
You'll all be begging for mercy once I find the secret blueprints to "Who? Me?"
Pichu from smash ultimate?
Maxi's Termite Sticks from Soul Calibur 3. They allowed Maxi to just... endlessly juggle you to death.
I was hoping to see one of the joke weapons from Soul Calibur 2.
How about the fry pan in the original fable game on Xbox?
Oh okay, so we're not going to talk about the penatrator from saints row 3?
Champions of Norrath: Return to arms. When you kill everything to solve problems then you reach Cave Mount Grenidor...
Saints row purple length
I remember one of the most badass samurai or something refusing to use anything other than a wooden sword, don't underestimate a wooden sword
Hitman series, screwdriver. Jane's play through of patient zero is proof of it
7:35 Should that count sense it's a new weapon?
Miyamoto Musashi used boken (wooden practice sword) to kill men in duels. The Eku or (eiku or ieku) was in fact a repurposed oar, many weapons were repurposed farming or fishing equipment.
Tbh anything kind of Weapon can be deadly Central Intelligence proved it
You lost a chance in DoS, iron teddy bear is the best against the iron golem.
What about all the alternate weapons you could get on some Soul Calibur games, like a broom,or an oar.
Wheres tf2?!?!?!? The fish is very effective y’know
Ratchet and Clank 3's Quack-o-ray, get that thing to level 5 and no one stands a chance
Im surprised they didnt mention  Saints row weapons.
I believe y'all forgot the foam finger from the Dead Space series....wait was it a joke weapon?
Either way, it was frigging awesome
Omg I need that donut county t-shirt in my life
Gintama has taught me that a wooden sword is a fantastic weapon
How about the dk pistols from just cause 3
Hitman 2 and Team Fortress 2 are the kings of joke weapons
It's hard to pick just one Borderlands gun when there's also the Morningstar, Boomacorn, Boganella, etc. Although those don't slow your movement speed.
The bane has a bug that transfer the schriek to every of your weapons if you switch during firing, even if you remove it from your inventory and will also affect new weapons
Storm Ruler from Demon's Souls lol
Chicken launcher from redneck rampage on the pc
What about the Dubstep gun from Saints Row? When you first get it it's really just a funny gimmick, but fully upgraded it deals super high damage, causes explosions and has unlimited ammo.
Devil may cry Dr. Faust
If only Mozambique were surprisingly effective, but it's not.
L O D S of E M O N E
Borderlands 2: Grog Nozzle

Normally only available during a quest as a booze-shooting gun to get some dwarfs drunk, most people never complete this quest to keep the Grog Nozzle because it has a really high chance to slag enemies and heals you for a metric ton of your damage dealt.
Final Fantasy 7 Dirge of Cerberus, the toy gun, if you managed to spend the money on its upgrades you NEVER needed another weapon for the rest of the game. lol
Hunting horn from mhw... love that thing
Sick burns are a better weapon
Battlefield V's FP-45 Liberator?
devil may cry 5's dr. Faust hat. It's a damn win button.
Anyone else notice Castlevania has a knack for weaponising food? Cream pieing Richter to death in Portrait of Ruin was surprisingly effective
I actually DO want a second hand ouya. $5
What about a dead rising manequin torso?
This dudes eyes @ 7:30...
I hoped that you would say:
Get over here!
Rat king, 
Destiny 2. 
So first of all it's a side arm, which is by far the weakest weapon type in the game. 
By itself, it is the best sidearm in the game, but it is easily out classed by any decent smg. The worst part is, its an exotic. In destiny you have a kinetic weapon, an energy weapon and a power weapon. But you can only equip 1 exotic weapon at a time. So if you carry a rat king, then you cant use any of the games exotic power weapons which are most of the weapons you want to use. 

BUT, the gun has a perk called Rat Kings Crew. If you are playing with other people who are also using rat king, then the perk will be active. This perk can stack up to 6 times if you are playing with a full team of people using this gun. 

With rat pack times 5 (times 1, is when people have it) 
The gun goes from 300rpm, to 1200rpm, the damage and range increase and the magazine goes from 12 rounds to 24 rounds. 
Making it one of the highest dps guns in the game. And it is by far the most powerful gun that uses primary ammo, which is the most common ammo type, meaning you can use it to kill everything without running out of ammo like you would with any of the few guns that are more powerful than it.
"The Bane". Pffft.


More like, contacting Gearbox tech support because the game I haven't been playing for a loooong while loads up to scream at me and bogs my movement speed to that of a snail.


"The Bane"...
I know that this is kind of cliche and is technically not a weapon, but Magikarp from the pokemon franchise, it's a useless pokemon with an pathetic moveset and stats that's a labor to train, but when it evolves into Gyarados then it's a different beast entirely.

Now it has an impressive movepool that includes Waterfall, Crunch, Ice Fang, Earthquake, Dragon Dance, Outrage, Hydro Pump, Flamethrower, Thunderbolt, Ice Beam and many other moves.  Plus it's two abilities Intimidate and Moxie are very good ones as well, and its Mega Evolution gets Mold Beeaker which is huge as it means Sturdy won't activate.

Not only that but its base stats are quite good even before Mega Evolution, it hits like a truck physically even before a Dragon Dance.  While electric types destroy it and likely outspeed  as Gyarados isnt the fastest thing ever (base 81 Speed isnt amazing), you can almost always switch out to something that has a better matchup.  Outside of the glaring double-weakness to electric types Gyarados is reasonably tanky.  While in competitive it's not that tanky due to threats like Tappu Koko being a thing among other powerful threats, for the story it'll be able to take a few hits and hit right back.

In short the trouble of raising Magikarp early on rewards you very well with the monster that is Gyarados, at a pretty early time in the game to boot as level 20 usually isnt that far into the game so you end up with a powerhouse of an ally.
“Laughs in paydays PENCIL MEELE”
I expected borderlands 2 lmao




Edit: woah never delete borderlands 2 you bastard! I sold  that game and it was the biggest mistake of my entire life
Guys you forgot the best weapon from Dragon Age: Origins. There was the butterfly sword we could give Sten from the Pranks DLC. That sword was awsome.
The ??? Sword
for one every weapon in borderlands 2 is a joke
What about terraria's golden shower, rly...
At least the curry wasn't Gandhi's Revenge. Ask Ian.
Cs go... LMG's? Esspecialy negev
Donut County shirt!
Dark souls 2 - the Ladle.  A literal wooden soup ladle.  Classified as a hammer, with low base damage and terrible scaling. 

Until you put a mundane infusion on it.

Then it becomes the destroyer of casuls.

It was legitimately so brokenly powerful that they actually had to nerf it. 

A joke weapon...and it had to be nerfed.

Imagine...
What about the dead space Foam Finger. Or the Skyrim tes 5 wabajack.
What about Mr. Toots from Red Faction or the Dubstep Gun from Saints Row Four?
I loved bane. I used it because i thought it was hilarious. Banes my buddy
The unicorn from Red Faction?
The Mickey mouse-like glove from prove of Persia the warrior within
What about in botw the springloaded hammer may have less damage then a random stick but 3 hits and your 2 miles away
Left 4 Dead’s pan became a staple of this.
9:00 the old Millwall Brick but with money!
In the old Fallout games (and apparently Wasteland, which I never played), there were Red Ryder BB guns. Pretty silly, right? The description even made a reference to "A Christmas Story," I think. But one of the versions of the BB gun did 1-100 damage, making it sometimes incredibly powerful, especially for high Luck characters.
Why the soap is so powerful, because the enemies drop the soap and it does 100M damage 😏
Hard for me to agree on The Bane from Borderlands 2. In Normal Mode and True Vault Hunter Mode? Sure, solid weapon. But Ultimate Vault Hunter Mode? Usefulness takes a massive nosedive.
Not having good movement in UVHM is a death wish.
Hitman 2016. Explosive Rubber Ducky. Mike Channell's finest moment
Mrtoots from red faction2
Chicken Drumstick in MediEvil. That is all.
tiny tina's teapot
Maybe not a joke weapon per se, but the paper fan from Super Smash Bros. Brawl was pretty damn effective at locking people down for ages while you rack up a lot of damage in the right situations
Payday 2 doesn't work that way.
You realy need too play Monsterhunter. They have a lot of Jokeweapons and many of them arent what bad. 
Felynx and Melynx are one of the best Para Weapons in the Game.
The home run bat from supersmash bros is pretty normal like but can easily kill at high percent also mr Saturn and the fan
why does nobody remember the volume slider on the TV
You didn’t include the Suck Cannon from Ratchet and Clank! Also the Sheepinator.
Crackdown 1 & 2 duck grenade
Vibroblade from South Park stick of truth?
That Miyamoto Musashi sure knew how to use a boat oar sword :P
ah yes, castlevanier.
Broken sword hilt in Dark Souls. Upgrade that beast of a weapon enough and you will truly find the easy mode in Dark Souls....



Which is being as far away from this weapon as possible.
Prey may not exactly fit into this but the  Huntress Boltcaster could actually work on computer screens and could be used as a distraction.
Dubstep gun from Saint's Row 4! It was great at obliterating crowds
What about DK Gun from Just Cause 3
2:38 that's were I'm from 😁
Double trouble gum in clash royale.
For example: The Holy Mackerel from TF2 and probably the lol(l)ichop
I LOVE using bane lmfao
In Infinity Blade Two there's a pair of duel swords that are shaped like giant hams and a rolled up newspaper.
You forget the banana gun from metal gear solid peacewalker
What about the Dubstep Gun from Saints Row 4?
Really can't believe The Penetrator or the FIJ (Fart in a Jar) from Saints row didn't make it on. But Bane definitely has me laughing.
In dragon age inquisition, theres a big razor blade, a wheel of cheese as a sheild, a banana nailed on a board as a sword, and an armor set which is a chain mail bikini.
That rolled up newspaper should come in handy for the sequel when you go toe-to-toe with "man covered in flies".
nothing from soul calibur 2?
I think you forgot the legend of Zelda botw bouncy hammer XD
The broomstick in assassins creed 2?
Water pistol vs man on fire
I don't care if I don't need to explain the wooden weapon; it's a Miyamoto Musashi reference, Andy. ;p
Whn I saw the name of the video I thought of evil smasher, when I saw borderlands was included I said to myself they have to include evil smasher, but nope
7 games that we were actually the antagonist
the meme spoon from tf2
"Game balance? That's cool, but did you see the bar of Soap that does 100 million damage?"
The cheese shield in Dragon Age Inquisition was great. Edit: Just play a Yakuza game. They are full of joke weapons that are way better than anything...
you've clearly never played payday 2
NORMAL DIFFICULTY OH YEA THE MONEY BUNDLE IS SO GOOD
I like the dubstep gun from Saints Row 4 and ray gun from Silent Hill 5
Should of thrown in the box for mgs phantom pain
I was surprised they did not mention any weapons in Team Fortress 2 such as the Mad Milk, Holy Mackerel, The Rainblower, Lollichop, Candy Cane, Wrap Assassin, Mantreads, Jarate, Spy-cicle, and The Ham-Shank. Which are a glass of milk, a fish, a bubble gun, a lollipop, a candy cane, a tube of wrapping paper, boots, a jar of piss, an icicle, and a leg of ham respectively.
Hold the bills the other way and they get a bunch on stinging paper cuts
Unicorn gun from Red Faction?
A little upset to have gone through the comments and not seen anything about Musashi carving a suburito out of an oar on the way to duel Sasaki Kojiro, despite the video telling us not to explain it.
Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days on DS had joke weapons for most of the playable cast. Roxas and Xion had umbrellas, Axel used pizzas, and Saix wielded a gigantic banana among others.
Loved Bane.
What about the fishing rod and bottles from LoZ Ocarina of Time?
LODS OF EMONE!
So my sister just figured out where the chicken on a stick weapon is in Dying Light: The Following...
I'm surprised this video wasn't released on April Fool's Day.
Every 7th weapons in Sengoku Basara 2 in ps2 is Joke weapon
The bane? Effective. Please.
i love bain, is amazing
What? You didn't mention the Optimism shovel from Far Cry 5?
Heh, I honestly didn't know that turning down the volume didn't stop The Bane from shrieking, I just tried it for 5 seconds, realized it were a joke weapon and never used it again, well I did try it on the Final boss (of vanilla) cause I was wondering if their were some dumb easter egg or something.
Shoulda been the grog nozzle for borderlands 2...
The bane isn't even a top 10 smg in the game . Once you get to op 8 it's unusable almost .
number one








Pichu
Toy gun from dirge of cerberus turns into the ultima weapon
Two words: Frying pans.
As seen in Left 4 Dead 2, PUBG, Fable and many others
Teach Magikarp Surf. That's a joke right there.
If you think a wooden sword is a joke, you've never been hit with a Bokken XD
sees Dusk it's the soap, isn' it?
I feel like Uriel's Gift from Destiny 2 could be mentioned. It was an unassuming automatic rifle, but in the crucible in year one? That thing was the equivalent of an automatic rocket launcher. I know it's not a joke I just needed to vent about it.
The ice cream Keyblade in Kingdom Hearts: Birth By Sleep. It looks even more stupid than any other Keyblade in the series, which is an achievement of its own, and the way you get it is so stupid that you think "okay thanks for the gag weapon I guess, maybe I can use it while grinding" and then you look at its stats and it's a pretty damn good Keyblade.
Saints Row's the Penetrator??
Where my ninjas weren't warriors crew at?
you: (wears shirt referencing Donut County)
me: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO




before you ask, yes this is normal and no I am not having a hear attack.
PAYDAY 2,a heist simulator, has a stack of 100$ bills yeah, but ALSO, light and heavy CROSSBOW (yes, for robbing a bank...)
When you get the water gun in Enter the Gungeon, crap weapon but extremely effective against enemies with fire elements
The water pistol is also really useful against the Skulls
one time my dad beat the final boss of diablo with a gnarled root
its me or bane is JoJo reference?
You forgot the shark gun DLC from saints row the third it was so funnn
Tf2 should be here




The market gardner, rocket and sticky jumper, the classic, the uhh sharpened volcano fragment and the vaccinator
those puns...my god, they are bad.
Devil May Cry 5: Pasta Breaker
Saints row? Purple male member
i only clicked for payday 2
This gives cold hard cash new meaning. Next time you want to pick a fight with militarised US police, just stick a stack of Benjamins in the freezer the night before. Bonus points for breaking the law more by destroying money! 👍
Don't drop the soap.
Dakesh from Rune Factory
I thought this was going to be about jokes that were used as weapons.
I'm not taking fashion advice from someone wearing leopard print.
This video reminds me of the joke weapons from the final fantasy series some of them were surprisingly good
Not even a mention of PubG's frying pan?
Don’t forget that one 2D temple game where if you bring a pickle to the very end it automatically kills the final boss
Am I the only one who finds Bane's constant screaming hilarious?
You forgot the knife and fork in Skyrim, which you can enchant into comically good weapons. If you wear the cannibal ring it's even funnier.
Mr Toots. Red Faction  Armageddon.
You went with the bane when the grog nozzle was meant as nothing more than a jokey quest item, yet it became integral to endgame health management?
Anyone explain how Borderlands games have Bazillions of guns?

Is it like this: Say, 100 guns in the game are normal guns, then there are 6 different elements so thats another 600 guns, then there's different attachments, right?
Is that how is works?
And also, want a joke weapon: A fish mace in Warcraft (I have it and its a joke)
Saints Row 4 has left the chat
When I was watching this video I thought to myself at 3:36 oh my goodness she is about to tell us of the most powerful weapon you are able to make in Dead Rising!!!!!! You can only imagine my dismay and horror when hearing that Jane doesn't even make a slight reference to her own infinitely destructive dominating weapon!! As any true Prudence fan Knows, it's the Magnum Force!!!!!!!!!yes that's right Jane has created a Pole weapon that is fully capable of blowing your head clean off at 25 yards away.^.
nothing beats the gunzerker with dual bane
Actually, the wooden sword (boken) has never been a joke weapon.  Read up on Miyomoto Musashi.
Dont forget that "toy" blaster from fallout New Vegas that calls down an orbital strike
you forgot the dupstep gun in saint row 4
Huh... I was sure that the giant... martial aid... from Saints Row would be on this list.
Foam finger from deadspace 2?
Broomstick ac2
Payday 2 needs a belt melee weapon
dai S A D  W E A P O N
When he said that there were probably 3 ninjas in the room I am in actually I was in the bathroom taking a shit while watching this.
Thank you ninjas🙏
No "legacy of kain: defiance" cardboard tube? "Fear the tube!"
Final Fantasy 7 Dirge of Cerberus
Toy Gun (Fully upgraded: Ultimate Weapon)
Broken Broadsword from Starbound?
9:30 im pretty sure you can't say that while wearing a leopard print top...
I didn't know that the water gun was supposed to have a gun.
I need bane just to tease my friend :D
Yes its back airhorn airhorn
The money bundle in payday 2 sounds like the person is spanking the enemy
I clicked on this video just to see if the water pistol was on here! in the middle of playing through MGSV for the first time atm
the most Beano from tabs because he is kind of bad usually but if you put a bunch of cheerleaders around and you were trying to a tornado
The dido sword from saints row
Hitman: Contracts - Cardboard Tube. 
It was way too awesome.
What about The Holy Mackerel lol
Jake Paul's Ego
Anyone who has played payday for ten seconds on any difficulty above normal knows that melee sucks in payday
How about tiny pistol, Saints Row 4
The wooden sword in Lufia 2 (atleast in the german version it was a wooden sword) you can get in the casino is also quite useful. It deals almost no damage with regular attacks but has one of the strongest special attacks in the game. It hits the enemy for 25% of their current health and it works on every single enemy including the final boss.
Demopan and Demoham would like to have a talk with you.
Bounce ball from mega man 11?
Water gun from warface
😂😂😂😂 of course the bane is on here 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
What about the Philishave Cool Skin from 007: Nightfire?
For almost my entire life I had been living next to a kindergarten. I rather deal with Bane 24/7 than with those 6 hours on weekdays while the kindergarten was opened.
coughs Saints Row Middle Finger and Dildo blades coughs
Bane is the funniest gun in BL2.
His wonky eyes are a weapon
For borderlands 2 the fibber needs a mention.
Is there a commentator's edition of most powerful weapons in games only discovered near the end of the game?
that moment when the weapons are funnier than the script
65 pieces of chocccolate.
Casual Gear (AKA Joke Weapons) - Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days
In Bullet Force...You use your own hand to shoot people in FPS
you guys forget Mr. toots from red faction Armageddon?
EVERY WEAPON USED BY THE JOKER.
9:33 yeah like the shoulderless tops
Come on, jokes weapons that are actually effective the wabbajack from skyrim
The toy crossboy in Prey 2017. The thing does 0 damage, but it can be used to distract enemies and activate switches from a distance, which can lead to you bypassing some security doors that would otherwise require a higher level of hacking or to turn into a small prop and go trough a tight space earlier in the game (even before you get the chance to get the said abilities developed)
Also, what about The Penetrator in Saints Row The Third ? That is an actually amazing melee weapon!
What about a shotgun that shoot a swords? Its from borderlands 2 btw, the tiny tina dlc
Iron Golem's only scary if you don't have the magic carpet.
Ok YouTube I watched it
i was hoping the foam finger from dead space 2 would make the list because its a joke weapon but powerful as hell
WHY A WHITE BACKGROUND? Thats so damn bright.
Excuse me were is the penetrator from saints row
The Giant Door Shield from Dark Souls 3. It's literally a set of doors that you pick up and use to bash your enemies. That may sound stupid, but the doors can block all physical damage while you're attacking, making it effective against groups of enemies or against other players.
No Prince of Perisa Warrior withins White glove flamingo or hokey stick?
I'll give you 2 bucks and a pair of socks for that ouya
I am suprised there's no dead space
Cant forget the cow launcher from south park!
That ouya reference though 😂
I was expecting the wooden sword from skyrim, but a different wooden sword was in the vid instead, neat
Dont end every point with a lame joke.
Oi Oi Oi, the money bundle causes paper cuts, paper cuts are lethal you'd be surprised
Huh, I figured the gadoid gun from Dying Light would be here.
I miss Heretic and Hexen! I played the hell out of those!
Curry? Demons? It sounds like Sebastian’s house.
How about the Armchair-A-Geddon from Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell, it should've been on the list
What about the fish from Hitman 2? Best way to knock someone out
the bane, had it not been a massive mobility nerf, would be my gun of choice in borderlands. it annoys EVERYONE lmao
Honorable mention to the Rolling Pin in Fallout 4 (by the time you collect one, I guarantee you'll have better melee weapons) and the Wabbajack (spelling?) In Skyrim. The quest to get it, the book about it, everything related to it seems to be a joke
The payday 2 one is so false lol
What about the broom in assasins creed that kills anything
tried to rob a rich man once he just pulled out a fat stack of hundred dollar bills and beat me until i was in the ICU
5:30 lol hey its not like they forced u to go pantsless 😂
The wand in calamity
How about the wooden sword in Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance?
What about dead rising 1's manaquin torso? That thing was kinda rediculous.
what is the background music in the start?
What about the wing divers laser chainsaw from earth defense force 4.1.
everyone should uninstall borderlands 2, just to be sure you're not playing a terrible game
Bain's last reloading scream sounded like a grunt from halo
Long Live the Bane

and ashly burch’s talented shrieks
"Milay" is not a way of saying melee smh
OH JOKE WEAPONS NOT JOKER WEAPONS
tedicore time.
Mozambique has entered the chat
Nevan from Devil May Cry 3. I mean it was part scythe, but the first time I got it I thought the guitar form was a joke or something. Then I used it for the first time and realized it was the best weapon for crowd control

Elecrtifying a room full of demons with rock n roll was SSSatisfying
Anyone else remember when the money bundle in Payday 2 was called the Grand Slap?
saints row swords which are d..do's
What about the fibber from borderlands 2
One I want to bring up is binding of isaac, soy milk. Normally the item is useless and barely raises your dps, at best. Then you get libra and it is an instant win, raising your damage to ridiculous levels on par with an item that slashes your fire rate to be balanced, but with a fire rate FASTER THAN THE CAP
Did anyone else think it was strange that Ryu kills all the ninjas in the first mission in Ninja Gaiden 1? They were not actually his enemy.
The Hand in Bullet Force
The guy in the beginning has an awesome power to look into the camera while reading the script
Saints row tho
11:20 i think they did that because they realized it aught to be over 9000...
For the commenter edition:

1. Boxing gloves from black ops 3 multiplayer

2. The lightsaber from infinity blade 3 (it does like 10 damage and is the most expensive thing in the game)
damn catelvania area of sorrow was soo good back then XD
the most Beano from totally accurate battle simulator because if you put a bunch of cheerleading equity trying to annoy tornado
You out the plate of curry in there but not the hp/mp swapping Cape? It kills the iron golem in a single hit, as it has 0 mp!
First thing I thought of when I saw the title was the bane, so glad to see it on here.
What about the Hand Cannon from the Dead Space series? A giant foam hand that DEMOLISHES Necromorphs.
Hopefully the curry will curry you thru the game
Your eyeball could be a weapon
Is the penetrator from Saints Row 3 worth mentioning? Thing blew up cars with enough swings, moreso than any other melee weapon before getting into endgame upgrades
Well now they can really say that money is the root of ALL evil lol
Though this may be a bit of a stretch, but I'd say the Kolibri from BF1. Though it's the weakest gun in the game, it has no recoil, high fire rate, and has a headshot multiplier of x5. Though it still takes 4 bullets to the head to kill, it's a massive troll weapon if you sneak up on someone or use it on an already weakened enemy. To further add to the troll factor, you can place explosives on a vehicle or low health behemoth and use the Kolibri to detonate it since it will be labled as a Kolibri kill. There's a reason the community jokes about it being overpowered.
Any melee weapon in Payday 2 that doesn't stun enemies is pretty useless if you ask me.
I enjoy the sociopath jokes
Where was dying lights cardboard chicken?
I love game ending cops with money!
Let's not forget the entire set of joke weapons in Tales of Symphonia for Gamecube. Never was death by paper fan, broom, and plastic hammer so swift and assured.
The humble Brick from the Timesplitters series.
No enter the gungeon? That game has like everything from these games you mentioned and more
The fan in Brawl
Payday 2 spoilers?
The foam hand in Prince of Persia Warrior Within. You can find it at a point in the game where your main sword is broken, and the hand does lots of knockback so even it it takes you ages to kill anything, you'llave a much easier time of things with this otherwise gag weapon.
Every gun in the Saints Row Series has entered the chat
No saints row weapons :(
Is it me or does it seem as something is off with his eyes?
Imagine beating people with a fish
No foam finger from Dead Space nor ladle from Dark Souls 2? Absurd!
What about the Pasta Breaker in Devil May Cry 5?
I never tried spit ball gun, that changes everything
The dildo sword from saints row sends people flying
Iron Golem is not a boss.
in grim dawn there is an epic leg armor by the name of soiled trousers which literally gives you the skill throw feces 
and it does a shit ton of damage (pun intended)
Wooden sword from skyrim..
hmmm cash as a melee weapon....a joke version of pay to win perhaps? XD
So THAT'S where the curry in Smash comes from!
The foam finger hand cannon is the strongest weapon in the game, and it's pure satire
Funny that he couldn't handle his spice, I would have figured that golem had a cast iron stomach.
First time i used bane i almost shit myself. It scared the living hell out of me 😕
You forgot the airhead gun from just cause 3
Payday 2's Cash

Off course its useful!


On Normal Difficulty



Try that shit in Death Wish and then say its useful.
>from circa
In that last game he doesn't mention that inorder to get the soul, you have to kill that same guy like 100 times.
In the US Final Fantasy 2(IV everywhere else and now), on the Super Nintendo, had the most unlikely of these weapons. You can get a spoon from Yang's wife that Edge the Ninja can throw. It does the most damage of any of the attacks done against the final form of the end boss. A freaking SPOON!
The shotgun from borderlands pre sequel
you forgot to put anthem lvl 1 weapon there
H E S C O M I N G T O O ? R O G E R T H A T
payday 2 money bundle strong... lmao. goodlcuk on deathwish with that
See, you assume that youre not playing 4 player, and that everyone doesnt have a bane... can confirm that it definitely doesnt lose its charm.
Hi outsidexbox, love your content as always
I thought the plate of curry came from Super Smash Bros. It looks similar.
I used the smg at the end all the time it mixed with my psycho so well i could never get rid of it.
I like how the "spoilers for the following games" section of the video is essentially a spoiler for the video
Didn't capcom patch that exploit in dead rising 2
Some weapons from Saints Row III/IV and Gat Out of Hell count.
Dead space 2 foam finger
Have you ever done a joke character video because I know a character that is a joke but very strong
9:32 Kryoz is that you?
Saints row D Bat
The Brick: Timesplitters: Future Perfect, a 1 hit kill brick in a game where rocket launchers and sci-fi guns can't 1 hit kill.
damn shame they chose to do the bane from bl2 instead of the fibber's game breaking amazingness
Uh, you know the main purpose of the water pistol is to put out barrel fires so you can sneak past them, right?
Anything's a weapon if you can throw it with enough force.
when i saw this video, i immediately thought poop hammer from deathspank. but alas.
Pretty much every gun in Enter the Gungeon
While there are some normal guns, let's be real, most of them are just crazy gun puns in physical form
Imma simple man

I see chains in thumbnail


I click
Whats with skyrim? You can use a kitchen knife and a FORK to kill someone. The knife has a base damage of 2 and the fork 1.
where's magikarp
I used Bane as my main...
8:50 only if you're playing on easy... where cops take 3 days to aim and 6 days to shoot.
The fishing rod from Zelda: Twilight Princess is one of the most useful items for the final boss, since you can use it to distract Ganondorf and get some easy hits in.
The payday money bundle is not good unless you are playing on th lowest difficulty
Fallout's nuka cola watergun from 4 or that one posidon energy gun from fallout new Vegas
What about the knife and fork in Skyrim, you can enchant them to one hit kill dragons and giants
Breath of the Wild's Korok leaves really packed a punch, I always had one on hand in my playthroughs of the game
Mine would be the wind gun in just cause 4
What about the skull from halo 3
What? I could have sworn I tried using the water pistol on the man on fire. It was a while ago but I'm sure I got a message saying I'll need more water than that. Was it added in an update?
Where is the Prey foam dart gun!
bruh look at tf2




a golden frying pan worth 2000$ that u can sell
Ducky Grenade Crackdown 2? Most powerful explosive EVER(in that game). Can throw multiple at once and detonate at the same time. Go up to a wall, look down, and stick on to yourself and Jihad bomb people. Quacks aswell. Cmon guys...
joke at the beginning had good timing, replayed it a few times.
Tatchancas lmg
the sheep/quackinators from the ratchet and clank series are some of the best mid-range weapons in the games, yet all they do is turn your enemies into ducks or sheep... level them up and they're exploding ducks or sheep, but you're still only turning your enemies into animals xD
Didn't see Market Gardener anywhere here
unliked and unsubbed
Earthworm Jim 3D (don’t judge me I was 10 and I adored it) had that egg gun.
Try dual-wielding bane, you Will love it
All from dead rising
Decides to use a joke Payday2 Melee Weapon in the video about joke weapons that are actually good.
Proceeds to use one of the weakest joke Payday2 Melee Weapon which is NOT good but ignores other joke weapons that ARE good.
Completely ignoring the Flag weapon (aka Spear of Freedom) which does 450 damage instead of the 90 damage that the money bundle does with far better knocking power.


Let us compare the two joke weapons shall we? Money Bundle is a 30(55) weapon with 90(110) knockback and 1.5m of range. Flag is a 70(450) weapon with 70(450) knockback and 2.75m of range. Whoever was responsible for that clip using the Money Bundle should slap themselves over the head with that weapon for making such a mistake. No, seriously, do it. Not like the Money Bundle can kill anything on higher difficulties or has enough range to be useful.



For obvious reasons, no one uses the money bundle, a lot of people use the Flag. Terrible video segment selection outsidexbox.
Not surprised to see borderlands 2 lmaoo
R2DA Toybow. Only chill kids know what that is
Where is Postal 2?
9:58 I think the word you really meant to say instead of those three was QUAKE.
What about the game "Soul Knight"? It has many weapons in it that u wouldn't expect to be a weapon, like a carrot or vine, but they end up being some pretty good weapons
Imma just gonna say the broom from assassin's creed 2
The Monkey Gun from Timesplitters: Future Perfect empties its entire (ludicrous) clip every time you pull the trigger. It's less about finding an enemy, and more about finding as many enemies in a single file as you can
Surprised they mentioned CV:DS's curry and not Portrait of Ruin's pie vs Whip Memory.
Why hasn't anyone mentioned the cow pistols from Just Cause 3?
Lmao. Parents can be deadly with anything
Bane= the annoying orange of projectile weapons
The poop gun from strike force heroes 2
Like upgrading the wooden sword in TESV Skyrim to all max using smithing potions and a amulets and rings to improve it even further.


Weapons get good already at below 100dmg but you can seriously get the wooden sword to do over 200dmg. It becomes a very funny bossfighting weapon.
I feel like the hockey stick and flamingo in the second Prince of Persia game deserve a mention.  Flamingos never say die!
For payday 2 it would be the electric knuckles it can stun a cloaker mid jump and keep in mind a cloaker downs you in a quick move just saying
That one rainbow sword from Diablo 3
The stale humor would be alright if this channel didn’t seem like a YouTube plant
The stale humor would be alright if this channel didn’t seem like a YouTube plant
You don't know tru he'll until you use two Bane's with the gunzerker
Im pretty sure the soap was probably in their for the developers to test their game and they forgot to take it out.
all fortnite weapons have entered the chat
Just play with the sound off while listening to music for bane lol
Oh, MGS5 has more than just the water pistol.


Out of ammo? There's a stationary guard up there that needs KOing? No problem! Order a supply drop to land on his head, and it's goodnight. Also, you get ammo, so you don't have to resort to that humiliating tactic again for a while.
I'm disappointed you didn't cover Mr. Toots from Red Faction: Armageddon. Seriously, as far as surprisingly effective joke weapons go, a flatulent unicorn that 'shoots' destructive rainbows is about as effective and joking as you can get.
Theres literally a Plunger melee weapon that can be obtained in Black Ops 3 zombies in Der Eisendrache that one shots zombies up to round 75.
8:48 seto Kiba? Is that you
I seriously wanna know who the person who went into dead rising think "YEA. Im gonna beat a helicopter with a ping-pong ball gun
you should have mentioned in the title it was about video game's! thanks for wasting my time!
Very very old school, I found a shield in a MUD back in the 90s, that made you immune to energy based attacks, and bounced any that came at you back to the source, modified to be unaffected by resistances.  The cost of this was it had a roughly 25% chance to randomly scramble your movement direction when you had it anywhere in your inventory, even in a bag.
 
The thing was dangerous when wielded against mages, but more or less allowed you to solo dragon bosses.  You just got really really badly lost if you tried to run away while carrying it.
what is this man looking at
Foam finger in Saints Row 2 anyone?
Thank you. Finally someone that lists all of the games that might be spoilered in the BEGINNING of the video
wow, not the foam finger from dead space????
The bane is amazing
No mention of the dubstep gun from Saints Row 4?
Pokemon - one Pokemon, Tropius, is the living effective joke weapon of Diamond and Pearl. Seriously, I know I didn't expect a flying-enabled Palm tree monster to be able to beat the Elite 4, twice, when I played the game.
Spoilers in payday 2 😂😂
I really love using ridiculous Weapons to kill people with.
How is the monster hunter fish sword not on here?
That sound Bane makes reminds me of a Native American or a Confederate war cry. I kinda want to by BL2 now...
What about dead rising 2 OFR where u can use catchup and mustard as a flamethrower if u have any of the chief items on??? Pretty useful weapon against zombies.
Weak, you play on normal!
I work on aircraft you can bring a helicopter down with a ball launcher its called F.O.D. literally throw rocks into the inlet
i like the donut county shirt dude :)
melee. malay...
But what isn't a joke in Borderlands?
Dildo from Saints row?
I remember when this guy did bets you always win or whatever
Wabbajack, Wabbajack!
Lol wooden sword on minecraft always usefull. U can use to chop down tree, mining stone all kill any living things. But u need to be patient 😂
Payday 2 is a joke as a whole game
Dead space 2  and 3 the foam finger
killing someone with a broom in assassins creed brotherhood :D
Groovitron from Ratchet and Clank. Mostly it’s there to make enemies get down to those funky beats in a variety of amusing ways. Side effect is the rhythm has certainly got them and even tanks are defenceless as you smash them to bits.
Is that the guy from MIB?
Terraria
Another powerful joke weapon is in terraria, where the meowmere sword is annoying as he'll, but has the best damage out of every  sword in the game, like the BANE from the video.
I gotta see this special thing on the chair. I can’t not see it!
[anoying sound]
Unlabored flawlessness is a move that you can use with the GRA exclusive kitana weapon in fallout New Vegas
The broom from assasin's creed 2
What about the Dark Souls 3 chaos dagger, one of the worst weapons with the highest crit multiplier?
Roses are red my pp is in pain
.
.
.
.
.
.Thanos dies in endgame
Borderlands 2’s Bane is just hilarious just because the screaming.
in real life wooden swords can be dangerous. in fact people have been killed by them.
I found the bane from bl2 rather humorous
Nice donut country shirt
Saints row gat out of hell
What about Eltonbrand form Morrowind
Dawn of sorrow has a teddy bear weapon.
8:14 When someone says "You got that gas money?"
I play borderlands and its such a good gun but i hate using it
do the opposite video for this
oh i know was a very good joke weapon payday 2 a bundle of money i like to say want some money i loved hitting the cops with a bundle of money
Fallout: New Vegas
Euclid C Finder!
Let’s admit, you thought it was an alien water gun until you found out it can rain hell on your enemies
That doesn't even scratch the surface of the terrifying potential of the money bundle in PAYDAY 2!


The skill pumping iron increases melee damage by 100%, berserker gives you an additional 250% melee damage, bloodthirst gives you a potential 1600% melee damage buff and lastly the OVERDOG perk gives you a flat 10x extra melee damage! That's 6,545,000 damage!


For reference the gun that does the highest in game damage is the anti-tank rocket launcher with 12,500! The money bundle at maximum potential will literally one-shot EVERYTHING in the game!!!
did you guys not play portrait of ruin they have creme pies and paper planes as weapons
The bane sure is a pain
I agree with most of this list but the money bundle from payday 2, the money bundle is really only capable of killing enemies on the lowest difficulty which are rarely used mission difficulties. It isn't useful for stealth as it can be just as effective as any other melee weapon
no dubstep gun?
The dubstep and shark guns from Saints Row series, anyone?
What about the muffin from maize?
But the Bane is a pretty bad gun, pretty much unusable past normal mode.  The Evil Smasher would be a better gun for this list, useless weapon with poor stats but the chance when reloaded to get much better stats.  Plus the fact that originally it was bugged and that buff could be applied multiple times to any weapon in your load out, thus turning any gun into an unstoppable killing machine.
The sheep gun from strike force heroes
You missed one. Dead rising off the record. Wearing chef costume and using the mustard. Terrifying results
What about the flexi bolt caster from prey 2016? I mean it doesn't work as a weapon but is still very useful
What about the Kolibri?
Soft Touch in Divinity Original Sin 2. These gloves break your arms when equiped. The elf who sells them in Act 4 also sells a weapon that sets a bomb on you and other weapons with really bad side effects. But Soft Touch on the other hand gives your character +5 Intelligence (for magic attack), +5 memory (lets you equip more skills), and gives you an additional healing spell. At this point in the game I found my mage using skills every turn and almost never using their arms for normal attacks. In retrospect I should've used them. 








Trails in the Sky. The main character Estelle takes a break to go fishing and one of the items you can get are the "Holey Boots". Their defense is low, but they give the character wearing them +3 to movement. Most you can get is +2 movement so they can be nice if you're willing to sacrifice the defense and walk around in holey boots.
Hey wangheads, your title is so much click-bait I want to take that chair and use it! Faking C*nts!
That one time you used a meter long purple rubber shlong to melee your way through Saint's Row 3rd...
You for got just cause 3 the air balloon gun
1.The dooty launcher form Strike Force Heros 2
How about throwing sen in sekiro?
Meowmere in Terraria
What, no mention of Saints Row's The Penetrator?
I thought dusk was just killing the KKK
Dont forget all of the comical weapons in all of the Soul Calibur series. I distinctly remember there being a sausage rope sword instead of ivy's signature weapon. Others being things such as large cutlery, a hoola hoop, and a squeaky hammer
you guys seem to future all the games that arent very with this age
The Payday one is so wrong. Anyone who frequently plays a difficulty higher than normal/hard would know that melee is an awful choice in all situations. All enemies have at least 80 health tops. (not including security guards, health is increased by difficulty, for normal and hard starting at 80, and rising above to 160 at very hard, 240 at overkill, and 480 at mayhem and above.) Keep in mind that this is the minimum health. For normal and hard it is 3 swings to kill an enemy. This is reasonable, but considering that the minimum melee weapons can do is 30 damage, melee becomes  less useful as you proceed to get better at the game and play higher difficulties. You'd be better off using the katana, ice pick, EBK, buzzer, kunai knife, syringe, or any maximum concealment stealth oriented melee. Though you could argue that this is a "joke weapon" and its "effective", the only joke going on here is Payday 2's melee system, and melee was never very effective to begin with unless you're using sociopath and/or bloodthirst. Yeah, there's a pretty decent knockdown chance, but almost all melee weapons are reskins of eachother and only a few have unique attributes and therefore you're probably going to find something statistically similar/identical. And did I mention almost all of the good melees are locked behind DLC? Once again, it may be on this list because it's a "joke weapon" and its "effective" but only to a certain degree. 


tl;dr, melee in pd2 is flawed, most melee weapons are the same thing, health increments for higher difficulties does not help the weapon's case, its a 30 damage bundle of cash that you smack cops with 80/24,000 health with. While it is a fun novelty joke it is not effective in any way for gameplay of any more experienced player. (And with pd2's learning curve being fairly easy to understand this also doesn't help). Not gud.
the knife and fork build in skyrim
Saints row anyone?
what about knife and fork from skyrim?
Don't forget the kendama from Tales of Symphonia. 
You can summon hurricanes, meteors and fire storms with a kid's toy, along with bludgeon people in the head with it.
forgot deadspace foam finger.
Pure decoy launcher from Earth Defense Force, actually seems useful as it launches the deployable decoy unlike the unlockable one the air raider gets.


Mantler puts it best in their steam review "Unique weapon. Won't find anything like it in the game. Surprisingly good for a fanservice weapon. Can see use even in Inferno difficulty, provided it's used properly. I think it's possibly the best dlc item. Definitely worth it, and I'm not even considering the fun you'll have with it."
I fill like Skyrim’s wooden sword should be In here
the money bundle really isn't that effective, use it at anything higher than hard and it'll basically be useless
2:08 I didn´t know that. Seems like everyday I learn something new about MGSV...  Didn´t know that D-Dog would shake off the water if you get him wet either!
Jane, I don’t think you’ve got any room to talk about "regrettable fashions" while wearing that shirt.
Yeah these are useless but effective, but have you ever heard of Copper Shortsword?
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-loading
Another good joke weapon from Castlevania is the Cream Pie from Portrait of Ruin. Normally, it would just be a good joke to pie someone in the face with it, and since it deals Dark and Crushing damage, assumedly from the soul crushing embarassment, it's not too great against the big bads of the castle. One person in particular it's good against though, is the spirit of Richter Belmont, who just so happens to be weak to Dark element attacks, and is the one barrier between you and the ultimate version of the Vampire Killer whip.
You forgot about literally almost anything you can pick up in hitman. 47 can turn anything into a weapon of mass destruction
people have probably said this before but Andy reminds me of 3kliksphilip so much
I'm surprised the dildo bat in saint row IV re election day isn't included, the damb thing is soooooooo good
is no one gonna tell them that melee is the worst option in payday?
Click baited I though y’all were gonna teach me some newer roasting tricks that will destroy everyone
Fallout New Vegas, the holy hand grenades. God, I wish i could have more than 3 of them without mods...
I think the best part of the Money Bundle is that if you use any of the melee-focused perks and a perk deck with Overdog, it can outdamage a lot of guns.
How about the letter r in enter the gungeon?
So no BB gun from the original Fallout?
I got another Castlevania one. In "Portrait of Ruin", a surprisingly good weapon against the soul of Richter Belmont is...cream pies. They're one of the only subweapons in the game that are darkness-based, which he's weak against, and they're just the right size and trajectory that the AI gets hit by them, aborting his attack, almost every time.
What about the penetrator from saints row 3
That dild* in saints row 3
0:16 What's that ninja game?
Thrist zapper from fallout 4 ?
It started out as a water gun but upgrade it and it basicly became a handheld fatman
Oh, I thought you meant IRL
Shouldve did the penetrator from saints row
Lol dont forget the creampie for portrait of ruin its very effective against the whip memory
Destiny 2’s tractor cannon

Literally it was required to complete some raids it was so powerful. 
Plus it had the affect of half life’s gravity gun just to spice it up
100 bills on payday is the best on VR right next to the syringe
The dude not looking directly at the camera while talking is weird AF.
You forgot the pencil
Fun fact: the money bundle is the 2nd weakest weapon in Payday 2
The Bane...
Balloon of war
Then there's that leaf in Breath Of The Wild
7:25 Gintama approves
If you want to have a Godly item Use the skateboard from skate 3 of doom (Its a lightsaber but on wheels!)
For payday 2 I thought they were going to do the vape bow
Plunger from Adventure Quest
that suggests there are 21 billion ninjas in the world
No holy hand grenade?
the original Fallout games: BB Gun. 
Hint: Aim for the eyes!
Uhhh i actually cant believe the wabajack from skyrim isnt on this list 
I remember i killed a dragon priest instantly or that one dagger that has a percentage of insta killing anyone
You guys have some pretty good content but your jokes are soooooooo lame.
What eye do i look at
Haven’t watched it yet, the foam finger from Saints Row 2 better be in here
Whaaaaa. No mention of the Yakuza series mighty Traffic cone? Or fearsome Hot Sauce? Or the Umbrella? Or Ashtray? Lamp? Motorcycle?

Yakuza has a lot of weapons that are jokes, jokey, or just plain ridiculous is me point.
Dubstep gun
So the wooden sword is actually a paddle?
Where were the fork and knife from Skyrim? if you enchant those bad boys they're actually pretty effective!
Wheres the zeus from csgo?!?!
Because of the animes that i am currently watching the ninjas in my room are to busy cutting onions to cut me...
ninjas didn't  katanas
Oddjobs HAT anyone.
Reloadin!
(Cool Jazz music) Andy saying slightly violent things in the background.
I like the way bane's noise is litteraly just captioned "(annoying noise)"
11:26 so you’re saying that now it’s over 9000!
Honorable mention: the ham, spoon and cheese wheel easter eggs from Dragon Age Inquisition! Nothing better than arming Iron Bull with a spoon and letting him loose!
The stack of 100 dollar bills is actually useless when you play above overkill in payday 2
A wad of cash is the best weapon when you have a steel bar in between the bills
Make a reverse of this! "7 serious weapons that were a joke"
The klobb should be there
Houkai3rd's Tuna sword.
It's.
A.
Literal.
Tuna.
I don’t know why but this channel always reminds me of that tv show xplays from way back when.
At least they didn't put the kolibri
I use the money stack on one down death sentence thanks to the blood thirst and berserker skills. Blood thirst takes less skill points though so I never leave without it!
What about the penetrator from saints row?
Aaaand you forgot Rainbow Cannon from Red Faction:Armageddon. It is the most hillarious joke weapon ever. And it' basicaly strongest in the game.
the historical japanese duelist miyamoto musashi killed a man in a to-the-death duel using a wooden sword, that supposedly he carved on the way there, from a broken oar .. the wooden katana (a bokken), is intended for practice, but its no joke weapon! Its definitely hard enuf to cave a skull in with
Can't believe you left out the Foam finger gun from Dead Space 2. Used no ammo and one shot most necromorphs.
#1 the saints row penatrator
no penetrator from saint's row 3?
Uhhhhh Saints Row 3 The Penetrator?
Knife and fork dual wield in Skyrim
the ww2 shovels.
Imagine responding to a heist, just for the robber to smack you like lil tay on a sunday.
On potrait of ruin there is a weapon called cream pie its one of the only weapons of dark attribute in the game where most enemies are resistant but there is a boss fight with the last belmont of the time and he just so happens to be weak to dark dying after a couple dozen pies to the face
Andy looks like Ian from smosh
Speaking of weapons, you guys should do a list of weapons that were not worth all the trouble you had to go through to get them. For example, that one quest in Dying Light where you had to find moonstones, but to do so you had to activate a generator that attracted to you virals and it turned off every couple of seconds. After the quest, you are awarded with weapon that does… Literally 0 damage. Like, none. Not even one.
lol what the weird matrix esk powers you can get from  Saint Rows isn't here? Or basically all the balloons you can attach to anyting in Just Cause 2?
The Gonzo Gun from The Suffering. It's basically a chicken that shoots eggs that for some reason cause enemies to explode in one hit.
Blood money
Yup. They knew what they were doing with the water pistol. Short circuiting generators? It's a water pistol! Electronics don't exactly work well with water. Attention to detail.

It's like a fork or a box, or even a magazine in MGS3. It may be almost useless, but anything can be used. Take the box for example. It can get you around the most fortified base easily! Use your environment as a weapon. I could see that as being in a book that teaches about survival and stealth.
In South Park N64 you could throw a cow on your enemies, and the cow would be "used as a hat" by them (if you know what I mean).
Fish weapons from soul knight
5:28 just gonna take that out of context
Number 8: The foam finger from Dead Space.
Actually, with Japanese wooden swords, one can easily break limb bones if used correctly.
your comedy is so stale
Why didnt u say about jarate ?
Dubstep gun?
Probably about half the weapons in EDF. The Splash Grenade weapons especially come to mind.
Rubber Ducky explosives from Hitman (2016) and Hitman 2 (2018).
Jarate
Try clearing a Death Sentence mission with just that money bundle and then talk to me about how good it is.
BL2 has so many guns that were supposed to be gimmicks like the Rough rider that gives you 0 shields but ends up being op af, or the old Evil Smasher glitch where you could 1 shot anything in the game if you had the patience to wait, the morning star that could absolutely mess anyone up with enough crits to the face.
You guys are obviously running out of content. Because you're not even in the top 10 people that have already made this same video.
The fallout water gun wasn't listed?
You use a squirt gun to short circuit a specific kind of powerarmor
Box cutters in 9/11 should be top 1
The blackjack from Witcher 2, beat that game on the hardest difficulty with that thing, easy.
When i saw Castlevania: DoS on the list i first thought id find the Teddybear on the list, which looks like a very useless weapon, until you read the description and not only find out that its filled with iron sand and also puts a curse on your enemies.
Surprised there wasn't the normal gadoid gun you get in dying light
Is no one going to mention the Red Rider LE bb gun in Fallout 2 (and possibly 1)? Not only did it do a respectable amount of damage, but I seem to recall that if you managed to hit someone in the eyes it was an instant kill.

SARCASM Strange, I wonder why that is...
⭕:❌ Nice video ! ⭕:❌
(unlabored flawless victory)
How about basically half of all melee weapons in Team Fortress 2?
0:18 what game?
What about the secret fish sword I’m fighting fantasy
The water gun did not work against the man on fire at least not when I played
I've spent at least 10 minutes squirting burning man with a watergun and it did nothing.
Whenever you hit someone in Payday 2 using the money bundle it sounds like you just smacked someone in the face
tfw a shovel in farcry 5 is one of the most devastating weapons
Omg babe from borderlands 2 is one of my favorite guns and I always beat handsome jack with this😂
I don't think the Wooden Sword really qualifies specifically because you can upgrade it to the Unlabored Flawlessness. When it's still the Wooden Sword it is and remains to be very underpowered - upgrading the weapon basically makes it something else entirely.

The Pimp Cane in Saints Row 2, however, as ridiculous as it is, is one of if not  most powerful weapon in the game, capable of downing armored helicopters in just a few well-placed (or not) shots.
my friend's Borderlands 2 glitched one time, and the glitch caused every gun he ever shot to make the Bane's sound effect. don't know what caused it though...
You forgot the enter the gungeon microtransaction gun...
If you did'nt play Dead Rising 2 with the short shorts and tied tshirt, idk whats wrong with you
so who rowed the man across the water to the fight anyways!?  i know thw story about the carving of the oar,but how long did it take him to get to the fight?it would take a bit of time to carve it out first!and that long too!hmm....good choice guys!!
I can’t think of anything to say!
Assassins creed 2, the broom
resident evil 5's rotten egg. its a one hit kill when you throw it at an enemy.
What about the infinity pistol from boarderlands 2
Or any of the lag guns from boarderlands the presequal 
CL4P-TP's consiosness dlc
No one has mentioned the chicken from the suffering 1 and 2?! A live chicken that shot actual eggs and clucked that 1 shot everything
What about the giant ...errr.... marital aid bat from Saints Row? You wouldn't think something so wiggly would hit so hard.
What about Minecraft?
what about terraria's meowmere?
W Where is far cry 5 shovel launcher
Why not slap hand from terraria?
Lets be real, everybody clicked on this video cause of payday.
I have no problem with bane
Fallout New Vegas: Euclid's C-Finder
What about Skyrim wooden sword in that game when upgraded properly can one hit EVERYTHING also  in my opinion sound made by The Bane smg from Borderlands 2  is funny.
What about the Chicken Drumstick in Medievil? It looks about effective as it sounds, but it makes mince meat of small enemies (no pun intended) and turns them into roasted chicken that you can eat to gain more health.
Is it just me or does Bane sound exactly like Andy's Senu voice?
“Well now we know how Rich kids get spanked”
No Riddick's hairpin?
What about the golf club in halo? I've slaughtered people with it in the game and when I first saw it I thought it was some sort of joke or training hammer
Borderlands 2: The Midnight Star grenade, but use the Manly Man shied with it because the Manly Man grants you complete immunity to explosive damage. Also, the Boom Puppy assault rifle. If you can get the projectiles stuck under Badassasorus’ wheels, it does a pretty good amount of damage. The Wonderlust pistol and Seeker assault rifle + 400-600 stacks of Gaige’s Anarchy and pretty much everything dies
What about the Cream Pie from Castlevania Portrait of Ruin? It's the fastest and most efficient secondary weapon in the game, its makes the Memory of Richter fight( one of the hardest fights in the game) a breeze
I know it’s not a joke but Mustang & Sally?
People laugh, but if a SpecOps guy sprayed me in the face with a water gun in an actual combat zone, I would immediately freak out because I would automatically assume my face is about to melt off in horrible terrible pain.
What about the  penetrater from saints row
In oge mobile game called pinata Hunters or something like that there a shitty Club that when upgrade turns into one of the strongest weapons
What about the Wooden Sword in Skyrim? (Okay, it might need to be enchanted, but still...)
Diamond Hoe
666 dislikes
Hahah who remembers fallout nv
Oh, and in Dying Light one of the developer weapons turns enemies into paper airplanes. It's called Origami 101, I believe. Dying Light has grenades that make zombies fly, and twirl like ballerinas.
Ok the americanising is getting out of hand , first it was calling a mega drive a genesis , then Andy saying zee instead of zed .... now Jayne is calling trousers pants !
What about a balloon cannon from pixel gun?
Does anyone not remember the ac brotherhood broom that was better than any sword in the game???
What about the Kalabri from Battlefield 1? It is tiny yet it can still kill someone and lure enemies into a false fence of security.
It's may-lay not meh-lei
Fallout 3: Poison dart gun. Essentially, the twang of permanent crippling and immanent death. 
Red Faction: Farting Unicorn. UNLIIIIMIIITEEEED POOOOOOOOOOOWEEEEEEEER!!!!
Dark Souls 2: The Soup Ladle. Upgrade this and turn into killing machine (look up the ladle master Dark Souls 2)
Rachet and Clank: The Sheepinator. Turns enemies into sheep.
Dead Space 2: Hand Cannon. "Pew, Pew... Bang!"
MDK2: The Atomic Toaster. "IT'S AN ATOMIC TOASTER!" Shoots irradiated toast that bounces around and eventually explodes.
The Korok leaf from Breath of the Wild...I mean it's a leaf that can blow a wind of gust and it can be used for shrine quests and combat even.
Spitball or snowball
Riveters
5:48 your welcome for now
Dead space hand cann0n
what are you even talking about the money boundle is being strong compared to the other melees it is literally the worst light melle weapon
tryhards
1. Wabbajack
Have you seen the joke weapons in Monster Hunter? You got to slay giant monsters with brooms, decoration sharks, stuffed toys, etc.
Fun fact: You ca easily kill someone with a wooden sword, the only reason they are used as practice weapons is because its less hard and less expensive to fix a broken bone then to reattach something cut off.
Aww, I came hoping it was REAL weapons, like an oar in the hands of a samurai or an office worker beating her boss senseless with a paperweight.
The toy gun from FF7 Dirge of Cerberus or all the silly weapons from Tales of Symphonia (paper fans, broom, a toy hammer, toy dagger, etc.) Or maybe the Devil Arms weapons from that game too. After completing a certain question(Devil Arms) the weapons damage output reflects the amount of enemies that character has defeated. After killing a couple thousand foes, you exceed the best weapons stats with ease.(to put in perspective on average with the best weapon with Lloyd, I'm hitting 600-800. With his Devil Arm, 2500-3800 both being normal attacks.
Are you cockeyed or not looking at the camera?
Fire Emblem Fates, the almighty Pebble +7. Incapable of inflicting critical blows, nor activating any hidden techniques known as skills, this mighty weapon is unassuming at first glance. But forged in the deathly pits of Tartaros this mighty pebble was! It is no mere trinket to lay dormant in ones convoy, for within it lies a hidden property. A single strike with this pebble of true pigsmiting inflicts a terrible curse upon the stricken cur, a debuff, if you will it. It gives -4 to the inflicted's strength, -4 to the pigs speed, -4 to the wretched scums defence, and finally, -4 to the brainless oafs resistance. This mighty weapon has claimed countless lives, and it will continue, forevermore!
I feel like anything from Bayonetta's arsenal could be a joke weapon. She wields them so effectively however that everything she gets her hands on is extremely dangerous.
12:35 ayoyeaaua
you forgot the main inspiration  for dusk 

its doom by the way
You forgot to mention that before the money bundles damage got buffed it was the best thing to use to keep civilians down, the only way to get a civilan down and zip tied is to either scream at them several times or to melee them. Most melee weapons would one or two shot civilans were the money bundle, that at the time did like 2 damage, was perfect for keeping civilans down as it only need to be swung once or twice to keep a civy down.
Fun Fact: Pay day copyed off a roblox game :| true
Love the "have a garbage day" shirt. That is from a really cool game.
In showing the man being dragged to space, you neglected to show the best part of that game. Dragging sheep to space. The noise they make... It's pure comedy.
If you make another one pls use the no land beyond in destiny 1, since most people thought it was a joke and it was for a long while until people found its effectiveness in competitive (trials of osiris). I myself enjoyed it.
Come on guys, all these joke weapons and no mention of the penetrator from Saints Row the third and Saints Row the fourth?
they call a wooden sword a joke but link would not find it funny
The bane isnt great or even really good. Aside from the annoying nature of it and the movement speed, the damage is above average. Its not astounding and its probably lower than the actualiser's.
Money is so effective bcs paper cuts
Lol. I thought he said Malay on the money wad.
Why the hell does a water gun make so much noise
The sub machine guns voice sounds like the Sex Pistols from JoJo
You sound like tracer from overwatch
How did he not see the rocket arm coming straight for him? *I think those Lovecraftian monsters might just be germs and this guys just a germaphobe kicking ass in a dream
wheres the orbital laser gun from fallout?
The cult in dusk look like the kkk
What about the morphoray guns from the Rachet and clank series? It conserves ammo and combines well with the suck cannon.
Zap gun and ball busters in yakuza 0
I think Saints Row 2's Pimp Slap deserve a mention here ! It's literraly a supporter glove... that is the strongest melee in the game ! You can launch people meters away from you with one little slap !
Fun fact: bane is not the only gun like that in bl2, I found an unnamed version off an enemy in the badass crater of badassitude, died  to pyro Pete because i had no idea why my gun was screaming at me or slowing me
The bane? Really?
terrible jokes lol
Where tf is the dubstep gun
jigglypuff
Wait....  So am I the only person who actually could use the bane and not go insane?  I mained that just because my friend said I'd hate it and well, he regretted challenging me, because I kept it for a LONG time.
Ok it's clear you haven't played payday 2 before. Calling a mid tier melee wepon suprisingly effective is a joke itself. Good luck using money bundle to kill anything exept for civilians on overkill or above
Back during Call of Duty Advanced Warfare, I got pretty good with the NA-45 Ravager online. Despite it being widely regarded as a bad gun, who doesn't love the idea of a sniper that shoots blobs of C4.
wabbajack
Boi where’s the fists from Minecraft?
How about 5 games that cheated heres one Just shapes and beats comment me if you have
what about the Fork from Skyrim, when upgraded and enchanted properly that is, or the nerf gun from Prey?
9:49 what’s a krangle berry?
It feels like my brain cells are committing suicide one by one when i hear this gun
saints row 4 magnet gun? op af
The bane is a joke and will never be considered good
I once dreamed my house was being robbed and ask the robbers if I could go to the bathroom to wash my hands after covering my hands with soap and water and suds I flicked the soap and suds into his eyes then jumped out the nearest window.
The brush in Assassins Creed Brotherhood that civilians have, it’s not an obvious weapon. Also gives you an achievement
Aww cmon, you didn't include the unicorn from Red Faction Armageddon, kind of disappointed bout that
What about the red rubber pointy finger you can unlock in Dead Space 2 & 3? One single hit and those limbs fly off the necromorphs like projectiles off a bonfire on Guy Fawkes night!
Pain 100
How could you not include the DubStep Gun from Saints Row IV. It's both incredibly stupid and fully upgraded, incredibly powerful. I mean, it makes both people AND cars dance till they explode.
What about a butterfly net that can slay the demon king Gannondorf in the Legend of Zelda series? Or a bottle and even a fishing rod
The 4th is actually bad , every melee in pd2 is bad , exept the stun ones
Yakuza 0 has frozen sardine nunchucks, and a tuna canon. Both look like jokes, yet, both are real fire
What about the banana in Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker? You could use it to hold up enemies no matter how strong or decked out they were. Sure you needed the skill to sneak up on them, but as long as you were a stealth fan or the game was being stupidly easy then you were fucking invincible.
The money bundle is a whip
I suppose this doesn’t  count but there’s the BB gun from fallout new Vegas. It can be used to repair the special version of it, the Abilene kid BB gun, which is actually one of the best stealth weapons in the game:
What’s with the awesome pun? I don’t understand it at all...
Ahh yes, The Bane - reminds me of a playthrough with friends whereby 1 of our team decided to use it and glitched his game so that EVERY weapon sounded like The Bane, even after he sold it! Funny for us but so annoying for him lol
Since when has this dude been cockeyed?
So after learning about the "Bane of borderlands 2" Is bad that I want this game now? just so i can get my hands on this gun?
Jc3 balloon pistol?
Magicarp
I feel like the Nerf Crossbow from Prey deserves a mention here. It does absolutely no damage and literally shoots nerf darts, but it ends up being way more useful than it has any right to be since you can use it to hit buttons that you otherwise couldn't reach and get stuff really early, and draw enemies towards different locations if you need to be stealthy. Not to mention it's probably the best weapon in the entire game to use against the damn homing exploding Typhons, which are probably the most annoying thing in the entire game. Tricking those assholes into blowing themselves up is just too great.
Why the DoS curry though? AoS curry is better coz it even lures enemies towards it, like a decoy. Also, the true god of joke weapons in DoS is Iron Bear. Teddy bear with iron fillings. The true Iron Golem killer. Also it deals its damage like 5 times every strike.
Look at these dudes pronouncing melee as Malay.
Earthbound's Casey Bat. In reference to the poem Casey At The Bat, the bat did more damage than any other item in the game but it made Ness miss 3/4 of the time making it essentially useless. Later in the game, the one use it did have was in trying to get Poo's (yes, that was his name) only weapon, the Sword of Kings. There was a level in the game where you fought these powerful enemies called starman. A special starman had a 1 in 128 chance of dropping the sword. It wasn't hard to ambush starman by sneaking up behind them which normally would just give you one free turn to attack them. If you're attack stat was far higher than an enemies when you snuck up behind them, the game would give you an automatic win without actually making you fight them. If you equipped the Casey Bat, the game would think Ness had an absurdly high attack stat letting you automatically win in fights against them. This, coupled with the weird movement pattern starman had, made acquiring the sword relatively easy.
Andys forehead line looks like a baldcap
My life
Like terrarua is just that
What about the fork of horripilation from oblivion? Or the fork and knife in skyrim?
There's also the Banana Gun from Iji!
I love these people so much. I just started watching late last year, but I feel like they are old friends. After watching their DND adventures, my girlfriend and I now play weekly. (I'm a rogue that always "immediately hides") Thank you all for everything you do and the joy you bring to others!!
With dead rising, at level 50, toys are god weapons XD
I think you forgot the unicorn from red faction Armageddon
722794 viewers.
3 ninjas per person
2,168,382 ninjas stalking us
What about the foam finger in dead space that thing is super powerful lol
I clicked on here thinking of the frying pan in pubg
dead space's hand cannon. Why is this not on the list? It is literally a finger pointer!
Snowball, snowball gun and paint gun from terraria
The chicken drumstick from medieval and the junk jet from fallout 4
The penetrator from saints row the 3rd
What about the “pimp slap” weapon from saints row 2? Or “the penetrator” in saints row the third?
I vastly underestimated the power of the Holy Hand Grenade from Fallout New Vegas. I’m pretty sure they’re even better than the mini-nuke.
If we're talking Castlevania, then what about the cream pie subweapon in portrait of ruin. You literally throw a cream pie at your enemy's face dealing small amounts of damage. Even worse, it deals dark damage...in a castle filled with creatures of the night. Except for one light element boss which is probably the hardest fight in the game.
Brooms and fishing rods, assassin's creed
No Fallout 4 Nuka World DLC squirt gun? Come on guys, don't let me down.
The slap hand in terraria
What about the fallout 4 thirst zapper
I loved using Salvador ability with 2 Banes. It was annoying heaven (unlike that one talking Sniper rifle).
The "Up-n-Atomizer" in GTA Online, it's a cute little force gun that knocks stuff around... and it's one of the most useful tools implemented into the game in ages, it can get cars unstuck, flip them back upright, knock heavy opponents onto the ground, knock over fences and instantly blow up explosives... and it has infinite ammo with just a short recharge time. For an item that was meant as more a funny toy it's hella useful.
Bloodborne’s TRICK WEAPONS. 




Hahahahhaa
Scissors from postal2 made by running with scissors.
Also has a compact squirtweapon
What about the weirdass unicorn laser gun thing in that Red Faction game. That weapon was hella powerful
Teddy Bear from Prince of Persia: Warrior Within
Tractor cannon destiny 2 (haven’t watched the video yet)
You better have the new money bomb from the a hat in time DLC
What about dark souls dual door
Who plays Jewellery Store on Normal?
Deadly Premonition has an assortment of classic FPS weapons of varying levels of usefulness...but two of the best weapons in the game in terms of durability, damage output, and general usefulness are a rock guitar and a grass trimmer. This game's reputation for being completely weird is well-earned.
There's always the junk jet from Fallout 4. You can kill a deathclaw with a teddy bear.
How do you spoil payday 2? XD
I only came for payday 2
Im really disappointed that the foam finger from dead space isn't here
What about the hot hand from tf2?
Okay so I haven’t played the game in a long time but wasn’t there a broom that you could pick up in Assassin’s Creed Revelations if you disturbed someone sweeping off their front porch and absolutely beat the crap out of guards with it?
What about pyros thot hand
How about from Fallout 3, the gun literally named The Terrible Shotgun, which turned out to be likely the best shotgun in the game.
Okay, Payday 2 isn't terribly story focused, so really no need to worry too much on spoilers for it. The story just kinda sits in the background with either Bain or Locke screaming at you over the radio while you're trying to do your thing.
Saints Row 4, The Tiny Pistol. Size really doesn't matter.
The money bundle is a good weapon


Well naturally it's going to be a good weapon on the lowest difficulty.
When i watched this my friend just shouts 
My Friend:FIISH(From Team Fortress 2)
The mobile game 'soul knight'

You get laser fish, moltov cocktail plunger+ etc. These are all great weapons that look or sound kinda dumb
2 words..... Dubstep Gun
“Decapitating people is how ninjas say goodbye to each other.” Lmao that’s good
And then there's the unicorn from gow
The Frying Pan in Final Fantasy
Oh god Borderlands 2..why haven’t I played you!
Anyone else getting that add for the communist game constantly?
I don't think the money bundle is that useful tho.
The fish from hit man. RT game ok youtube killed 500 people in just on level
anything From enter the gungeon
The broom in ac 2
The broom of doom from assassins creed 2
The broom of doom from assassins creed 2
Anyone know the Song playing at 10:29?
where is the dupstep gun ?
I don't know about you but I don't have border lands 2 and just for the bane I might get it if I was able to choose a loudout I would have the bane for a primary the water pistol for a secondary a the stack of money for the melee
Dubstep gun?
11:37 ratatatatatatata
Abiline bb gun
Wheres the broken sword from dark souls and the zero lenny reference?
Not sure if they count as joke weapons, but the rusted weapons in dragon's dogma are actually kind of broken because they make enemies move at around 90% slower once they are fully upgraded.
Destiny got some joke guns.
For starters how about we begin talking about the No Land Beyond. In a sci fi-fantasy setting like Destiny where both high tech and magic is a thing, the last thing you would expect to see as a super rare to get weapon would be a bolt action rifle from the first or second world war, but here we are. The gun requires a full reload after each shot, making it the absolute slowest weapon in the game. Even Rocketlaunchers on paper have a faster rate of fire than that thing. 
What started out as a joke of a weapon ( especially as a reward for a raid) and grew to become a fan favorite for the PvP players. At the first year of Destiny , you see someone with that gun and you laugh at the idea of someone using that thing. In year 3, you legitimatly fear a player using that thing. That's some character developement right there. People learned all the ins and outs of the gun and began arguing whether this gun is unironicly the best sniper for pvp. Well surprisingly effective.

Then there's Dregs promise. A sidearm firing in a burst. The name based on the trashiest tier of an enemy you can encounter in the game and boy does that gun have some power there when used correctly.

For Destiny 2, I would say the Tractor Cannon shines as a joke weapon. Well after some buff to it. At first it started out as a shotgun that can just boop people around. Pretty hilarious to get a kill with. After a buff, it supresses enemies hit by it as well as applying a debuff on them, while also still booping the around.  Pretty hilarious what you can do with that thing. 

Last but not least, a weapon deemed from the community as a joke. Fightion Lion. Grenade launcher that is not very strong on damage and not even designed to be a weapon to kill things with can in the right hands be a devastating weapon.
I actually used bane in Borderlands 2
It's cool, Andy.  I have my wooden sword right here
Well technically one could beat all level of MGS Peacewalker using only the Banana, except some mission like zeke fight, MH collab mission and photo taking mission.
Fishing rod Assassins Creed II. Nuff said
This video is a walking haHaa
I'm surprised the indestructible Teddy bear from Prince of Persia the Warrior Within didn't make the list.
if i don't see wabbojack on here im gonna be extremely disappointed...
Golf club from halo reach
Saw chains and clicked
The bane wasnt good though...
They didn’t mention that in payday you can get a multiplier that deals 10x damage for consecutive melee attacks which actually turns the rapidfire money bundle into a seriously impressive weapon
final fantasy 3 if i recall (was 1 or 3 im pretty sure was a ff for damn sure) had a monster called pudding. It had insane hit points gave insane experience and was quite likely to run. The game also had a thrown weapon called spoon guess what the effect was on pudding ....
Where is Terrarias Meowmere
To be honest, In payday 2, The razor is even crazier of a damaging weapon, It's a small tiny razor, how does it kill a cop in 2 to 4 hits?
The bane is annoying but isn't really all that powerful... what is surprisingly powerful is the grognozzle from tiny tina's assault on dragon keep. It's a weak moxxi slag pistol that you can only have if you have started but not completed a side quest. like all moxxi weapons it has an unmentioned life steal mechanic that heals you for the damage you do, but whilst the others have at most a 12% health steal rate, the grog nozzle has around 60%! (this may not sound like a lot but player characters do a LOT more damage than enemies and thus it's a large number compared to their own health) The developer's probably rationalized this by its low damage but just holding the grog nozzle counts for all damage done, including melee damage, grenade damage and most infamous of all, the gunzerker skill damage! The heal rate gained from this little pink pistol can make you practically immortal and is absolutely necessary for post game content, ultimate vault hunter mode and the op levels
Where is the colt M1911 from call of duty black ops 1 or 2?
What about the broom in assassin’s creed.
Half-life 2 gravity gun should absolutely be in here
U can smack people with a fish,frying pan and sign in tf2
Junk jets in fallout. Killing raiders with teddy bears and coffee mugs..
Imagine having the Bane and the Fabled Tortoise
How about these two
Ratchet and Clank future series: The Groovitron
Assassins creed brotherhood: A broom taken from somebody sweeping the streets
who needs holy water when you have garlic curry though
Should have put in the Drumstick from Medevil. That thing one shot ALL enemies, and gave you a healing item when they died.
At which time is the one from payday2?? Did I totally faze over it?
3 = skyrim
Jigglypuff rest
The videos good but goddamn you're guys humor is so dry and bland
Why does he say 'malay'. Its 'maylay'
Probably 3 ninjas in the room with me right now? I bloody hope not, Andy. I'm on the loo.
Sausage
The bane sucks yes better DPS than normal wepons BUT a lot of other wepons are better without the curse so it doesn't really fit on this list
The just cause 3 balloon head gun
What about the finger gun in warface ?!?!?!?!?!?
What about in amzing frog where there is a nerf gun and water gun that can kill
Half the weapons I monster could fall into this category. I really enjoy the sleep hammer that takes the form of a giant reddy bear that is featured in many games. What it lacks in raw power, it makes up for in high sleep status which sets up for massive bomb combos.
No mention of anything from the Monster Hunter series? There's the Cornpopper, a gunlance shaped like a giant ear of corn that makes cartoon noises. In Freedom Unite it's the only gunlance with Lv5 Spread shelling, making it one of the best weapons to use against heavily armored monsters like Gravios and Crimson Fatalis. Or the various Melynx weapons across the series, which range from cat's paw-shaped backscratchers to stuffed plushies. While they have low attack power, they have some of the highest paralysis attribute in the series, allowing their users to constantly lock down monster while your buddies whale on them with their oversized weapons monster slaying.
I use the stack of 100$ bills as my melee weapon.
Legends of Zelda breath of the wild.

The squeaky hammer
Just use a fork from Skyrim




of course, after you apply god-like enhancements to it
The Cheese Wheel from Dragom Age Inquisition. While not the best shield, it was still decently good at its current level.
What about the holy mackerel from team fortress 2
Bane? Effective? Mediocre, i'd say.
A monopoly horse
9999999999999 DAMAGE PER HIT
No joke weapons from the Yakuza world?
When, I saw the 3. Wooden Sword, I thought that you meant the wooden sword from Skyrim.
Missed the finger gun, from dead space
What about the toy gun from dirge of Cerberus?!
The creators of Dusk are my kinda people.
Destiny 1 no land beyond
No dead space foam finger?
Bane is not an effective gun.
Every other payday 2 melee weapon is objectively worse than the electric knuckles, buzzer, kunai, and syringe, and the money bundle is no exception
Pew Pew Pew
You forgot the legendary lego brick
13:12 
Subtitles: [annoying sound]
Deaf people: 👂 🔌
The mostly unknown EPA Weird Weapons mod for Fallout 4 has a literal hundred of Lethal Joke weapons. One is a bowling ball that turns everyone into pins. When the pins fall over, the person comes back but gets shredded to bits. Another is a traffic barricade that creates a bus that picks up everyone around and kills them by disembarking them in too small of a bus shelter. There is also a bubble gun that grabs enemies and drops them from the sky. An evil garden gnome that actually goes around murdering and enchanting people. A fishing rod that makes a school of dead fish that corrals your enemies around the map. A lighter that ignites deadly giant bouncing cigarettes. A chess board that allows you to move around and kill anyone at will. One could go on...
6:17
Everybody: Wooden sword? What a joke...
Gintoki:


Nah... Still a joke...
I'm a simple man, I see PAYDAY, I click
L O D S OF E M O N E
Farcry 5 shovel launcher
Borderlands 2 fish shield and uncharted 3 fish
Yeah, money stack is good, but leather sap is better (200 knockback).
Golf club from halo reach anyone?
The baseball bat from enter the gungeon
Dead Space 3 the foam fingers
Like the Dildo in GTA
Dilldobat in saints row 3
Here's one, the Abilene kid BB gun from Fallout: New Vegas. With the bonus crit chance and crit damage, a stealthy character virtually has a sniper rifle in their hands, and it's a freaking bb gun!
Melee weapons in Payday 2 are garbage. Well at least mostly, there are a few good ones such as the kunai, katana, and syringe, etc.
I want the bane
Cheese sword in fate 1
the spitball gun balls probably count as thrown objects because they are slow projectiles and thus their physics have to be animated. bullets aren't because since you wouldn't be able to see them in mid air anyways they don't have to spawn the projectile, simulate it's physics etc. (some games do it but it's on games with elements of simulation like the sniper series or battlefield)
THE BANE is garbage, there are just better options that don't make you go insane.
what about the squirt gun in fallout 4 nuka world? you can modify it so it has almost as much power as a nuke launcher
Enter the Gungeon has a lot of these kinds of weapons. A banana,  a magic lamp, a beehive, etc. Take your pick. Besides, even the unassuming weapons that are as weak as their appearance suggests, like a pea shooter, have synergies to make them as strong as any other weapon.
Okay but you’re wrong the bane is actually awful, it’s about as powerful as a normal blue Hyperion smg
bf 1 KOLIBRIIII
1-4 dmg on body
20 dmg on head
tiniest pistol on earth
That one ally that pings mozambiqes
No holy mackrel or solemn vow? (TF2)
The Holiday Punch from TF2 can fit into this perfectly as well. The stats are you make an opponent laugh when you get a crit, and the weapon always crits from behind. However, crits deal absolutely zero damage, sound pretty bad. However paired up with a medic using the kritzkreig or just getting a random crit, can momentarily stop and invincible opponent in their tracks, including ubered players
EDIT: Crits normally deal 3x the normal damage of the weapon
what about the up-and-atomizer from GTA online?
Donut County T-Shirt!
Enter the gungeon JK-47
What about the flowers from San Andreas
What about the fish in Team Fortress 2?Seriously,you can kill someone with it and the game said fish kill
Cyclone armstrong neojet armstrong yama cannon
Frying pan from pubg?
Just saying for the example of the money bundle in payday2 it is oke as long as you are in stealth and at a low difficulty the clip was at normal so cops have less hp and do less damage not a good weapon if you are planning to run around trying to smakc people with but it is quite fun when you get a kill of a special enemy with it like a cloaker.
What about the dead space bang bang
Quite an obscure and old one, but Hired Guns on the Commodore Amiga had a lightning-zapping banana as a hidden weapon. It could blast most enemies with just a couple of shots and came with 999 charges.
What about the homing briefcase from hitman 2
Muffin and fish
...
Hey Andy, according to the legend of Musashi Miyamoto, the greatest Japanese swordsman/duelist who ever lived, he fought and won his most famous duel with Sasaki Kojiro on an island, defeating him with a sword he had whittled out of an oar from the boat he used to row himself there. He actually beat him to death with it, so...it makes sense.
The Payday2 Money bundle used to do 2 damage instead of 30
and it was possible to 1hitkill a bulldozer on train heist with it
Bruh Assassins Creed 2's broom???? Why tf was that not put in here
The tiny pistol from Saints Row 4 smallest gun but devastating
There are Model Gun in FF7 Dirge of Cerberus.
It transformed to Ultima Weapon after 4 upgrades
Team Fortress 2’s Holy Mackerel deserves a mention! Nothing beats wacking a heavy russian man with a trout
Mehh the Mony bundle from Payday 2 is Not that good, Yes it Dose have 30 concealmeant and a decent stunn Chance+ a high attack rate, but even whit that it gets outclassed, by stuff like the suitcase, and some other weapons that i dont remember,  because i usually play loud.

And if you dont care about concealmeant: you have 3swords, multiple knifes, And daggers, shovels, a shield a Lot of Hammers, and even a chainsaw.
I’m so sad that the holy mackeral from tf2 wasn’t in this list
the soap is from fight club?
“Thank you very much ninjas” 
*From behind you*: “you’re welcome”
The colt 1911 in nazi zombies, it turns from doing near no damage to shooting explosives and one of the best weapons
What about the finger gun in dead space 2
I'm sad that Dragon Age Inquisition's "Boon of the Spoon" wasn't included. Follow a twerp around Skyhold and answer his trivia questions correctly, and you get a giant spoon as a "reward." Put the right rune on it, and it even looks like you're flinging around spaghetti sauce as you use it. But darned if it didn't do a fair amount of damage!
What about the bucket in Skyrim, you can steal all the things
PAYDAY 2

I LOVE YOU PEOPLE
Bane was great
I have and use the bane al ot. I find the sound funny so that helps
The bane is cool but what about the fibber? It lies to you and you think it is worthless but with an amp shield after the pellets split on the ground, it melts raid bosses faster than any other weapon in the game
7:37 In PayDay 2, if an enemy isn't alerted, any amount of damage that you do to them will always immediately kill them, 100%'of the time. This means that lightly slapping a guard with a wad of money will immediately kill them, if they didn't know you were gonna do it.
The penetrator
Never call the bane effective that thing is horrible
The mewomare from terraria has to be one of them
No “bane” from Borderlands 2? Not at all user friendly, but was a life saver when standing still.
BOTW's Spring loaded hammer? no mention of that wonderful whack-tastic whackamole whacker?
The bane is acctuly one of my favorite guns in borderlands 2
And sometimes the bane would glitch and make the reload and weapon swap noises after you switched until you unequip the gun
11:05 I love how the game acknowledges that you’re using a bar of soap
Where is the SANDVICH???
It's the strongest healing item in tf2!!!
BOTW spring loaded hammer
The DildoBat from Saints row 4? Strong and throws enemies far.
Skeleton waiter: throws plate of curry at me 
Skeleton waiter: tries to run away but hots a wall 
Skeleton waiter: just explodes
My personal favorite was the ladle from Summon Night Swordcraft Story. Once upgraded it was the most wonderful agility based weapon in the game.
They forgot the fan in Super Smash Bros Brawl
What about the deadly spit you can make in dead rising one?
Wait no mention of the penetrator from saint's row........
The junk jet, fallout 4. You've never lived until you've killed someone with a teddy bear.
What about the cheese wheel shield, ham bone, and literally just a banana nailed to a plank in Inquisition?
i played borderlands 2 with some friends, we did the bane quest, after it was finished i had a friend give me one of their banes and gunzerked with 2 banes. became a turret and looked like i ran in place
So, we're conveniently forgetting about any of the dozens of insane but effective weapons in the Saints Row franchise: for shame...
the only reason that stack of hundreds is effective is because y o u r e   p l a y i n g   o n   n o r m a l   d i f f i c u l t y
The money bundle sucks, as with all melees
What about saints row and the penetrator bat??????
Don’t you have to buy the money melee to use it? It’s basically buying money
OXBOX OCTODAD LET'S PLAY??? SHOW ME! 😍
The cheerleading game pitch meeting was 10% information and 100% three guys singing, yelling and cheering until the game was authorized
I strongly suspect the team behind Octodad came up with the phrase "Dadliest catch" and worked outwards from there.
What's weird about Octodad? It looks like a perfectly normal suburban dad simulator. Granted, it's not a riveting concept, but it looks quite normal to me.
We all need a group of cheerleaders screaming at our problem to help make them go away.
Not sure what's in the air in Japan but they should bottle and sell that stuff
You guys should do a video on child friendly versions of adult games, like how simpsons hit and run was basically gta and monster house was basically resident evil
Goat simulator? Somehow a joke prototype became a pretty popular game because apparently people really enjoy using a ragdolling goat to do tricks. The world is a strange and wonderful place.
Please tell me there's a tank in the aquarium level of Octodad that has a man swimming in it, whom everyone think is an octopus...
I think any game coming out of Japan can be considered "weird", it's just on a scale from 1-10
Could you do 7 games that started out pretty normal and then got more and more bizarre? Ace Attorney comes to mind.
So you’re saying the cure for my IBS is to summon a trio of shrieking Japanese Neo-cosplayers to come and do a motivational dance at me whenever it flares up? 
... 
Interesting.
You could have just named this title: Japan
Viva Piñata.

You "tame" "wild Piñatas" with such whimsical names like "sparrowmint", "limeoceros", "mallowolf", and "swanana". You can have them change colors and wear funny little hats and make them do tricks for your leisure, all the while getting their candy meters up so that you can ship them off to faraway lands ripe with rabid children all too eager to womp on the poor Piñatas and devour their sweet candy innards.

It's good times, really.
When I first learned of Hatoful Boyfriend I cried out, "Nicola Tesla! You're not alone!"
Everytime Andy says "Piece of Sentient walking bread playing The Floor is Lava" I can't help but giggle.
Octodad? But that's just a normal dad doing dad deeds, nothing bizarre about that
What about manual Samuel not on here is having to control someone going to the bathroom normal in 2019?



Wait I just relized how emersive this is lmao
You forgot Pokemon Gold and Silver, it had the amazing but bizarre concept of battling me and my Rattata
Did someone actually acknowledge the OSU series!? Hell yeah!
Uhm Mr Mosquito ? (if someone remembers that PS2-Game)
The Catamari game was developed from the much less-popular Dung Beetle Simulator.
"The Zoo Race", a PC game featuring biblical Noah organizing races for God (which is the announcer of said races) between humans which were turned into animals and some of the races contain pirate ships, dinosaurs and the moon.

I did not made this one up. Look it up.
Holy Steed, that Japan World Cup one got me good! XD
Is this the list that OX makes when all of their travel and DnD-ing finally breaks them?
What do you mean Octodad is just a game concept?
I was sure in was based on actual events.
Lies,  Lies everythere.
I am Bread is just
 The Floor is Lava: Octodad edition™
surprised you didn't mention Gang Beasts. A beat em up where nobody dies, nobody understands the controls and each character is made into a cute Plasticine shape
Where's Surgeon simulator, When you have to do surgery on bobo.
Well, a little trivia,  someone who would have enjoyed Hatoful Boyfriend would be Nicolas Tesla. Who never got married but described his love for a pigeon in letters to his friend.
WHAT ABOUT GOAT SIMULATOR!!!!! seriously though, that game is nuts, there's even a Goat MMO in it.
Also Manual Sam.
I looove Osu Tatakae Ouenden! I got Elite Beat Agents and then learned of the two Japanese games. I was even telling my friend this week how I enjoyed these games. Best use of the DS! 💘
Nothing is more intense than a Macho Man promo because nothing can make veins pop out like that. Oh Yeah!
Reigns.
What if you rules a kingdom, but it's Tinder
The first two entries made me think of Patapon as it's about drumming your enemies to death kinda
I don't know if this is completely in the idea of this video but miitopia. Yea, place me with random miis and let's also make it a RPG. Know my favourite game
Ooh, also that cat simulator game where you get to knock stuff off of shelves and stuff!  Catlateral Damage!
You forgot Patapon!
I see Ouendan, I smash that like button.
The last game is just JoJo's Bizzare Adventures part 7: Steel Ball Run, but with less Jesus and Dinosaur people.
Return of the Obra Dinn is a game about properly cataloguing the deaths of a ship's crew in order to properly fill out the insurance paperwork, via the powers of a magic watch that lets you see someone's last few seconds on earth. It's surprisingly engaging and puzzling out who is who via the clues given to you is a rewarding experience, as you unravel the mysteries of what happened on the ship.
It's not out yet but Boyfriend Dungeon is looking awesome. It's a dungeon crawler where you date your weapons. I can't wait.
Ahh the warm glowing warming glow of a new Oxbox vid!
* Blubs happily as another oxbox video gets posted *  don't feed weird sentient bread to birds, and hope they don't get the flu. That's the hole story.
There has to be something said about half these games coming from Japan - I just don't know what.
Also Andy, you know Japanese?!
Muscle March for the Wii? You play as a body-builder (or a polar bear), chasing after a thief that's stolen your protein powder, by using motion controls to make your character fit through variously shaped holes in walls that come towards you increasingly quickly...
Pikmen, Wario Ware, ChibiRobo, even kirby is silly when you think about it too hard.
"Everyone loves bread"
I know someone who is afraid of bread.
Ok hear me out: Final Fantasy, with DISNEY CHARACTERS!
1:56
Isn't this ready steady Go from fullmetal alchemist?
first game was INTENSE!!! damn
That osu game is actually the inspiration for OSU!




Sure it's not as weird, but you can have custom maps in OSU!
That goddamn race had to be here, it just had to
Wait octodad is for the ps4? 





(Goes and blows a load of money on one game).
Don't play the Katamari Damacy sound track in your car. 

Your insurance will rise. Because you'll be smashing through anything smaller than your car.
What about Harvest Moon? It's a game where you basically do yardwork and get married and yet I can't stop!
So you're a circle. 
In a haunted maze.
You eat dots. 
After eating a big dot, you can, for a very limited time, eat the ghosts that haunt the maze.
But the ghosts always come back. 

Pac-Man is the first and most bizarre survival-horror game.
Changed. A Chinese game about certain furry-related fetishes where you try to escape from a lab with an SCP-1471 lookalike while trying to avoid getting turned into a variety of anthropomorphic latexes. And somehow it has a growing devoted fanbase that has helped translate the game into English and other languages with lots of non-fetish artwork.





I love it. <3
> literally every major character / plot point in a Kojima game
Almost all of this is from Japan lol. Almost all weird games come from Japan anyway.

Suggestion: What The Golf. Aka the best version of a golfing game that is not really golf.
Trust me, there is nothing more random and intense than a Randy Savage promo.
Besides an episode of Bobobo-Bobo-Bobo.
6:14
Nicola Tesla was up to something
Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland is actually the strangest game I've ever played. Yes it's about one of Zelda's more infamous characters. But the game is a trip from start to finish.
When the list is literally just Lucahjin's and/or ProtonJon's Steam library...
How about JJ Macfield. You know the game about a girl with regeneration powers who solves puzzles by chucking limbs and setting yourself in fire. You know what just put up all of sweary’s games.
Further bizarre concepts that made for excellent games:

Oikospiel Book I
Killer 7
LSD
Nijikaku
How about Ni no kuni 2. You know the game that opens with a president explosion.
The very thought of something weirder and more intense than a Macho Man Randy Savage Promo is enough to break my mind. And Luke, probably.
I could watch that horse leap across the line.....all day....somebody please notify work that if they need me, I’ll be watch a pirouetting horse take the prize.
Never heard of Quenden before but now I wish I could play it if only to hear one of my favorite Japanese bands: Orange Range
Localize Japan world cup!
I'm noticing a trend......



(They're mostly japanese)
I feel like mount you friends needs to be on this list, also I feel that I have 7 new games in my life to play now
Damn, he does kind of look like Freddie Mercury, doesn't he?
I never finished Ouendan. I really should.

What about Kingdom Hearts? That seems like s bizarre concept that was extremely successful.
Noby Noby Boy! It's like a questionable cheese dream...
The Pokemon Ranger series has always baffled me into loving it.
You draw circles around Pokemon to make friends with them. That's it. That's the game. It's so good, and I honestly couldn't tell you what makes it good.
I almost cried hearing the FMA theme song at the end of the 1st game,
"Oow plz truuust meeeeee"
Kantai Collection
Anthropomorphic ships
Eventually everything gets personified
ahhh, it makes less CENTS/SENSE than a broken penny machine at the national mint.


I see what you did there.


Smart. Very smart.
Elite Beat Agents was so much fun on the DS.
I demand a Hatoful Boyfriend let's play! :P
Nageki is best birb
"Weirder and more intense than a Macho Man Randy Savage promo" you say?  I have my doubts.

watches video

Hmm... tell you what, we'll call it a draw.
I assume "goat simulator" is pretty obvious and normall concept then...
Randomly yelled "WWWHY?!?!" when they showed footage of Japan world Cup...

Was sitting next to my mum on the sofa, wearing headphones...
1:56 Did I just heard one of the Full Metal Alchemist openings
Pokemon: Let's create an RPG where your main character doesn't fight himself, but still uses a party that can be any 6 of 150 characters, all of which can level up and learn different moves for fighting in 1 on 1 battles with other parties of up to 6.


Worded that way, sounds pretty weird for an RPG, doesn't it?
Panda's make good racers on graffies.
I love Andy Seven-Runs and I hope they never end. Js.
I dont know if it's "bizarre" but Return of the Obra Dinn had some Really unique ideas, i don't even know what genre to give it? 
Like, death sudoku myst on a ship?
Metal Gear Survive?

Oh wait, you're talking about GOOD games...
Half of the games are from Japan...


WE REGRET NOTHING.
Watches video
Faith in humanity restored
The Splatoon games fall in this category! 

Cephalopod-human hybrids do war reenactments for sport in a post-apocalyptic future. Pop idols serve as their leaders and underground paramilitary agents. 

So, basically, YOU’RE A KID NOW! YOU’RE A SQUID NOW!
Jacksepticeye has a seriously hilarious video/s on Japan World Cup
I never knew I needed Japan world cup in my life! Thank you so much Andy that has made my day!
So Japan, fumblecore, and a game that sounds like Katamari Damacy only in reverse.
Well dammit, now I need to pull out my copy of Ouendan now. Or Ouendan 2.... so good. NEED MOAR OUENDAN.
How could you guys forget fossil fighters . YOU REVIVE DINOSAURS TO MAKE THEM FIGHT EACH OTHER
Satisfying? I think you mean I'm never playing this game again
Saw Ouendan in the thumbnail.

And I think to myself why, why did you had to spoiled everything!?

Especially the ending.


...Sigh... Oh well.
What a coincidence my brother was watching donut country while it was mentioned. Coincidence 




I think not
Watch videogamedunkey's vid on the Japan world cup game, it is hilarious 🤣
A list of bizarre games that are actually good and you don't have Muscle March on it?
JAPAN WORLD CUP😂😂😂
Oko-san is best birb. FOR THE ULTIMATE PUDDING!!!
Muscle March. I mean, a group of bodybuilders and a polar bear bashing through walls while flexing. Enough said.
1:57 L' Arc~en~Ciel? 
2:00 L' Arc~en~Ciel confirmed.
You forgot to mention the last long in Osu! Is "Ready, Steady, Go!", the first opening from the first Full Metal Alchemist.
Bizzare game concepts without mentioning Jojo?!
They literaly fought off a meteor with the Fullmetal Alchemist theme. I'm sold.
The entire Cho Aniki series.

There's also Arm Joe, a 2D fighting game based on Les Miserables, but with extra characters like an anthropomorphic rabbit driving a car and a robotic knockoff of Jean Valjean.
Now I want to play Osu!Tatakae! XD


PS > The 2:26 応援、大成功！part is fucking awesome. (Roughly translated to "Cheer-ing: Great success!")
As a proud owner of both ouendan games I can assure you that they are pure gems.

I spent so many hours trying to get the high scores on every difficulty that I basically new the songs by hart at the end 😂
Right, Elite Beat Agents "toned down the weirdness" by having a level where you cheered on a track star....'s immune system.
What about Roundabout, a FMV game about a person who drives a limo that is constantly revolving
A dating sim where you date pigeons? Bert from "Sesame Street" approves!
Heh... less sense/cents than a broken penny machine at the US mint. I see what you did there, you clever bastard.
Not gonna lie took me a bit to get the whole broken penny machine, Lol
I am bread made me remember Soldier from TF2 saying "I teleported bread"  in Expiration date
It's a hard to say. In most games concepts are awesome, until relise
A list of awesome games that have a weird premise that doesn't include Mount Your Friends is just wrong.
Is it a coincidence that most of these games come from Japan?
("POWER! Get the power!")
Wait...@11:32...did you say NAGnificient?

BOO!
I think everyone here is forgetting elite beat agents which literally Americas version of Osu! Tatakae! Ouenden!
Oh man we used to tease our friend about playing the pigeon game up at school, didn’t help the fact that he was an ornithologist
Ouenden: Harnessing the power of Hype for good instead of evil.
OctoDad was awesome to play 🍥💯
love watching i am bread speedruns, super crazy
YASUHATI comes to mind! It's an adorable little platformer where you control a little note-fella with your voice. Oh, and you shout to jump. It gets loud. Fast.
Genital Jousting is bizzare hillarious AND made me a better person by making me confront my toxic masculinity in a nonthreatening way.
Somehow, "intense" and "Male Cheerleaders" in the same sentence isn't a surprise to see be a oddball concept (Although leading a world cheer against a incoming meteor kinda feels like that classic early 90s Tv show weirdness).


Also, I must have that song that is played during the portion talking about Japan World Cup.
Ever play Gumballs and Dungeons. Its a chinese mobile game, where you play as Gumballs (Slimes) going through various unique mazes. Eventually the Gumballs start flying airships as pirates and explorers, rebuild an ancient lost high tech city, and explore the cosmo using the entire planet as a space ship. Yes, the planet is a space ship, turn out that lost city was a controll hub who knew?

Anyways, there is insane amount of references to everything and alot of interesting moments that occur be it item descriptions or certain events: Like what happens when Pinocchio's nose gets to long and the fairy mentions she is lonely. YUP that is how it sounds.

The game is well made and is immense fun and engaging. And still being grown in content.
japan world cup is not a game
IT IS TRANSCENDENT ARTISTRY
OMG THE OSU GAME HAD ONE NIGHT CARNIVAL.
Octo Dad sounds like a Rob Schnider film from the early noughties. Just imagine the trailer. 

Rob Schnider is just your average father with an average job until one day he becomes an Octopus. He discovers that being an octopus ain't great.

Rob Schnider is Octodad!

Rated PG-13

I watch too much South Park.
You forgot Manual Samuel I mean you have to remember to blink.
What about Bombastic? This underrated gem for the PS2 was a great game where you use dice to blow up enemies.
If the first game got a western release im sure it would be called "The Spirit Squad"
Pull me push you
Look it up, there's no need to explain

Stikbold! Is surprisingly amazing. What has Dodgeball to do with the devil? Find out!

Also Genital Jousting
I mean.. Yeah
Viscera Clean Up Detail sounds so bizarre on paper but its incredibly satisfying to play
I'd also put Paper Please in this category.  Glory to Arstotzka!
omg the ouenden one had me laughing the entire time! THAT IS COMEDY GOLD RIGHT THERE. Seriously, I'm crying. Save the world by cheering that asteroid away! Yeah!
That song they did to protect the earth from the astroid is called Ready Steady Go, it was in fullmetal alchemist.
Monster prom this game is a dating sim with so much 4th wall breaks it's amazingly fun
What about Muscle March... That was fun
"Come on, everybody loves bread!" - the moment all the people watching with wheat allergies all went "Awww. :("
The first game was playing the fullmetal alchemist second opening song
I just learned Katamari Damacy has a remaster on Steam. I JUST LEARNED THIS. WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME!?!
That one where your a muscle builder slamming through walls.
Every time I see Octodad I think of Kikoskia's brilliant let's play...
I never knew I wanted osu with a campaign
Ouendan is still one of my favourite games of all time. I even beat the last level with the female cheerleaders.
Roundabout....where you stear a always rotating limo
Plants vs Zombies? It's not the weirdest concept but before that game, I never thought as a sunflower as being the fuel for my military grade plants.
READY STEADY GO!!! 2:00 😄😍😭
The fact so many of these are from Japan just tells you so much.
The Classic weird game: QWOP
I don't know about you, but all my peoblems can ONLY be solved by dancing men in school uniforms dancing and shouting at them
What's this?! No Dream Daddy?! For shame, OXBox!
NO ONE can stop Mr. Domino! [drops mic]
Osu!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Osu! players click like
This remind my of a project i did in college which was to design a card game.I did magic vs everyday objects e.g. a washing can beat fire and if the bread card hand a fire spell put on it it would turn into toast.
Going somewhat old school, what about Bad Mojo?  You play basically the whole game as a cockroach.
"and one bit where you get to swallow the entirety of rush hour" 
I guess they wont be in rush hour 3
Who’s Your Daddy

That game is great!
Did anybody else hear Full Metal Alchemist ?
I was like 977....
I finally matter <3
You include I am bread and Octodad but forget Manual Samuel.....
Octodad only has his limbs to worry about but poor ol Sam has to:

Blink 
Breathe (both in and out)
Keep his spine straight
Walk 

This is in the first part of the game. I have introduced all my gaming friends to it and the two player mode is enough to challenge any friendship to its limits.
I Am Bread stars the quintessential White Bread protagonist.
Quite a few I’d place on this list over some of these choices:

Parappa The Rappa
Doki Doki Literature Club
Toejam and Earl
Phoenix Wright - Ace Attorney (which I’m surprised isn’t here the amount your channel talks about it)
Mutant League Sports
what about Odama, a game about winning a war & turning your enemies to your side by playing feudal Japanese pinball and occasionally yelling commands into a microphone peripheral?


also all 3 games in the Ouendan/Elite Beat Agents series have female teams too.....and why the hell was there no 3DS game or collection, Nintendo? :/
Hold up EBA literally has a scenario set to Good Charlotte Anthem, where a baseball player fights a giant monster in a theme park.
I would have added Crypt of the Necrodancer in this list. A rythym game dungeon crawl ? 
Plus some of the best soundtrack you'll hear
Elite Beat Agents!!!! I loved that game!!!
Viscera Cleanup Detail.

The concept is, broadly, you need to bring back places to be operable after the happenings of generic sci-fi shooter. Think of all the guts, blood puddles, exploded thingies and projectile casings... All needs to be cleaned and mopped...
Grim Fandango: Ancient Aztek afterlife theology meets Mexican Day of the Dead characters meets 1950's noirs.
Splosion Man on XBLA! An awesome platformer where you 'splode nefarious scientists into meat and fight a giant meat monster at the end! Then to top it off the credits roll with a live action retelling of the game. Also the Donut song was a banger. 

The spin-off Ms Splosion Man was also great!
Huh? Wasn't that Ready Steady Go by L`Arc~en~Ciel during that last bit of the first entry?
I think that the pitch meeting for Osu!  Tatakae!  Ouenden! involved three men in high school uniforms bursting in during the pitch and shouting until the boardroom went along with it.
But Katamari Damacy is a God damn delight. 👨‍🎤❤
You misspelled Ouendan (not Ouenden). It's nice though you mentioned Osu! first, since we have the simulator on PC, "Osu" (obviously). You should look at Osu videos, they are insane!
weird when i played octodad it was a game about a perfectly normal dad doing his best to take care of his family
Wait wait wait. . . In the first game at the end. . . . Isnt that fullmetal alchemist opening?!?!
Wow... Japan really have a lot of BIZARRE game. My Jojo radar is tingling.
I went and played katamari  because of this video, and I loved it
Splatoon seemed pretty bizarre at first
I really appreciated the "Makes less sense/cents, than a broken penny machine at the National Mint" joke.
Fluidity/Hydroventure is still my favorite game. A motion controlled platformer where you guide a puddle of water around the pages of a book, changing from water to ice to gas to drive away an inky influence covering the book, it was an absolute gem that sadly is no longer available with the end of the Wii Shop Channel. Hopefully we will see a port to Switch in the future.
I've never played the game but King of Kosmos gives me anxiety just looking at him.
2:00 - Wait, was that a Full metal alchemist reference?
6:37 Nikola Tesla wants to know your location.
Goat simulator better be on here. 
Also can be just appreciate how robots dinorsaurs and bows and arrows was a weird concept that was awesome!
UMM I DID NOT ASK FOR THAT EXTREME FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST WHIPLASH.
WHERES MY WARNING?!
Maybe add Goat Simulator, Ace of Seafood and Fight Crab
Phoenix Wright were you play as a Defense Attorney.
"Should have sent a poet" at 11:19 😂
"A broken penny machine at the national mint." Oh my god. We're the same. The Americans, The English... everyone... we're all the same!
Agreed on Donut County. Like you, I only wish it was longer.
Surgeon Simulator
Catherine
Hunnie Pop
So the most weird games come from Japan? I'd seriously like to know why.
☺️
Wait a minute, you guys don't just  enthusiastically sing and dance at your problems till they go away?
osu oendan...is that where osu came from
(Looks at the title)
I can already tell that this list would have a lot less to work with if Japanese games weren't counted.
Whenever I told somebody about Viscera Cleanup Detail, they usually wouldn't believe me and also question who on earth would play a game where you have to clean up 😂
the one where an Italian plumber goes off to save a princess who rules a mushroom kingdom from a power-hungry turtle dragon that breathes fire.
Is...is Japan okay?
I can explain Japan World Cup in one sentence:
Japan REALLY loved the old Hanna Barbara Wacky Races cartoon.
Never expected my favorite game to be in an outsidexbox video <3
That katamari king description had me choking
the octodad game is fine.
you are amazed that a sea dwellng ceature doesnt walk good ?
hes used to swim  in the ocean,
he doesnt just stand on his legs in the ocean, and walks about! so how has he lost his way to lose his legs ?
i think hes doing remarrkable in the air.
Oh my gosh the horse was flossing. 🤣
1:56 That is the FullMetal Alchemist theme song!
Elite Beat Agents is one of my all time favorite games. I am happy to see the original concept of the game appeared on this
Can we get a full let’s play of Octodad? It was so stupidly funny watching you play the bit you did, I had tears down my face inside two minutes. 🐙🐙🐙
After the first example, I was expecting to see Muscle March.
I have never actually thought about Katamari like that before. It has just always been what it is to me.
 i never thought about what it sounds like when you write out the concept.
Slopes game room talked about a Street Fighter horse racing game that looked bonkers.
I almost screamed when I saw Hatoful Boyfriend was on this list!!!!  I absolutely ADORE that game!!!!
That narration was probably one of the most hilarious things I’ve ever heard! Great work!
@1:55 Fullmetal Alchemist theme
Doki-doki literarure club? I mean, whose idea is to delete the actual game file in your PC?
Pirouetting horse. PIROUETTING HORSE. PIROUETTING HORSEEEEE!
Danganronpa should be on this list. Also pokemon.
The first game was released in the US as Elite Beat Agents on the original DS. Really good game.
I would add to this list Typing of the Dead. It's a rail shooter like Time Crisis but works as a typing teaching game, since you type words or phrases to shoot. Why nobody realized before that zombies could be such an effective incentive to make you type faster? I can only imagine the bizarre pitch meeting!
Kippers is good. 3 ways to play Hitman is great. But Octodad or games OX loses control are the best.
Wow not one playable game on this entire list. Hell none of these things are even video games.
(Growling, fists clenched, teeth gritting) Octodad...
10:05 Basically a gay man's friday night
Watches the video then stares at my tea "I think I've had enough today..."
Asteroid: "On second thought, let's not go to Earth. It is a silly place."
The Missing: J.J. Macfield and the Island of Memories. So you've got to find your missing friend on a strange Island by solving puzzles, pretty standard. 
Using my own severed legs as a counter weight... Definitely bizarre
Is this Video a Jojo Reference?
At 1:54 that meteor cheer song, is it just me or is that the theme from Full Metal Alchemist
Surgeon Simulator. Here, you find out why you should never let an unqualified person with poor motor skills perform an operation.
I like the list itself but hope the change in format is only temporary. 😅
To be honest, I think it's impressive that Sims got developed at all and also how fun Sims actually is.
I'll always forgive the Japanese!!
The first one came up and I just went “Elite Beat Agents!!!!”. One of my favorite games to this day.
That 1st game and katamari remind me of X Play. Nostalgia
Man did I love elite beat agents. It was so much fun!
if you do a follow up video, "rock of ages" is a suggestion
Ouendan (Elite Beat Agents in Japanese) was AWESOME! Not weird at all, but wonderful! And great Japanese bangers too! 'Okuruuuuuuuuuu KOTOBA!!!'
Just wanted to say that there's a free to play pc version of osu! (with custom songs).
That last one is basically TF2 plus horse racing.
Half of these I've never heard of before but I would play almost all of them
I feel like pitch meetings behind ANY edutainment game involves some sort of recreational drug.

“So we need a reason to teach kids geography and history...”

“Why don’t we have a world renowned thief steal the entire  fricken Sistine Chapel ceiling and the player has to take down both the thief and her punny named minions?”

“GENIUS”
You missed Enviro-Bear!
ahhh Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan was my favourite game on DS -- I miss those heady region free days! Pure genius and the greatest combo and game mechanics, story and ummm cheerleading :D
I was hoping to see Phoenix Wright on here, but with just how nutter butters these choices are it might be too normal.
Thank you for this massively entertaining video
I'm hoping when the Olympics next happen in Japan that the Japan Olympics game will be referenced in some way shape or form.
But, like, what about Mario?
So, you're a plumber, right? Because that's the obvious profession for the saviour of the world. You're in this Kingdom where all of the bricks are actually mushrooms who are actually people who are ruled by a person who isn't a mushroom, but some enemies are also mushroom people, but not the good kind of mushrooms, but there are also mushrooms that aren't people that make you grow huge, and also flowers that let you throw fireballs, because that's all perfectly normal, right? Then, to save the people, you have to destroy the bricks who are the people you're saving who are also mushrooms, but not the bad kind. Finally you go to a castle to beat a giant turtle dragon to save the Mushroom Princess who isn't a mushroom and isn't actually in that castle. Also, the whole thing is really just a stage play, and the actors all play tennis and cart racing together in their spare time.
Yup. Makes perfect sense to me.
"Bizarre game" in title, mostly Japanese selections, yup! Checks out!
the cheerleading game also spawned a free fan game called OSU! that you can download on pc. No cheerleaders, but the same gameplay is there, and you can download "levels" for loads of different songs for free. And there are anime backgrounds.
The return of the obra dinn, I mean I never expected a game about a insurance adjuster to be so interesting!
Doughnut County or reverse Karamari as it's also know
How about elite beat agents. The American version of Osu! Tatakae! Ouenden!
oh my christ he actually said Osu! correctly
You missed Goat Simulator
I need to play "I am bread"
Ouendan 2 is a whole lot more fun than Ouendan 1.
Japan World Cup is an actual game?! People PLAY THIS?!
Hard drugs the staple of video games.
Donut County sounds like Katamari Damacy...
One of my favorites is Nippon Marathon
"lol why are you dead" is a message I never thought I'd ever read in my life, let alone in a game (starring a raccoon) called Donut County.
How many times has Katamari been featured in April?
This channel is WatchMojo with 437x better writing
1:56 is that ready steady go from fullmetal alchemist?!?!?
1:55 I'd recognize "Ready Steady Go" in any format.
Goat Simulator!! Especially when you get the wizard goat and really mess everything up.
I would have put the Persona series on this list. I mean it's anime at its purest form. Juggling friends, part time jobs, overbearing father figures, and did I forget to mention the Pokémon JoJo style dungeon exploration monster slaying team you're apart of in your spare time? Yeah, you also do that.
That one track sounded like an OP from fma
Liked just for Hatoful Boyfriend. Everyone should play that.
Did everyone else hear full metal alchemist during the cheerleaders game cheer to stop the asteroid?
So that's where that Spirit from Smash Ultimate is from
Katamari is almost impossible to describe. You just have to play it
"7 Awesome Games that are actually really weird"
Donut County has one of the best soundtracks, and no you can't change my mind.  Have a Garbage Day!
Would totally start going to watch the races if they were what Japan World Cup is showing us 😂
around 2:02 was that a song from full metal alchemist?
1:56 Holy Hell, that's Ready Steady Go playing!
I loved Elite Beat Agents growing up! I pretty much played it religiously and I need a sequel
broken camera?
I swear the elite beat agents christmas mission made me tear up and almost made me cry.
I remember Ryan Davis speculating that Octodad was really about the feeling of trying to go through your day while extremely high and trying not to show it which is the best explanation for it that I could possibly think of
Dear Japan,
WTF.
Sincerely, the rest of the world.
Who else Clicked the screen trying to skip the dialogue @ 6:23
WE STILL NEED THE OCTODAD SEQUAL
The western version of osu tatakae is Elite Beat Agents
When it comes to Bizarre games, one for me has to be The Simpsons hit and run, just love hitting people over and watch them role around
Forget pigeons. Panzermadels lets you date tanks!
I dream to one day make a game that would fit this video.
Not even mentioning osu! for PC smh
Notice how most of those are Japanese xD
2:04 destroyed that asteroid with sheer power of wholesome
Really no surgeon simulator have a PhD but can't control your hands
Im sad that japan world cup was only mentioned briefly.
Donut County was great ... except I can't get over that I paid $12 for a game that short. I bought the Switch version, and I knew it was short, but I didn't expect it to be THAT short. It tainted my whole experience of it. :-/
Wait, the first game is an Osu!?
Wait a minute, is that song in 02:00 one of the openings for fullmetal alchemist? It sounds a lot like it
More social media needs a duck button.
How about genital jousting and gangbeasts... they're both hilarious party games XD
Crypt of the necrodancer! Nothing left to say!
Omg Elite Beat Agents was weird
Gonna hand it to the Japanese to rake in most of the list of recommendations of weirdness lol
props on that "less cents" joke.
I wanna be the guy: "Let's combine the most unfair platforming elements in one game!"

( Also Disznóvágás pro 2009 (Pigsticking pro 2009) a game what started asthe winner of a hungarian fake game case contest winner, but became a legitimate, but small game)
That first game ... is Elite Beat Agents ... from the DS ... but ... without the Alien Ant Farm Wally Talky Man.
I nomimate Kung-Fu Rider for your commenter edition. It was a PSMove game where you had to outrun the mafia or something by riding various types of chairs down the street. It's as weird as that explanation makes it sound.
Amazing Frog could count.
hey that's Osu! successor there
......


I'm weird ed out already just from these games I just never got into.

But can I use those three guys to shout at my annoying co-workers?  They are a problem.
1:06 will keep me happy for hours
I think goat simulator would fit well on this list.  The physics alone.....😧
Hard mode do the list again only this time no Japan
Maybe not the right definition of "bizarre," but Binding of Isaac deserves a mention simply for being a roguelike with properly developed characters and story elements.
If you think about almost any game too hard it becomes weird

Child falls in a big ditch, meets a loving goat, robot pop singer, armadillo scientist, fish worior, lazy skeleton, evil flower etc. That's Undertale
Surreal games are usually pretty good ,But they often leave me so confused
That last one slayed me.
Manuel Samuel, a game where you need to remember to breathe, blink, and alternate legs to prevent butt scooting everywhere. It is especially great in co-op where the controls are split between both players.
Chibi robo: you play as a robot who spends most of its time cleaning the house. And you have to make sure that you don’t go too far or you will become unplugged
So at least we know how much of Japan World Cup's budget was spent on drugs, all of it
I haven't started the video yet, but I feel like most of these games will just be Japanese games xD
Of course almost all of these are Japanese games 😂
Elite Beat Agents is one of my favorite games ever because of the weirdness.
Hi5 Studios has played I Am Bread. Look up: "Fail Time I Am Bread" and you will find it.
The first one, osu, just became a free to play PC game people use for training their aim in counter strike 😂
Parappa the rapper. "Hear me out... paper cutout anthropomorphic things in a vaguely 3d world that you help rap by pressing buttons at specific times to a rhythm."
"Anthropomorphic 'things'? Like.. animals?"
"Some of them. But I've got a great idea for a dojo sensei that's an onion."
I have such a warm spot in my heart for katamari. I had way too much fun with that game growing up.
2:00 some fullmetall alchemist I see you are a game of culture as well
Andy: I said 'Hole' too many times. Word counter: Just seven. Andy: Let us make it eight.
What about Mario and Rabbids: Kingdom Battle?
Sooooo 50+% of the weird games are Japanese... I am soooo surprised... 🙃
The King of All Cosmos always reminds me of God from Monty Python.
Cream of the crop I always raise to the top
omg i need that bread game
These games are the best argument for legalizing hard drugs.
Play aragami please ;-;
I will never ever play these 7 Games.
EBA Toned down the weirdness? Since when?
Slime Rancher.
All from Japan 💗
I never fully appreciated the term ‘a mood’ but that horse pirouetting over the finish line is definitely a mood and I am here for it.
Why do I have to choose a Pigeon? Cant I bang them all?
Slime rancher!
Most of these games a Japanese. As if we needed more reason to love Japan!
“Makes less sense (cents) than a broken penny machine at the national mint.” And Andy always boos Ellen’s puns
I have expected to see goat simulator or the stanley parable.
The beginning of OSU at the start
WarioWare: Smooth Moves on Wii. Another gem fromJapan which raises too many questions which one better never get answered.
What about Killer 7, such a unique, twisted game!
I want a more interactive Japan World Cup! Give me an absurd, hard to control and even harder to understand racing game!
So most of them are Japanese huh...never expected that. But seriously though they actually seems to be pretty good!
Make Cheerleaders Great Again!!
I was really hoping Akiba’s Trip was gonna be on the list, that games premise is super silly.
Well, you certainly saved the WTFiest for last...
please play japan world cup! never heard of it before and i think it would make a great video!
Got one more: Plants vs Zombies! 


Game developer: Hey let's make another zombie game, but instead of fighting the zombies yourself, the vegetables in your garden will do it for you!
I feel like slime rancher should be on this list.
Notice all of them mostly Japan.
Kazotzky kick.  Not related to this just wanted to comment
I don't know what you're talking about with Octodad. You're just playing as a normal, everyday father, not an octopus.
Baba Is You, a game where you literally rewrite the rules as you play.
What about Goat Simulator?

I know there's an obscene amount of wacky simulators out there nowadays. But this one is one of the first I remember and have fond memories of.

It basically started as a demo for a new engine, I believe, and it was so hilarious that they actually expanded an entire game (plus DLCs) on it. XD
Plants vs Zombies. There's a zombie on your lawn.
quibble races was another one that was pretty good
Goat Simulator? Mountain simulator? Mr. Mosquito? Seaman?
Using Japanese games is 100% cheating! Come on now.
Heeeeeeey Elite Beat Agents!
When you said swallow rush hour I thought I was gonna be Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan
We need another Elite Beat Agents.
Although it’s not the most bizarre concept I always have a soft spot for LocoRoco. It’s theme is so adorable.
I'm sorry, 'more intense than a Macho Man Savage promo'?

I, for a fact, can not dig that.
Ghost Trick. Playing as a spirit solving your own murder by controlling a variety of objects was an interesting concept.
Erm... Goat Simulator is weird but awesome!
Caught the end of the full metal alchemist theme near the end of the first game, there
The last time I put a bunch of stuff in my hole I had to go to the ER
What about Kingdom Hearts? Boy with spiky hair teams up with Disney characters to fight monsters with oversized key. Sounds pretty weird to me.
Anybody else catch that Contact reference? Or maybe it was unintentional or referencing something else. lol
No 1999's Seaman video game? Or is that not weird enough?
Mr. Mosquito for the PS 2!
Do Japanese animators get high when they write content?
Frog Fractions 2
Pocket Card Jockey for 3DS. A horse racing game where you control your horse through playing solitaire.
If we're talking about interesting concepts that eventually after years of effort became half decent games, what about No Man's Sky? Nyuck nyuck nyuck
A lot on the list are from Japan...🎌
Rock of Ages, you play as the rock Sisyphus has to push up the mountain and go on path through modern history.
Bizarre game concepts...oh, I know one: playing a game about playing an online game. It sounds weird because we have many MMORPGs to choose from, but it feels really satisfying to play a fictional online game because it feels like an actual online game. (happy sigh) I love the .hack series.
Ha! I was totally thinking of I Am Bread! So damn funny!
Fight Crab. A game about... Well.. Fighting crabs..
Is it wrong that now i want to watch an anime based on the first game?...It's just SO intense!!!!
Uhhh, no Ace Attorney or Professor Layton? Dude, those games are weird as heck!

Ace Attorney has you solving crimes as a lawyer even though that is totally not your job. Professor Layton games have puzzles. Puzzles everywhere. Want a cup of tea? SOLVE IT MORE ME!

Even better, just say the crossover game lol.
That first one reminds me of another rhythm game for PC lol
Banchoo beat down psp! You need to become the ultimate badass  in all Japan!
Why is Ryuto in the thumbnail
Plants vs Zombies, anyone?
Before watching video: Mario will be number 1, guaranteed
You want me to add 7 more games to my wishlist? Sure why not
"weirdest games" "japanese games" ... where's the difference? xD
The video I watched before this one was a macho man randy savage promo. Wierd.
Id be so pissed if i lost money on a bet because captain gargan was now suddenly a horsey knight as well, wow.
Wait!  The finale to Oendan is "Ready Steady Go" from Fullmetal Alchemist?!  I've never been so disappointed that the DS is region-locked.
So, basically, Japan?
2:34 I dont know whether you can call that a game or an experience...
Japan cames up with the weirdest but best games!
Thank you Japan! Very cool!
No Incredible Crisis?
Man, I miss Elite Beat Agents...
You know plumber Italian eating mushroom and stomp on turtles is kinda bizarre.
Clearly Hatoful Boyfriend makes my heart go doki doki. Just look at my icon. COO!
What about Lemmings? It's a game that perpetuated the idea that real lemmings throw themselves off cliffs and you had to save them by making them do various tasks to get you to the exit. AND it was created by DMA Design who later turned a glitch into Grand Theft Auto and then DMA became Rockstar North. AND Lemmings was incredibly successful, spawning several sequels and there's even a new mobile Lemmings game.
Magnificent!! Lol what did I just watch???
Personally I'd add Papers Please to this list.
Boongi doongal wins the Japan world cup
I like how most of those games came from Japan
2:00 isn't that "Ready...Steady" from Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood?
I recognized one of those JPOP songs from FMA.
So hit the "Golden Pipe" and make a video game? Got it!
Goat Simulator of course.
Doughnut county is basically just Katamari Damacy.
What about Tamagotchi Collection: Corner shop?  Having to give Tamagotchis baths, fry up Takoyaki and all kinds of other zany minigames was an absolute blast.  It was like the cutest version of Warioware.
10:37 if you ever show up
What the world needs now... is an oxbox let's play of Japan WorldCup
The first one sounds like a jojo musical
Wario Smooth Moves. Absolutely bonkers, rage-inducing fun.
Slime rancher was fresh and wacky
Before watching video: I'm betting a lot of these games are gonna be Japanese.
A bigger hole could fit bigger things ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Not hot students (pigeon dating sim), but HATO students (鳩
 Hato).
If we're talking about bizarre game concepts that made for great games, how about former gang leader super powered president of the United States fights evil aliens? Saints Row 4 did it so well!
how about that Nefarious game? its main premise is you are the boss fight
Are all of these from Japan?!
That last game.. hahahaha
Undertale. The RPG where it’s a BAD thing to kill monsters and level up.
The fact that most of these games came out of Japan really makes me question their super strict "no drugs" laws
Wait wasn't that Octodad from Outside Xtra?
Wow Japan, i wonder where you got those hilarious and bizzare ideas
1:54 Is that Ready Steady Go by L'Arc~n~Ciel? Because that's what it sounds like to me.
I'm going to say Animal Crossing, because if you had told me that I'd be in debt up to my eyeballs to a money-hungry raccoon for the better part of the game, I never would've played it.
Hey you, ya you reading this, go watch videogamedunkey's Japan world cup video!
Let's Read the bread book
haven't seen it yet ... but i already know that more than half of these must be japanese :))
What about little inferno 
A game set around buying stuff... only to set it on fire
Osu! Is actually really popular all around the world.
Warframe. You’re a metal space ninja with magical powers.
I am obsessed with Katamari
These games are the Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure of games. Weird when someone tells you about it, but awesome when you experience it for yourself.
The first game looks like Elite Beat Angels, but Japanese Cheer Dudes instead.
Who Else Thinks of Chicken Boo From Animanics Whenever They See Octodad?
how about rock of ages
Typing of the Dead is another great example, it seems odd to replace the light gun with keyboards but it works remarkably well and is an excellent way to experience House of the Dead 2.
So basically this is "Top 7 Japanese games"?
No Mr. Mosquito love?
The video started and I thought I was having a stroke. Am I or does everyone else see that too?
Insult simulator, anyone?
I mean, is Catlateral Damage not a thing? It can really help you understand why your cat knocks everything over..... Points.
no goat Simulator? I am dissapointed.
Crypt of the NecroDancer needs to be on a list of weird games that no one knew they needed. Though maybe that can wait until Cadence of Hyrule!
Ace Attorney is a pretty weird concept: a video game lawyer defends clients from execution by yelling “objection” and pointing out logical inconsistencies. Yet it’s also an amazing series.
Trauma Center, hands down. "O.K. guys, hear me out on this. You're a new doctor who starts out stitching up accident victims, but soon you're destroying man-made viruses with medical bullet time superpowers." It shouldn't work, and yet the games are amazingly fun.

Also, shout out to the original Trauma Center for being the only game I've been able to use as a marriage counseling tool. My brother and his then fiancee were arguing over the best way to get home after picking me up late from the train station, and it was getting really heated as neither one of them wanted to budge on their proposed routes. Sensing things were escalating way too quickly and annoyed with the distraction from my game, I yelled at them that I had a 34-year old man's heart in front of me that I was trying to fix and that their bickering was NOT HELPING!

The weirdness and timing of my complaint seemed to shock them enough that after a moment they both apologized and the mood in the car returned to normal. I'm not saying Trauma Center potentially saved their relationship, but it would be irresponsible not to speculate.
What does It say about me that I have played all but the last two?
@1:46, is that Chloe Price and Max Caulfield?!
4 out of 7 are from Japan. Why am I not surprised?
Did anybody else immediately go download donut county after watching this
3:42- it was at the moment that Jane yelled “that’s not how that works!”
I would be surprised by the Japan World Cup game...but it's Japan so I just expect the bizarre by now. I've seen their game shows. Lol
What about job island for the Wii? The game where you work jobs and get money to buy weird objects from the shopping channel on your TV to fling at several different asteroids that are coming to destroy the earth.
Manual Samuel should be on here. What's more complicated than manually performing tasks we never actuality do, like blinking... You never actively blink, it just happens.  Tell Andy to stop blinking, I'm not wrong
Manual Samuel should be on here. What's more complicated than manually performing tasks we never actuality do, like blinking... You never actively blink, it just happens.  Tell Andy to stop blinking, I'm not wrong
Stop judging me and my pigeons.
Magnificent indeed.
Japan, are you ok? Do you need us to call someone?
Would slime rancher count?
Japan World Cup is the epitome of "The longer you stare the funnier it becomes."
How did Octodad have all-human kids...?😮😅 Or are they not his...🤔
I was thinking Manual Samuel, where you get a second chance at life after being hit by a septic truck. Just remember to breathe, and blink, walk, not to wee on yourself and how to drive stick shift...
Anyone else recognize Ready Steady Go from FMA at 1:55
Goat Simulator?
they should have send a poet , Contact ;)
The Katamari series is indeed amazing just as it is weird, which is why I find it very puzzling that not many gaming channels play it. I mean, I've expected it on your channel around xmas time for many years now due to it's competitive nature, come one OxBox get into the ball rolling spirit!
Japan you did it again!
I'm surprised Mount Your Friends isn't on this list. It'd make a rather fun let's play as you can edit the athletes faces and import photos onto them.
It gets surprisingly competitive after a few brews :)
Mr Mosquito
Warframe. It's a free to play multiplayer game that almost every big developer said "no" to when they were shopping for one.

Since then they've implemented not one, but TWO amazing open world areas, expanded the roster of Warframes to over 40, and frankly, is the only game that does micro-transactions right. What other game company can say they redesigned their system when they saw it looking like a loot box system?

Oh, and they just celebrated their six year anniversary, and it's playable on every system available now.
How the heck did Portal slip through the cracks here?
So, the answer is "Japan;" just, "Japan."  Japan is the most bizarre game concept.
Catlateral Damage would be another one, where you're a cat whose job is to knock everything in a house onto the floor, just like a real cat!
How about Horse Testicle Size Simulator (alternately known as Red Dead Redemption 2...)
Hatoful Boyfriend is one of the Best games ever made prove me wrong.
that last song on osu! was definitly ready steady go
What about Patapon for the PSP? You lead a tribe of warriors (whose bodies are 90% eyeball) to conquest and glory; crushing your enemies, seeing them driven before you, and hearing the lamentation of their women all through the unconquerable power of.... DRUMS!
"are there any we missed?" well yeah... how about any and every mario game that has ever existed?
You noticed how these games are mostly made in japan?
What about "mount your friends" that indie game you guys played years and years ago. Still my favorite video.
No Goat simulator?
This video should have been called “Things from Japan”
Will they mention PaRappa the rapper in the next time they do this video? I just gotta believe they will!
is the first game based on uso or is uso based on that game??
I apparently need more Japan World Cup in my life.
And that's why the Japanese used bicycles in world war two instead of horse's
I've said for years Katamari is proof that Japan has waaaay better drugs than the rest of the world
You forgot Mr. Mosquito, but if you guys have a Japan World Cup livestream I'll totally forgive you.
how about papers please? i can safely government paperwork has never been more fun.
There’s Parodius. Gameplay-wise, it’s a standard SMUP, but in terms of literally everything else, it’s totally bizarre, and I love it!
How about the goat simulator?
Viscera Cleanup Detail, where you're a space janitor cleaning up gore and mess but a strangely satisfying and hilarious game. Plus multiplayer is ridiculous.
Getting over it with Bennet Foddy
8:09

celiac disease sufferers
Danganronpa maybe?
Most Bizarre Games or more simply put a list of Japanese exclusive titles... and that's why we love the Japanese :D
Pokemon. Collect a bunch of animal-things and fight them against other animal-things.
Great game suggestions! Along the lines of Katamari Damacy and Donut County is Tasty Planet where you start as a cell and grow to eat the planet.
All these games fall into 2 very specific categories... They are either uncontrollable or japanese...
How could y'all miss Mister Mosquito!? Everything about that game is ridiculous, and it's awesome!!
Ok who remembers the 1983 Spectrum game Bugaboo the Flea. Where you play a flea trying to climb out of a cave while avoiding a yellow dragon...anyone?
Showed this video to a friend who has zero interest in video games. He liked it a lot 😄
OSU!!!!
I wonder if they played those seens of Octodad on a previous episode episode...?  I kid. I love.
When I worked as a bookie I found out something stranger. They're are bookies that will take bets on the Japanese world cup racing. It sounds daft but walk into any Corals, William Hill or Betfred and they'll have virtual races, admittedly not as mad but it really is a thing.
First game on the list, Japanese.. yeah I guessed as much.
So... this video tells me Japan is Weird and were okay with that.
You can keep your RDR2s, your CODs and your God of Wars, stuff like this is why I'm a gamer.


That said, I have played all those games I mentioned, so I guess you can't keep them after all.
I LOVED Katamari!
Everyone loves Katamari.
It probably says something about me that I've either played or am familiar with all the games on this list except for one......
Did I just hear the world get saved by Ready, Steady, Go? The Elric Brothers would be proud.
Pretty sure the vocabulary to describe Japan World Cup hasn't been invented yet.
So it's Hatoful Boyfriend's fault we now have an "Attack helicopter dating sim" on the Steam store. Gotcha.
How about Goat Simulator? You can literally become a demon while randomly destroying stuff.
i am bread? no you are bread bread bread (music intensifies)
Fighting games aren't weird, but pitting beloved Nintendo characters against each other was. Super Smash Bros., as much as we take it for granted now, was a weird concept that also changed entirely how you eliminate your opponents too.
another awesome video guys. although i have to wonder if you used the same drugs as these game developers.
Surprised not to see Sushi Striker on this list.
Who's that man with the eight strong legs?
Can we talk about the fact that pretty much half of those games came from Japan ?
Is a pigeon dating sim any weirder than all the other dating sims?
The entire country of Japan is just coated in acid, isn't it?
"I Am Bread" deserves to be on this list solely for the bread-related pun titles on the bookshelf. My favorite is a tie between "Grainspotting" and "The Hunt for Bread October".
Undertale is a pretty quirky game could have fit somewhere in this list, dunno where.
Scrolled down pretty far but couldn't see anyone mention either Rocket League (giant 1v1 football matches with explosive flying batmobiles?) or the Cookie Clicker game that triggers the granny apocalypse...
7 bizarre game concepts - 4 of them are from Japan. Frankly speaking, that whole list could've been made only with japanese games.
Jet set Radio and Jet Set radio Future should've made it on here
I feel like i should add love thyself: a horatio story, despite it only having the intro chapter right now. It's a story about being a clone of a fellow called horatio in a nation where EVERYONE is a clone of horatio. and despite only  being the into is surprisingly good
I knew hatoful boyfriend would be here. The Bad Ending was the most WTF thing ever
So i guess Kingdom Hearts isn't that bizarre after all...
So I’m guessing that first one is the reason Osu! Exists
So I’m guessing that first one is the reason Osu! Exists
Which came first elite beat agents or the first game
Ok so Ive never played this but on Steam there is a game called Gential Jousting. Saw it once on my discovery queue, laughed solid for a good 10 minutes. The trailer for it is the best.
Papers Please
today i learned that all your game has to do to be critically acclaimed is A: have intentionally shoddy controls or B: be from japan
Everything (the game) was weird yet beautiful in the fact that it prompted multiple existential crises. It either leaves you with the feeling that; each and every thing is thread that weaves together the tapestry of existence. Everything is connected so every is important. Which is nice.
Or it leaves you feeling like; you are this weird thinking animal on a rock hurdling through space which is nothing more than a pointless speck in the grand scheme of the imposibly vast cosmos. And you are a silly silly fool if you think you are anything more than that. Which is less nice. 

Plus you literally start the game as a deer that cartwheels it's way around the world, trying to have deep meaningful conversations with plants and rocks. So yeah, I'd say it's pretty dang weird.
Long Live the Queen. 14 year old Princess, Choose your own adventure, Survive, Magical Girl, visual noval. And it just works.
I think Blast Corps for the N64 was a weird concept that was ridiculously addictive.  Blow everything up so you don't get blown up, I'm in!
"Dance at people, until their problems go away." Ima pee.
When i saw the thumbnail i was just like: Japanese games, Japanese games everywhere.
ahh nothing like a grown man in a school boys clothes screaming at me in the morning
What about Zooicide, Mount Your Friends, Totally Accurate Battle Simulator? Really weird and goofy games which leave you laughing
Ah Japan... at it again. How many magic mushrooms do japanese game devs take during brainstorming sessions? Mind you that would explain alot about Kojima... anyone checked in on that guy recently?
Cho aniki.
The hand of fate games could qualify for this list. Whilst not the weirdest games out there, their use of a deck building system to create encounters mixed with a blend of arkham combat does wonders to create a unique and later challenging adventure.


Also there’s a goblin masquerading as a human called Lionel who gives you bombs and steals your food when he “helps” you. Classic Lionel.
That horse thing really cracked me the hell up! Off to bed with a smile tonight!
Japan's gaming industry in a nutshell
Confused to say the least
Er, that first entry is Ou-en-DAN, not DEN. It’s the “cheer” part of “cheer squad”.

Also, no Metal Wolf Chaos? Or the early game-composed-of-minigames game Incredible Crisis? It might not have a president in a mech suit shouting RICHAAAAAARD!, but it does have a soundtrack by Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
Octodad made me throwup
2BH hatoful boyfriend is one of the least weird VN's I've read.
Center street USA
I feel bad for wanting to play hatoful boyfriend
You can try Hole io if you want competitive hole action
So... about the first game, Oendan. Is that the origin of Osu gameplay?
First one looks like Opsu
Ooh, was the last song for that first game "Ready Steady Go"?
That raccoon hole one is pretty much just Katamari Damacy with a circle because doing an ever expanding ball made of all the stuff you rolled up is a lot more work.
I honestly lost it with Japan World Cup.. I have died, I'm dead, please have some respect.
What about goat simulator?
Dear Japan, please share your drugs with the rest of the world. Love, the rest of the world, except the Phillipines.
No mention of Gang Beasts. Its literally OctoDad meets WWE.
I get the feel that Japan is really weird...
Why do all these weird games have such good soundtracks?!
By my count 4 out of 7 are Japanese; seems disproportionate.
i have elite beat agent in mi ds and it was fantastic... i even cry in two mission ( the x-mas  one was particularly tear jerker) , and the final mission was cheer all the previously  helped person to repel the  alien invasion of the rombulans ( who hated music for some reason) at the rhythm of  without a figth and jumping jack flash.  i would forever wish a secuel
A concert violinist performing in front of a live audience and trying not to sh*t himself?  So basically you get to roleplay Johnny chiodini.
Katamari Damacy is a chilling glimpse of the true horror of the cosmos, in which we are but insignificant motes of matter, dancing in an uncaring void until incomprehensible gods destroy all that we know and cherish in order to satisfy the bizarre ideas that spark within their eldritch intellects after a drunken night.
Truly a masterpiece of horror. Slenderman and PT are amateurs compared to this.
Not First
Magnificent!
This video was wholesome!
There's a game called Robot Roller-Derby Disco Dodgeball which is.......exactly what it sounds like, but how even is that a thing? I dunno who decided to slam all those together, but it's pretty damn fun.
It probably says a lot about me that this list is pretty much all favourite games of mine
lol half of these games are from Japan
Anyone know why Andy started to go on about an octopus all of a sudden while showing a video of a perfectly normal human man?
I'd pay for a Hatoful Boyfriend 3. I mean seriously, we still haven't graduated!
Octodad's inability to control his limbs is understandable, as each limb is capable of operating independently of each other.  It adds an interesting element to the game, as you have to wonder if real octopus have the same problem.  Only able to prompt their arms towards a specific goal with each handling the fine motor controls, living in frustration as they watch them grabbing everything but the door handle....

Weddings man, they are rough on an Octo.... um, I mean they are rough on dad, yeah dad.
Billy Hatcher was one of the strangest games I have ever played. "Let's roll these eggs and make them squash fruit and make them even larger!!!!"
What about Holy Potatoes! A Weapon Shop?!

A game where you're a potato person who runs a blacksmith/weapons shop. Hiring workers, mining resources, doing research, and selling your merch to the best matching hero you can to help them level up on their quests.
How could you not have human fall flat? That game is the definition of bizarre!
Japan world cup looked really good actually.   Though horson did get a bit of a complex.
One thing to notice however, is that most of the list is composed of games developed in Japan. Why am I not surprised.
there is a free version for PC of OSU! to download^^ just google "OSU!"
So wait if the first one is originally from Japan and was the first of its kind does that mean Elite beat agents is the American rip-off version?
I am amazed not all of these are Japanese.
Ah yes katamari <3
My favorite wierd game is Maze a puzzle solving game about sentient corn and a Russian robotic teddy bear
Battle Chef Brigade "You know what the world needs? A combination platforming, sidescrolling beat-em-up and match 3 puzzle game where you are trying to join an elite military force dedicated to hunting and cooking every monster in existence."
goddamnit japan
what about: Who's your daddy?????
Gitaroo Man: A game in which a kid with self esteem issues gets a magic guitar that turns his dog into a boom box and has him involved in musical battles with an imp in a diaper, mexican skeletons, a techno thumping flying saucer and a space shark (among others)
How about every Mario game ever made?
And to think the guys behind goat simulator and I am Bread have made satisfactory
Hatoful Boyfriend gives new meaning to the Sesame Street song, Doing the Pigeon.
The fact that more than half of these are Japanese games says a lot
Phoenix write, ace attorney? Who in their right mind though about making a game where you are a lawyer in court?
Akiba's Trip: Undead & Undressed. The plot of the game is you play as a teenager in Japan who likes Anime and after accepting a shady contract you're turned into a vampire who can walk around during the day so long as you avoid having your clothes forcibly ripped off your body
OH I GET IT...........Less cents than a broken...yes
Why there isn't a hit Terry Crews Old Spice game yet? That shit has infinite potential on weird insanity concepts.
Learn to Fly 3 is pretty weird, but that's not unexpected for a game about a penguin space program.
My mom once won a lawsuit by cooking an egg on a heater
I'm sorry, but WHAT ON EARTH was Japan World Cup!?!?! That looks like NIcholas Cage's fever dream!
So Hatoful Boyfriend is basically Chirpy without the horse and a bit more romance
Again: Japan's weird
yes ❣️
I think I speak for everyone when I say “What the F*** Japan?”
What about Surgeon Simulator? It was a jam game, made in a very short time iirc and was so popular that a whole game was made... and I love it =)
Desert Bus didn't make the list?
Goat Simulator, Surgeon Simulator, that simulator about cleaning up horrendous murder scenes.... Actually the entire "Simulator" sub-genre sort of works here.
Why does your Donut County have a cursor? Stop being weird....
and have a garbage day...
I notice there were no Australian pigeons to date. Which is a shame cause they have cool hair-doos
Why do I know all these games and love them? Does this mean I am weird and bizarre? Fuck it, yes I am, and am proud of it!!!✊
The weirdest game I've played in recent memory was Goat Simulator. Games like the ones in the video just aren't my thing. I can deal with only so much weirdness.
Catherine is one.
i found a ps2 copy of katamari damacy at a good will when i was 7. me and my entire family proceed to beat the game 3 times, and it was the damn best. most fun i had with my ps2 besides battlefront 2.
"What if you were an octopus, who was pretending to be a human"... What an odd thing to say about a regular dad living a normal life with his family. Though the fact that a game about a dad's every day life got made is still a bit odd to be honest.
I Am Bread is freaking rage inducing.
What about Papers Please? I mean how exactly do you one day think to yourself "Bureaucracy is fun, I'll make a game about it!".
japand should just not make games anymore lmao
Mentioning Salvador Dali and Macho Man Randy Savage in the same intro? Bold.
Game clip: 🎶Katamari DaMashee

Andy: Katamari DuhMAHshee
The fact that you guys managed to cover bizarre game concepts without even MENTIONING Cho Aniki surprises me. How could you forget the classic buff dudes on spinny chairs, or the human pyramid boss?
Half of the games on this list are from Japan... Why am I not surprised?
Do you guys even watch horse racing? That is EXACTLY what happens on those, Japan World Cup is most accurate horse race simulator ever
Fun fact: Ouendan or "Cheering Squad" is basically kind of Japan's ver. of Cheerleading, using taiko drums, horns, and also waving flags or banners to rally their club/team's supporters.
Ah, clearly you've never played Wizkid on the Amiga by Sensible Software. Wizkid is the son of Wizard (the wizard) and Wizball (a big green disembodied head who starred in the previous game, Wizball on the C64 and Amiga). Where to begin in explaining this concept?  Most levels have two game modes - head mode in which you use Wizkid's smiling green face to bash "bricks" into enemies to kill them and extract musical notes, and Body Mode in which the power of music magically gives Wizkid his body back to solve various puzzles. 


These may or may not include flooding the loos located at the bottom of a well, tricking a clown in stocks into drinking a can of spiked cola (which you found in the aforementioned toilets - Wizkid didn't spike it himself as that would be weird), and jumping into the open mouth of "Dog Girl".  I'd like to think the original pitch of the game was "let's do a sequel to that really popular game, Wizball" and then after making one level that was like Wizball they got bored and spiked each other's cola.


Also, your mentor is a giant snail and the final boss is the game Asteroids but with every asteroid replaced with Wizkid's neverending smile.
What about Cookie Clicker? By all accounts, it should be a horrible game, but it's actually really addicting
02:00 L'arc En Ciel ?
of course japan hahahaha
Pretty certain the guys behind the Cheer game worked in public relations beforehand, where yes, screaming at your problems, namely customers, will make them leave.
I still remember the first time I discovered katamari damacy. I was in middle school and we were the video store and I was looking at for game and I saw the weird fucking cover of we love katamari and I was like "I don't know what this is but I have to play it" and I loved it.
It occurs to me that Donut City is basically the reverse Katamari Dancy -- in the latter, you're trying to gather up objects to make something in the sky; in the former, you're sucking in objects to drop them into the earth. Also, Octodad and the Bread from "I Am Bread" would probably get along famously. XD Octodad could probably give Bread a few tips in grip, judging by those clips!
Was . . . was that two men and a horse doing the Russian Squat Dance on the back of an Extendo-Horse (patent pending) in that last game?
Pokémon snap
...Am I in a dream? It's hard to tell.
Super Mario is pretty weird, when you think about it: an Italian plumber goes to a fairy tale kingdom where he smashes bricks with his fist, eats mushrooms and leaves to gain super powers, and fights turtles.
You clearly missed bishi bashi. A frantic mini game collection involving things such as: punching gangsters using king fu, gamble for breakfast, dance, chase paper airplanes, etc.
Who else was expecting to see Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker when Andy started talking about Rush Hour?
Ya know, when you think about it, Katamari Damaci is a really morbid alien invasion game... Thats some deep shit, right there.
I can't be the only one who is curious about octodad sex life right?
I just say "Densha de D", drifting trains, great music and a story.. at least I think there was story but heyyy drifting trains, who needs a story.
I genuinely laughed my @$$ off threw most of these games. Downloading all of them I love you all for giving me this gift of stupidity ❤️
I am surprised cubivore wasn't here.
Ah game concepts, hilarious things they are, bizarre, weird and awkward sometimes, guess that what makes some of them fun in the end, if they are made at all.
Dear Japan: thnks fr th Mmrs
Of its in japan why why is it called japan world cup
I feel like smash bros is pretty weird. It's a fighting game where there's no health bar, and the goal is to make your opponent fall off the stage. Also you can make Snake fight Mario. Because why not.
In Japan's defence, traditionally oendan can be summed up as "a bunch of very intense (high school) guys screaming at the opponent until their team wins". It's not really any more weird than the haka which I think the world seems to take for granted these days.
Hatoful Boyfriend is one of those games that you play for a laugh and then you are crying because you wanted to romance a bookish mourning dove and didn't expect to have actual feelings.
So then you date the pigeon that is an avatar of the god of pudding to cheer yourself up.
Warioware, you play a game about making awful video games in a get rich quick scheme by playing said games.
Aka. Japan games being japan again
What, no Ace Attourney? the fact they are games about playing an attourney is the most normal thing about them.
I've noticed that moste of these bizarre games are Japanese well if no much about Japanese culture well this is a normal Monday God nose what they think up the rest of the week.
OOOOOHHHHHHHH YEAH! DIG IT!
I have one: Literally playing as a god in the Black and White series. Those games have some of the most ingenious control mechanisms and the evil/good paths have real effects as you work your way through the game.
You forgot that one game well the goal is to become the most delicious cupcake.
I'm surprised bayonetta or mario and rabids didn't make the list
Huniepop anyone?
How about Blast Corps? Save the world by demolishing entire cities. Not to mention "rescuing" survivors by blowing up the building they're in.
Did you guys go through Many a True Nerds game list and pick the strangest ones out?
Isn't there a surgeon simulator where your flailing hands invariably liquify your patients, a not insignificant proportion of whom are aliens...?
Andy, please tell me you were wearing your 'Have a Garbage Day' T-shirt while recording the Donut County segment at least!
Where is splatoon?
Lol most of them is Japanese as expected
Naaaaani!! No goat simulator.
How about the game “superhot”
see what u got wrong is that non of these did work they all suck
Was that the "WHOLE" game?
so many Japanese games...
I'd like to add Jelly Car to this list if it were still compatible
You should do a list on games that made you quit because of extremely bad physics, prime example surgeon simulator 2013 with the space surgeries because all the stuff floats around out of your reach & intentionally gets stuck in paces where you can't retrieve them & aren't able to finish a surgery because of that.
What about Rpg maker the series, that one quite literally is like someone gift wrapped years of hard visual and conceptual work and gives it to your imagination to do with as you please. You can remake youur favorite games, give said favorite games mild tweaks (like making aerith live), or you can make a piece of art the world never knew you could make with the right resources the possibilities are almost endless if not truly since they are in your hands.
That elephant pretending to be a horse is going in an rpg.
Anyone know the band at the beginning of the first game?
Ouendan is the best game but you forgot to mention the sequel (Ouendan 2!!!!) and that when you beat the male teams you get sexy american style girl cheerleaders!  Now I have to go dig those games out of my closet and replay them all.
Why am I not surprised that 3 out of 7 entries are tittles from Japan?
The first one was re-released in English as “Elite Beat Agents.”  I had it for the DS.
Baba is you.
Mom Hid My Game is a really fun, but awkward-lutely weird puzzle game.
Maybe it's not as weird as some of the others games on this list but I think Crypt of the Necrodancer sounded pretty weird on paper. A rouge-like where you have to move to the beat of the music and kill enemies that move to their own rhythms? It's not one of my favorite games of all time AND it's getting a crossover with The Legend of Zelda. That has to prove something, not sure what but something.
Do the pigeons speak pigeon english ?
QWOP
Space channel 5. So you are a news anchor who stops an alien invasion with dancing, forms a large amount of backup dancers, and Michael Jackson is their for some reason.
Danganronpa .. Guys..seriously. It needs to be here.
Half the list was delightfully Japanese weirdness.
Ze Warldo.... Cup!
Japan.
Calling every kind of bs where there is a list of wierd game concepts and Disney meats final fantasy isn’t one of them
So I guess you could say the first game....

Is a Bizarre Adventure
That last song in the cheer leading game is one of the FMA Brotherhood intros. Read, Steady Go! I could hear the lyrics "Oh please trust me!"
Not sure if this should testify how weird the world is or the fact that we humans are as easy to entertain as cats with a laser pointer... or a bit of both...
The Donut County reminds me of a TomSka skit...
OUENDAN!!
🇯🇵🇯🇵🇯🇵
I only recently found out that hato (鳩) is Japanese for pigeon or dove. Pun now understood.
Plants vs zombies.

Because in the event of the living dead, gardening is the first thing on everyones mind? Am I right?
did you know that octopuses have part of  their brains in their tentacles, so each tentacle literally has a mind of its own which is probably why they're so hard to control in octodad,
How about WarioWare smooth moves for the Wii. A game where you play microgames while hold the Wiimote in such elegant positions as: the finger food, the Mohawk, and the big cheese.
I wish someone would dance and cheer my problems very loudly away. Also Japan is flipping weird.
Anyone else unsurprised that nearly every game here is Japanese?
I Am Bread might be my least favourite game ever. Utterly unplayable, and not in the way that some games are difficult/challenging but fun. The intentionally bad controls and cheap level design were irritating and not fun.
Weird = Unique = unseen concept
Speaking of octodad how did the children are born,
I would like to expand this list with "Cargo! The quest for gravity". This game expects you to reverse the end of the world, perpetrated by the mechanical Devil. And to do that you are supposed to either kick tiny bald men or make them dance. For a start.
Ace Attorney games are a weird premise. I'm on the third game. Who thought playing a lawyer could be so fun!!!
While I will admit the first game on the list is a japan exclusive, there IS an english equivalent. Elite Beat Agents. It's less awesome, for obvious reasons, but does exist.
Most of them come from Japan, no suprise there. You could have just pick 10 random games from that place and 7 or more of them will be weird. :D
Or "Freaky Japanese games we like."
why does that japanese cheerleader game have the OSU! game system?
A game about high school pidgeons...  dont think I wanna know how this game came to be..
pata-pata-pata-pon
Hatoful Boyfriend I will 500% recommend, the Devs basically went 'how can we make a heartbreakingly depressing and serious game that NO-ONE will take seriously at first sight.' I literally sobbed in one ending.
How about Pokemon GO? a game where you have to go into the real world? Weird!
Hey, you forgot Aviary Attorney, an indie game that us like Ace Attorney but more, it has more of a detective element and you can actually get the answer wrong without a game over among other things
Ever play Everything?  It's a game in which you act as a conscious entity that can become or control anything become cosmically large or so small you enter the sub atomic realm and all the micro and macroverses between those two things unlocking parts of a very pleasant lecture on westernized zen philosophy given by Alan Watts.  One minute you're an electron the next you're a slice of pizza or a car or a camel or a galaxy or a bat.
What the hell?
I feel like Andy and Mike would be up for being male cheerleaders to encourage the world from not blowing up. Que clip of PAX East Just Dance video!
Why isn't Super Mario, the first, in this list????
Cmon, a italian plumber that grows by eating mushrooms and can throw fire from its hands after eating a flower, trying to save a mushroom princess from a turtle dragon??????
In a way donut county is like beautiful catamari just not remotely as good or charming
What, why isn't "Who's your daddy?" on here.  A game where you play as a baby intent on killing itself or a father trying to keep said baby alive is the definition of bizarre... and morbid... but in gameplay, mostly the bizarre part
wasn't number 1 just elite beat agents?
How did Patapon not make it on this list? I mean, you are an invisible God that commands your adorable armies using sick drum beats. I am so disappoint outsidexbox.
Sorry I took so long to comment... I was busy getting myself out of stitches after laughing too hard at Japan world cup
How about 'Baba is you?' It's a puzzle game, where the rules are written on movable blocks and have to rearranged to solve the level.
What
OOOOOUEEEENDAAAAAAAANNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hatoful Boyfriend AND Elite Beat Agents in one vid? Have you guys been looking at my favourites list? :o
ETA: Should there ever be more videos on this theme, I'd like to nominate Mount Your Friends, a very serious game about climbing Mount Everest, if Mount Everest was entirely made of dudes (and the occasional goat).
where are the funny people sitting at the fancy chair instant unsubscribe
The first game on the list looks like OSU! a free game on PC
Um...what?
Some more game examples from myself: Incredible Crisis - play a guy's really bad day. Muscle March - posing through walls! Hyper Bishi Bashi Special - so much weird, I can't really fit it into a YouTube comment.  Impossible Creatures - RTS where you get to DNA Splice your own hybrid creatures as units, Papers, Please - be a border patrol officer.
So this is where Osu! Comes from...
I have a strong and sudden urge to learn Japanese.  Please send help.
Honestly I think spying on the Russians in Afghanistan in the 80's and having to stop Skull Face from  building a bipedal nuke-launching robot and killing people with language viruses should more than qualify MGS5 for this list
Ace Attorney. There's a case where you seriously have to defend an orca who was accused of murder. There's more craziness, but I'm pretty sure that's a stand out example that there's more to this series than what meets the eye.
"Let's throw birds at pigs!" - Angry Birds
"Let's make children run from home, catch animals and engage in animal fights!" - Pokemon
"Let's make a super rich girl get eaten by Piranhas, Crocodiles and fight agains a devil-torso!" - Tomb Raider
"We should take all women from a people and make the men left behind conquer the world." - The Settlers
"What if god had a dumb pet that pooped on people?" - Black and White
... I could go on for hours.
I'd say that game with the zombie-killing cheerleader with a lollypop that I've completely forgotten the name of, but I've recently bought Anna and the Apocalypse, and she'd absolutely trounce anyone in the 'using candy-based weapons to take out the undead' olympics, so... yeah...
Somehow, for some reason, I don’t know why, most of these are Japanese... so weird coincidnece
Wat about elder scrolls 6
I don’t get the third one, it’s just a game about a dude and his family, what’s weird about that?
EEEEEEEEEEE
I hate katamari
How about Bishi Bashi
Does anyone know what the song at 1:29 is? I recognise it but can't identify it.
In Miitopia it's a turn based game but you only have control over the first character and everyone else is AI. Also you don't buy more equipment, you wait until your character wants it and pay them the money to get it... And sometimes they come back with the wrong item because they impulse bought candy or bananas instead. I know you're my cousin Becky but we already have fifty bananas and I sent you to buy a magic wand! Also you can create just about every character and NPC in the game. This is a game where I had to help Ed save his love intrest Princess Lisa Simpson's face that Ajit Pai stole and put on a monster which is a sentence I never thought I would say in a million years.
16 would love Hatoful Boyfriend because well as TFS put it he’s a bird nerd.
Something's missing... Three words:  MOUNT. YOUR. FRIENDS
I've asked for Donut County for my birthday and it's entirely your fault. You and your subliminal advertising with all the times you wear that "Have a garbage day" t-shirt ; )
The most Bizarre has a greater chance of being great than it does of sucking, This is because they're making an attempt to change things up and even if the game isn't the best most times the games are still entertaining as hell.
What about Va-11 Hall-A? It's a game set in a cyberpunk setting where you're not the cool guy destroying the government, but just some bartender working hard to keep a bar running to serve drinks to weird people.
Akiba's trip, that game is so weird because basically you just play as a nerd that gets turned into a vampire who is then saved by another vampire and then you have to kill other vampires afterwards by fighting them with everyday objects and then tearing their clothes off so that they can be exposed to the Sun. I always thought it was a weird concept but that game is so much fun and so hilarious.
Sadly, Japan World Cup is no longer a thing. And basically Vanished from the Internet, except a few Videos on NicoNico, the Games itself is gone. :(
Lets face it. Japanese pitch meetings likely involve hot sake followed by karaoke. Seriously we need more of their style over here, would be a lot less stress in the office enviroment.
How can i play japan olypicis I thought it was going to be a mario an sonic ripoff i am glad i am wrong
I would so like the first game, with subtitles, on steam...
I'm sorry but where is Mount Your Friends?
I would like to add Splatoon to the list. Who else but Japan thought it would be a good idea to have highly fashionable squid-kid hybrids play extreme paintball with Super Soakers, paint rollers, and buckets while having extremely good platforming and stealth shooting aspects and is one of Nintendo's biggest franchises despite being one of the youngest?
Clearly, Mister Mosquito on PS2 needs to make the next list. You play as a mosquito assaulting a family for blood, and you hit them in specific "relax areas" to calm them and stop them from swatting you before you suck their blood. It's bizarre and awesome.
What about rocket league? Just saying but cars dont usually play soccer or basketball
A bunch of celebrities who like to yell at the top of their voices unite the entire planet to save the world? Are we sure they didn't stop the asteroid with a spirit bomb?
Pony Island. It a game where you are a dead who which you lean through out the game if your looking for it a crusader from the 1200’s. You are hear to play a video game made by Satan involves ponies. It get weird when turn out your some how better then Satan at coding also a soul will help you find demons who are codes protecting core files.
I think Markiplier will tell you that Octodad is NOT good. At least for him. x'D lol
It’s an old one, but Nobody Can Stop Mr Domino comes to mind...
Unsurprisingly, most of these games are Japanese.
There was that game where a man dressed up as a bat has to escape a mental asylum which has been taken over by a clown, fighting a crocdile in the sewers, a talking scarecrow and a giant plant on his way to freedom.
Cool
Pokemon Snap. The game where they asked "know what's better than fantasy dog fighting? Having a safari holiday in that fantasy world and playing as that family member of yours who got a dslr in 2005 and fancies himself a photographer ever since."
Mount your friends. I mean the indie party game called Mount your friends. I'm not actually suggesting that you mount your friends IRL.
Music at 1:11 reminds me of "Eagle Lands" from Kickboxer.
Japan is weird: the feature!
First
I think Markiplier would like a word with you about Number 5
Did you forget about Mister Mosquito? Because that was bonkers.
I have to redownload osu
First
First
I bet hatoful boyfriend will be on this list.
Hmm. Not Pokémon? It’s a whimsical game about collecting all the cute monsters. And letting a ten year old child go out alone. Take on the mafia. And do animal fights for cash....
Loco Roco
Although the gameplay seems fairly normal, I feel like "Metal Wolf Chaos" should be on the commenter edition of this list.  You play as the President of the United States who has to liberate the country from the tyranny of the mutinous evil vice president using a giant mecha.  The voice acting is bombastic and full of scenery chewing goodness.  It's the most 'Murica game to ever 'Murica, and it was only released in Japan.
Angry Birds. Yes mobile game but still a game and it is stupid.
Please stop trying to fit pigeon based games into every list
Im....
Super Mario.
What about little big planet your literally a sack person that’s solves puzzles because people’s minds thought of them
When is peppy gonna add back the dancing men in the background for osu! ? Lazer mod maybe?
Thought you were hot? Guess what? You're not! I am breaaaad, breaaaad, breaaaad!
Yo I'm just going to throw out there that Octodad's concept is actually incredibly clever. Octopi don't have neurological autonomy over their limbs, they only know when they are stretched out or holding something. It's difficult for them to learn how their movements affect objects and their space unless they directly observe the limbs moving. You, as the player, controlling Octodad's limbs, desperately throwing yourself around attempting to grab onto SOMETHING is pretty much everyday life for an octopus
I wish I could think of a good comment to leave, but I can't so I'll take a page from the book of the Osu! series mentioned here and cheer until this problem is resolved.
Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu!  
Okay I realised I have a new problem... I don't know how to sing or cheer in Japanese.
Time to start over.
Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! Osu! ...
Now we should all go watch Jacksepticeye play all three incarnations of the Japan World Cup, because CLEARLY "that is a badger dressed up as an elephant dressed up as a horse." Are the officials really okay with this?
I definitely think that Danganronpa is missing from this list. It will be a long time until I take orders from demonic teddy bears... again.
I mean, Pokemon  seems normal now, but it's still a game about putting animals, some of which breath fire, or lasers or control the weather, into pocket sized balls and unsing them to fight other animals
You wake up as a ghost in a dump, near a body you assume is yours, because you have no memory of who you are, or were. A lamp then explains what's what to you, and that you have until morning to solve the mystery of your death, or you'll move on.
The kicker? You can only move by going from object to object, and through telephone lines, via a call.
Say hello to Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective, an underrated Capcom Nintendo DS game that is completely bonkers, with higher-than-life characters, and a surprisingly deep plot (and the ending is so well brought that you'll fall out of your seat in surprise. No, really.)
No mention of Goat Simulator, perhaps the craziest game of all time in which you play as a Goat and run around destroying things for no apparent reason
I'm sure it's possible to make Tokyo Jungle sound like a straightforward survival game...right up until you mention that you're controlling rabbits, chickens, pigs, goats and dairy cows on a fight for survival on the streets of a deserted Tokyo, that's where the confused looks usually begin
Pause at 2:57. Tell me what you first see to the left.
I have just one word for weird games: Japan.
9 th
Why am I not surprised that the majority of games on this list are either made in Japan or inspired by Japanese games?
Sorry. Oenden
Disappointed no Incredible Crisis on here, nothing like an insane game that leads from a rhythmic dance in your office, to giant teddy bears destroying a city
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐗⭕️❌
2015's Japan's Sumo Cup, a special game made to bring interest to the Japan Cup, the biggest horse race of the year which featured Sumo wrestlers and Street Fighter characters in a racing rhythm game in which staying on rhythm gave you and your horse power ups in the race such as shooting lightening at the other racers, growing larger and turning into a super speed ball of fury.  Sadly this browser based game was taken down a year after release but it looks so damn rad.
You didn't include viva pinata??? Oxbox is CANCELLED!
Ok, guys... I've been following you for quite some time now and this is the first time I seriously need to ask... What in the name of the holy crap? How do you find this stuff?
How about Totally Accurate Battle Simulator?
I know it’s not bizarre in the usual sense, but what about Journey? Your character wakes up/ seemingly falls from the sky, and all you can work out is that you have to make your way to a mountain.
Woah woah woah woah!! Hold on a minute. What in tarnation is that @5:21!?! A PS4 controlled game on Outside Xbox?!?
.
.
.
.
.
Traitor!😮
2nd I don't think I wanted to know any of these games
There's poop in my soup. Once that music kicks in... you feel like a legend!
OctoDad or as we know it, breakdancing and whacking your kids over the head with chocolate milk bottles.
The only thing weirder and more intense than a Randy Savage promo, is an Ultimate Warrior promo. Those were seriously out there.
I can hear Ellen screaming with rage in the distance.
Can't deny that Ellen's dictatorship would have yielded more stars.
"It's not [complicated], we just suck!" Jane's MMO background is showing...
Andy (trying to end the stream): "Well we got close but..."
Jane: "NOOOO!!  I WANT A STAR!!"
We need a Ellen & Jane overcooked. See who is the uber manager lol. Poor Andy and Luke.
Even though Ellen wasn't there, her rage at the kitchen management is still palpable.
Jane spinning on the spot, using the Luke method of playing I see
My daughter and I specifically bought this game because of your Let's Play videos. We absolutely have not been disappointed. My friends and I sometimes play it when she isn't even here!
I've been working in kitchens for ten years and the 'panic and spin in circles' technique is something I use every day
I can't believe you two are unsupervised by kitchen manager Ellen. She will be furious to know that you're in the kitchen without her consent XD
Jane's new catchphrase: "GIVE ME EGG"
YASSS! I needed more Chef Jane in my life!!! And by "Chef Jane" I mean kitchen fires and lawsuits galore. <3
The onion king: "I've got a plan trust me"
I don't think we're ever going to see Ellen in one of these gameplay videos of Overcooked ever again; she'll only be invited to play if they livestream it. Why, you ask? Because Ellen knows that no matter how adorable she is, even she can't get away with murder on a livestream.
We need a “Send it Chef!!” T-shirt....
Only 2 players? Chaos is a ladder my dudes. Gotta toss in some Chef Ellen "vibrating with rage" Rose and Sous Chef Luke "send it chef" Westaway.
Nice of you to give us "s'more" Overcooked gameplay
Phew, for a moment you had me worried,  I thought I was going to have to initiate "ELLEN MELTDOWN PREVENTION MEASURES!" 

Me: Sadly puts away pictures of cute animals.
Send it chef! 👩‍🍳 Send it chef! 👨‍🍳
I feel like if Ellen was there she would have turned into Gordon Ramsey 😅
This game seems too stressful for me... I think I'll just stick to juggling chainsaws on a tight rope with no net... WAY less stressful...
It seems Ellen gets her commandeering...temperament from Jane.
First thing I hear: GIVE ME YOUR DAMN DOUGH
I haven't even watched the video yet but I'm already at MAXIMUM STRESS LEVELS. I assume at least one of them won't make it to the end alive.
"I'll fight you." "Give me your damn dough." "Give me the dough damnit, i will fight you."
Overcooked: The only way to make camp cooking MORE stressful.
"send it chef" is the official oxtra line
There are A LOT of words with awkward alternate meanings in this video.
Every second of this would make the snippets of freakouts they put in the intros to cooking shows
One S'more into the breach, my friends... one S'more...
Andy saying "blaze it" so close to 420.
Jane: Just do it perfectly 

This is essentially what my OCD brain tells me whenever it decides I don’t have enough anxiety in my day
I picture a crossover with Overcooked and Friday the 13th where Jason is cooking campers.....
11:30 "we've unlocked a new chef. Is that a gopher?" 

Pretty sure it's the opposite of a gopher.  Looks more like a Mountain Lion to me.  I mean the only thing they have in common is lush fur.
Soooo, when is the Hells Kitchen Oxboxtra collab?
"We got wood!"

Never been so immature about an Oxbox video in my life.
O great, now Jane is mad with chief power. No one is safe, from her dough rage!
A SMOREgasbord of fun!
Here comes s'more frustration and hilarity.
Just in case you're going to play this again. The black square is the bin, you can empty the contents of any pot, bowl or pan into it.
Also, if you don't serve the things in the order they come in you lose the tip combo. 
You guys improved a lot over the course of this video! If you just sleep over it I believe it won't be as overwhelming.
Every time someone said “ruthless efficiency” my brain auto completed with “and an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope” XP
Cooking time with Jane the Squirrel and Andy the Eagle.
Just arrived past security in the airport, five hours to kill, and an oxbox video is out. life is good.
Omg, I’m getting war flashbacks to me and my friends yelling at one another doing Overcooked 2
Ahh, Ellen's invitation must have gotten lost in the mail.
Is Dwayne Johnson here? because I thought I smelt his cooking
You did this without kitchen manager Ellen?
JANE! You're on Team Squirrel!? <^_^> high five
Truly, this was the Dark Souls of cooking.
Although . . . maybe don't eat Dark Souls cooking as a matter of course.
Making a “S’moregasbord” is a deceptively simple summer BBQ dessert plan. I had a big cookout last 4th of July and set out campfire forks and marshmallows with different kinds of flavored chocolate bars, graham crackers, peanut butter, nutella, oreos, some jams and cut fruit. People toasted their own marshmallows over the fading charcoal and assembled their own s’mores. It was a huge success. I didn’t have to do anything, I kept the leftover ingredients for myself, and most importantly, if someone offered to bring a dessert I could say, “That’s handled. Just bring beer.”
So that is what a s'more is!!

Also, does Andy the Eagle also compete in Olympic Ski Jumping??
"This is so complicated" - "it's not, we're just bad" I love this channel so much
Jane starting again was giving me flashbacks to when the two of them kept yelling 'Source Code!' while attempting a Hitman (no subtitle) Elusive Target.
Love how the last 5 minutes just turned into Jane shouting "Restart Andy!"
That final star though. Everyone here is claiming Ellen is bossy when playing overcooked.. but Jane.. she'll just throw your dish in the trash and tell you to start over.
I hate when I'm making s'mores and accidentally pelt my chocolate deep into the woods
Jane is channeling Ellen's cooking rage, and Andy tries to not be a dob (or Luke). Great team work, but maybe it's better to not show this to Ellen :P
Those character choices are very fitting, Andy the majestic and composed eagle filled with pride, and Jane; the skittish, excitable squirrel that can lose control sometimes.
You know it is a good game when you get exhausted just watching it... The STRESS...great fun!
I love how quickly Jane goes from lets just have fun to Headchef
please put "keep calm and send me blueberries" on a t-shirt!
Jane: I'm an idiot
Andy: silence


If we don't see him in further videos, we'll know why.
Part 2 please! You've still got more campfire levels to do and the dogs level.
No time left to make anything? SPIN ON THE SPOT!
Take a shot every time someone on this channel says "chaos is a ladder"
Pistachios! My friend gave me the idea to put (shelled) pistachios INSIDE the marshmallow before toasting and it is delicious.
Me: In Samuel L Jackson voice " Say Great one more time! I dare you, I double date you!"

Jane: Great, great,great, great!

Me: 🤮
This must be how they get Andy to do anything at OX towers


Jane: Andy, there's a camp that looks like your Red Dead 2 camp in this game


Andy: Sprints to console
Jane: We'll be here all night if we have to.
Andy: I live here now.
Jane: And it's your birthday.
Jane- Its like trying to clean brass on the Titanic

Andy- Please don’t compare our cooking to the Titanic
I love that Jane become Mr T for a second: "your doing pancakes you fool!!!"
Jane: "YES! grunts PIZZA"......same Jane, same
Andy: But it’s so complicated...

Jane: It’s not!!! We just suck!

This is my mantra every time I encounter difficulties in games (also life).
Jane-I want a star. Me-gets Mario Party flashbacks.
Jane: "I'm chopping the wood on the same food board as the food. That seems sanitary... ...Who eats their smores off a plate...?"

~Health Inspector raises their eyebrow and signs the certificate to close the restaurant down.~
I bought overcooked because of OX! My girlfriend and I love it until it devolves into panicked shouting 😂
I love that Jane is so concerned with chopping the food and wood on different surfaces, despite the fact that the marshmallows are on the ground.
If this was recorded on Andy's birthday (42:04), that means this video is from one week in the future.
*X- files theme tune starts playing*
Andy: "Social humiliation."
Don't you understand we have a comments section?
The internet is watching.
Twilight Zone music
"It's so complicated" "No, we just suck". Brutal honesty from Jane
Andy: "Smores are really easy to mess up, though. The marshmallow can catch fire"
Me: yep, gotta be careful
Andy: "It can fall off the stick"
Me: ooh I hate that
Jane: "I can throw the chocolate into the woods"
Me: yea- ...wait, what?
I get the feeling "Cooking with Andy and Jane" is only slightly less bloody than "Cooking with Corazon and Prudence."
Jane & Ellen,  the only Head Chef manager's who'd reduce Gordon Ramsey to a gibbering, crying mess!!😅
I have some smore pop-tarts right now, and they're the perfect food for this video.
Did Ellen yell at everyone so much Andy and Jane won’t play with her anymore?
One S'more 'Round the Sun?


(Excellent Mastodon reference for you, there)
Now add Mike in the mix and it will be even more chaos. x'D lol
Wow I feel spoilt. this is great
Loved this. Play more Overcooked on your live streams
Perfect video to have on while preparing a lamb roast, potatoes au gratin, and brownie pudding. :-D
They keep saying "got wood", I can hear Johnny and Aiofe giggling
Jane could have increased efficiency by throwing the wood and marshmallows on the fireplace.
Every time any of the Oxboxtra crew plays this game I wonder if we should be performing more wellness checks on them...
Me before the first game: "How the hell do these two think they can play a game of Overcooked with only two players??"

Me after a few games: "Hell, they're better off without Luke and Ellen! lol"
Does the Onion King have a plan??
This is the first dlc I had to tap out of playing with my friend. We just couldn't click on the breakfast backpack level.  Maybe next time...

I would love to play this with Ellen sometime!
Andy: What do eggs do?

Me: Well they provide the protein that allows the batter to have enough strength to support the pockets of air that makes a fluffy American style pancake.
Andy 'Olive Fiend' Farrant strikes again
Only Andy and Jane? Was Ellen locked up in a cupboard?
I need a outsidexbox t-shirt that says "cheese it"
This is a great couch co-op game.
Does Smores need any additional filling? I figured they were perfect with just chocolate and marshmallow!
Excellent Futurama reference. We must keep the knowledge of the Neutral Planet alive!
at 15:58, I'm glad people still remember the old Futurama references
🎶 Send it on a plate
On a plate
Send it on a plate
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, now 🎶
Andy: "its complicated"
Jane: "it's not we just suck". 
I had no idea Jane moonlighted as a motivational speaker. I thought she was just sciencey
Jane: when I give you permission to die...
Think Ellen sensed a great disturbance in the Overcooked and used the force  to take control of Jane
I laughed so much, watching you play overcooked is the best therapy.
Feeling overcooked? I think your noodles are fried! ;)
I never realized you could make pizza crust just by chopping dough with a hatchet. 😂
Spin on the spot!!!!!
Great team work 🤣🤣🤣
Jane and Andy seem to represent the happy medium between Ellen's ruthless dictatorship and Luke's happy-go-lucky nonsense. 
To be fair they made a pretty good effort, any better would require unfun amounts of efficiency (DLC levels can be bonkers hard).
I vastly prefer the way you both say "chocolate" to actually having chocolate
Chef Ellen has trained Chef Jane well.
Other smors filling: Reese's.
Live Stream with teams !!!!!
Watching this I ate my dinner faster. Like eat eat eat. Timer! Stress! Faster!
My word.  I need to see a live stream of Overcooked.  Please.  I promise to donate at least $5
Jane and Ellen co-op and verses in Overcooked 2 would be glorious!
Time for friendships to end!
Andy:  "You can make pizzas on a campfire."
I would pay good money to watch you try this IRL.  The OxBoxtra camping expedition is something I've wanted to see for a while.  Cooking, scary stories, getting lost, severe exposure injuries, etc.  Just bring several fire extinguishers and a sat phone.  I don't want anyone to die, I just think it would be funny for you to be traumatized a bit.
You two really were a well-oiled machine for a few of those levels ^.^ Just... be careful around open flames, oil is an accelerant
So one time when we were making s'mores, my marshmallow caught on fire and I went to blow it out but instead it flew off my stick an then hit my face and that friends, his how I once caught my face on fire.
Lol. You can just feel Andy melting under the pressure brought on by Chef Jane!
Jane: We got wood!
Me: sniggering like a 12 year old.
Congratulations Andy!! 
Cant believe nobody else posted this already....



Bastards
Let's have it, Team Ellen vs Team Jane.
A game I will never play, since it looks too stressful... but hilarious to watch.
But, everyone I've seen play it rarely takes the plate/bowl to the pot/pan and wastes time swapping between them... is this something not many know/think about or is it just getting caught up in the chaos?
Even just watching someone play Overcooked gives me so much anxiety.
Jane just throwing wood on the fire in last remaining seconds was pretty funny
What a contrast from Ellen and Luke! 😏
Was Ellen banned from playibg this game?
When Andy declares "one more" and you see there's still 14 more minutes in the video.
Out of my friend group I'm the Ellen. Takes charge but with little effect.
I do love some barbequed chaos but sonic sure wasn't happy when he found out.
Chef Jane says she's gone mad with power, but I think she could always have s'more power.
lol are they not reading the recipes?
This is too stressful even to watch!
Your mistake is in completing too many orders per level - after all, less is S'more...
Throw all the marshmallows on the soggy forest floor. Secret sauce!
Only Jane and Andy could turn a fun little campfire s’mores adventure into a brutal competition for survival.
Send it Chef!
There’s nothing wrong with a marshmallow on fire, I love over cooked s’mores
Everything bad in one day. V.S 1 oxbox notification 
Score bad day 0 oxbox 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Can we have that with Ellen's commentary?
lolz this makes me want to have s’mores now 😂👌😩
I'm still waiting for that "Send it Chef" oxboxtra teeshirt...
I’m glad Jane is concerned about the sanitation of her food when she throws the marshmallows onto the ground
This squirrel is so fancy it has a beaver tail.
Jane's complete power hungry break down at the end was startlingly efficient, if you think about the end result versus how they started with run of the mill Chef Jane "Kitchen fires is my middle name" Douglas
British here: is it really said "gram" crackers? and not "grayam"? and huh, so THATS what smores are XD
Overcooked always makes cooking look so easy. I wish I could make chocolate pancakes by chopping chocolate and mixing it with eggs and flour.
45 minutes of playing and neither of them clues in to the fact that the timer doesn't start until you send an order. The key to 3 stars (especially with so few players) is taking advantage of that prep time! Load every available counter with prepped ingredients or, even better, the base templates for orders (dough, tomato, cheese, for example), then it's just a matter of cooking and adding olives where you need to for the first minute or so until your supplies are gone. taps nose
Chaos is an oven
Just watching those two going at it, I'm feeling an urge to scream and rage-quit... And I'm not even playing the game. How do you do it Ellen?
"It's not! We just suck!" Jane calling it how it is.
I was literally just hoping for more overcooked from you guys! I love this game so much and seeing you guys play it just makes me love it more!  Great video! 💛
So early wth
The timer did not start until you placed the first order.
Panic spinning in place
Happy Birthday Andy
I'm taking a huge risk of eating while watching this. Let's hope I don't choke.
Had me at rdr2
25:11 No Andy, you can't miss one! If you don't to them in order you lose all your multipliers!
It is so fun watching them play.
That eagle looks SO angry that when Andy made it clap it was the most sarcastic clap ever
360p... umm okay
More Andy singing Western-style narration songs please!!
Lucky we didn't panic.... 😑
Oooh! This looks like my kind of game!
yay :D
When my friends and I play Overcooked we generally play with 2.5 players. Two people actually play and one person shouts orders. Watching this  puts that shouting in my head. I can't say too much though because I spent enough time running in circles screaming madly.
I've only ever had S'Mores once when I was in the States and I hated it. But then, I also don't really like chocolate either. But the ones you made in the game really do look good, lol
I see that they didn’t invite Ellen. Wise choice
After watching that, I feel like inviting Andy and Jane out of a pancake breakfast.
"A s'more without marshmallows is just a chocolate sandwich." -- "Just A Chocolate Sandwich". Those words should never exist in that sequence.
Is no one gonna kill andy for saying his character is an owl when its clearly an eagle
You missed the chance to name it more s’mores
Plate. Wash more plates.
Lol, both hilarious and stressful. I own this game, but haven't played it much since it's more fun with others. I hope you guys did something really relaxing afterwards, lol
Be careful calling the American national bird a ”stupid bird” Andy your country owned a quarter the world and is now the size of Alabama. Love you guys
It would be awesome to see Jane and Ellen cooking side by side. Not to mention someone having to stand off to the side in case of an Ellen rage storm.
Andy trying  to talk while Jane is to busy focusing and making polite "yeahs" will always be funny.
How much rope did you have to tie Ellen up with?
What do u get if u have marshmellows & chocolate but no crackers? Crack-a-lacking. Hahahaha.......ok bye
Sheer chaos
Yowza, Sciurine Jane and Aqualine Andy! (yes, I had to look up sciurine.) Also, does "Send it, Chef!" have anything to do with Larry Enticer?  He's always sending it, and Overcooked looks pretty dangerous.
Andy's random story about the marshmallow kid tho
Does chocolate needs chopped?
33:22 Shouldn't you be playing as unicorns when making pancakes?
Jane, nothing in campground cooking is sanitary. The sooner you accept that fact, the sooner you'll be able to camp without worry. (Just pack extra antibiotics.)
Please play this with Ellen and Luke, would love to see them with the whole backpack thing
First
Hi
Hi
Hi
Getting meals out in order is the most important thing if you want to reach three stars. That multiplier is crucial as you're getting 4 times the points per meal. Overcooked meals don't go cold so if you make them in the wrong order just let it sit until its turn comes around.
Love howJane worries about cutting wood on the same chopping block as the food, while Andy just throws marshmallows on the ground.
What madman pulls a pizza out of the oven and then searches for a plate to put it on while still holding it in their hands?!
‘We’ve got wood’....chortle 🧐
Nice video
Proposition: All of outsidexbox and Luke are the chefs. Ellen presides over all as the Gordon Ramsey-like mentor. This show's name? hELLEN's Kitchen.
I cannot believe, this is outrageous. How could you, Andy? You were an eagle and not once, not even once, you spoke like Senu. But I guess that's on me, I expected too much. I'm not angry, I'm just disappointed.
I'd be terribly disappointed to learn that you two didn't go out for pancakes and smores when this was over.
Ha!
This would of been better in the hands of Luke and Ellen, no offense Andy and Jane, but no doubt the wrong pairing was chosen.
What even are smores? Not something I have ever come across in England.
My favorite levels/kitchens are those where the time doesn't start until you serve the first dish. I literally fill the kitchen up with as much cooked food as I can, even starting to cook some more meals before I serve the first 1. The pizza levels have always been my favorite because I can literally fill every empty space available with a pizza.
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐗⭕️❌
Jane, you need to play games with Mike more often.  You're starting to Andy up your play a bit.  Things go slightly off and RESTART!  Well, you can pull it back RESTART!  With a little work RESTART!  It builds character when things go full Mike.
Holy crap i'm early lol ummm hello everyone : D
Mike: pop your fish out
Andy: I beg your pardon
😂😂😂😂😂😂 I’m actually crying
Andy kept trying to rush through and Mike was telling him to slow down and wait! Are the Oxbox crew being held hostage and this is their way to let us know?
I love when Jane is on the controls when they're all together. Mike and Andy are the angel and devil on her shoulders
Mike the only person disappointed to get a higher score
The Mike > Jane > Andy escalation order feels very natural. I can only imagine Andy standing in the back of the room for the first half of the video jumping up and down, stretching, and psyching himself up like a wrestler ready to enter the ring.
I like the technique of Bait and fish.
Less than 5 minutes in and Andy has already had a Hirani evacuation because Mike is in combat.
Its not a escalation its an ELEVATION!
At this point Andy gets so upset about how Mike plays Hitman that he just sits and cries between recordings. We feel your pain, Andy.
31:20 Jane: That's a net profit.

All of 47's mission are net profit due to my picking up everything that isn't nailed down.
39:50 Andy: "Mike, seriously, chill out." Words I never thought I would hear from the safety beanie man himself.
Every Oxbox notification brightens my day!
I haven't seen Andy this frustrated over Hitman since...anything involving Mike and Hitman.
I like how when everything goes wrong, the entire OX team switches to speaking in a frequency only dogs can hear.
This is making me feel much better about my hitman habit of picking up every object I come across. I might need them! For murder!
I haven't seen Andy this enraged playing Hitman 2 since...oh yeah, Ghost Mode
They should do an episode of this where is just andy and mike but they have to do what the other usually does. I think it would be funny watch mike try to actually do things the non explosive way
Who else is anticipating Isle of Sgàil - 3 Ways to Play every day and having their hopes crushed every time?
46:17 Someone is saying "It was an accident, he died" in the background just as Andy "accidentally" knocks a guard into the elevator shaft
The ICA must be very confused about 47's penchant for using screwdrivers and fish to complete his missions...
"Murdering the innocent was fine." - Mike Channell
Wow, I just noticed my face getting tired because I've been smiling ever since I clicked on this video. Around 50 more minutes of non-stop smiling to go, then, I guess. 😉💕
It would be an awesome twist for everything to be in 47s head. The conspiracy, the dark connections, the agency he works for, the nuns with the machine guns, the three bickering Brits he is constantly hearing. All going on in his meticulously polished head.
42 and a half minutes in before anyone remembers they can shoot out security cameras.

This is the quality gameplay we subscribed for!
24:47 Guard "Just try it... No one beats my Minesweeper high score!"
And you know it’ll be difficult if half the video is Andy’s.
At this point, I'm reasonably sure that the Hitman devs, with Mike's help, are trying to give Andy a stomach ulcer.
Well add elevator shafts to the list of places I need to avoid OX in.
Please. Agent 47 doesn't feel friction. Friction feels Agent 47.
Mike within 3 minutes of video: In combat
Mike at the end of video: Guys. I made this look too easy.
Short term memory loss is awesome.
"You need to thin the herd."  Jane prepares for a career in politics.
Mike and Jane:"Be careful don't open the door."
Andy:*Opens door*
You had one job Andy 
ONE JOB
I love how Andy's play style turns Mike into a gibbering wreck, and Mike's play style does the same to Andy!
Jane suddenly makes me feel sad for the oddly large amount of screw drivers I own which are just laying there not being used to kill anyone.
Umm... 53min?... Thank you!
A bit of advice regarding taps: if you wait for them to turn off the tap, they'll then crouch down to clean up the water.  At that point they aren't looking at the mirror so you can approach more easily, and there's no lure for anyone else, so you've got time to tuck them in at your leisure.

That cabinet in Rangan's bathroom is pure BS, though - if you move far enough from the door to not accidentally open it, you're very close to being visible through the side window.
ICA Superior Performance coins have no monetary value, but that taxi driver can now have two people killed.
mike in combat in first 30 secs
Andy: Well I guess I'll just hirani evacuate down here
I almost got Silent Assassin on the 3rd level, but somebody died while I was sliding down to escape.  No idea how, but it hurts
now I cant help but wonder how many people can 47 fit at the bottom of the elevator shaft
47: "I've hidden the body and disguised myself in his clothes. Nobody will be able to tell I've done anything."
Guard: "Hey, who left this suit on the floor?"
Of course Andy did the last escalation. Can you imagine Mike killing 3 people without being suspicious? 😂 Although, the exploding duck did achieve that.
Turns out, chaos is not a ladder. It's an elevator.
Hey, guys. There was a nude man on the work site. I knocked him out for you. Who's got two thumbs and is going to be security guard of the month? This guy!
(I was also sort of hoping Jane would "accidentally" toss both people down that shaft on her go...)
I too have an emotional support screwdriver, I find him very comforting
It warms my heart that you guys made an Earthbound reference during a Hitman video. 
I often forget that Mike has a love for RPGs behind his Racecar exterior.
Mike doing an excellent impression of a MGS genome soldier "WHAT WAS THAT NOISE!"
Andy got very E-fish-ent in this episode...
Ahh I remember this escalation, lots of fun. Trust Mike to immediately go the opposite direction to sneaking in but then it wouldn't be a Mike playthrough :)
But yeah sneaking in the right way over the top, climb up and down the shaft and that's all you really need.
love all three of you playing Hitman! always a laugh 😊❤️❤️
Ah, the fish gambit....that classic mission where a mad vegan is determined to poison all incoming seafood in order to promote his own healthy-eating alternative.
Mike didn't wear the clown outfit, is he feeling ok? 😂😂
47 likes to keep his fish next to where his heart used to be.
Mikes whirlwind of chaos is a joy to behold and a gift that keeps giving !
"47, that's not what I meant when I said you should go fishing to relax."
This seems to be the time of Unnecessarily Stressful Hitman Escalations. Also Escalations That You Think Would Be Perfect For Andy But The Game Keeps Screwing Him Over. Those prompts don't change as fast as one might hope, do they? You really lucked out with opening that door TWICE and not getting made. Though given how many times you failed the mission. . .honestly, despite getting in combat like two seconds into his level, Mike clearly had the easiest time of it! I dread to think how many people he would have just murdered to clear the area if he'd been doing the final level. XD

Also, I kind of love how you've basically taken on the fish as a mascot. :p All Hail The Hitman Fish!
Andy's 47 voice sound more like Morgan Freeman.
You get two stars, and YOU get two stars, EVERYONE GET TWO STARS! By the way, is that a fish in your pocket or are you just happy about the escalation?
I died the moment Andy started cussing out the game. 😂💀
How many innocent lives have been sacrificed to the rhe Hitman gods simply because someone, "thought it'd be funny"? How many?!
I confess that I find it odd how little you guys tend to use instinct / Hitman vision. I probably hold it close to half the time that I'm playing, because the extra information can be critical for knowing where the noticers are or avoiding missing items to interact with.
Should this be considered a fishing scam, intended to Screwy you over? ;P Or just a preview for the new movie, The Fishening.
Perhaps the reason dropping someone down the lift shaft without getting a non-target kill worked for Mike, and not for Jane, is because the game can no longer keep up with how many people Mike ends up killing.
If only we had the flamingo costume, then 47could fly!
We need to have sweary Oxboxtra on Eurogamer. That one Darksouls vid with Jane and Mike is not quite sufficiently sweary
Mike: 0 to in combat in under 1:00 of play time. 
Jane: Clocks a guy with a fish as the director tells someone "think shark"
Andy: $%^&*I(Oing Hitman!,  sounds like some of my play throughs, where guards magically see things they can't possibly see.
Failed this week's elusive target for that exact reason.
Can we get merch with Mike's famous Hitman quote? "Well, I'm in combat..."
A Hitman video by OXbox is always a highlight of the day.
They are work friends not real friends. I think I just heard Luke and Ellen collectively cry.
The Face Killer- shows his face on security cameras, leaves his fingerprints all the crime scene, and when leaving the scene of the crime pays a cabbie with branded coins that identify himself as an assassin. A perfect crime
Maybe the ICA pays 47 in Outstanding Performance Coins
concussed and permanently brain damaged ≠ dead.
loophole ?
1st Screwy the Screwdriver, now Leddy the Lead Pipe. What's next Pippy the PIpe Wrench or Axel the Fire Axe?
Love ur content guys keep it up!
I would love to go to a pub with Mike
Andy: talking to a therapist about Mike's Hitman gameplay
Agent 47 dressed as a therapist: nods and writes "Mike" carefully on the list hidden on his clipboard.
Steel brackets don't shatter 47's knuckles, 47's knuckles shatter steel brackets.
Yay. I was playing this one today wondering how Mike would cope
"Murdering the innocent was fine" Mike, I'm afraid to tell you that you're now on at least a dozen more lists than you were already on (which is, in and of itself, an impressive number).
All of you are monsters for reminding me of Lenny. I cried for 2 hours
Leeennnnnyyyyyyy!
there is apparently an outside xbox easter egg in the Miami level in the doctor's area on the marker board is written a.farrant and m.channell
As always that was some good killing fun!
wanging a tuna at a target seems fishy... or i assume it's a tuna.. don't want to be a cod :D i'll see myself out
It is uplifting to see you rise to the top and went down on the targets with efficiency, even after it somewhat escalated out of control.
Guys if you let the guard shut off the distractions before you knock them out then no one else will come when you do.
Brilliant Hitmaning. I couldn't do that third level. Excellent stuff.
I love you guys, and your Hitman videos are my favourite thing to wake up to, but I'm gonna take a second to complain about the cold opens in these sorts of videos.  You start with the best moments of the video, but without context they aren't that good, and once I get to the context they don't have the impact they should because they've been spoiled, like when they did the Hulk reveal from Thor Ragnorok in the trailer.

That's literally the only thing I've ever felt the need to complain about though.  Keep up the awesome work!
God damn, that escalation was brutal. Reminds me of the Cheveyo Calibration in terms of stess levels. I felt so tense on you lot's behalf in that final run, and let out the biggest sigh of relief when you made it. Kudos to Andy for remaining coherent by the end, honestly, I think I would've been a gibbering wreck o.o
Take a left, take a right, take a tuk-tuk... thanks, Jane, that's gonna be my new tattoo!!
Diana: Oh 47... Are you happy to hear me or did you go into the mission with the fish weapon?
 n///n
There was a box right across from the generator... 

for all your guard disposal needs.
35:53
I like he says after this that there is no sense of urgency so calmly after this
Nice job editor
two bros chillin in an elevator shaft five feet apart cause they’re not gay
I was about to sleep!
1:36 I don't know WHO is imitating David Bateson starting there but GOODNESS are they good at it
well...the elevator shaft was right across the artist's room but then again the added suspense was nice :)
😂😂😂 jane is like a startled magician, whipping fish past ppls heads!
Andy saying "and now its a simple case of..." is one of my favourite parts of this channel
Who in England says elevator? It’s lift
Considering how many times Jane accidentally changed disguises, you should do a video on times where you do stuff like "accidentally kill someone when you want to ride a horse" or "accidentally rob someone you wanted to say hi to" .....basically it could all be red dead i guess
"Murdering the innocent was fine!"  -- Mike Channell, 2019
What a ride, I've never been so tense during one of your Hitman videos! Good job, guys!
Wow an hour edited, how long did this take unedited?
"And now, the fishening."

I am equal parts uneasy and amused by these words.
I am stunned to see Andy fumbling around and all, with this escalation. You were the chosen one Andy! You were the chosen one!!

Also: God, I feel your frustration about Mike's way of playing this game, Andy. xD lol
I love the hitman videos. It's what brought me to the channel
Hirani is Hindi for surprising...so its a Surprising Evacuation...because he's tossing people down the elevator...and this was a lot more funny in my head....I should probably stop writing and definitely not post it..
Andy seems a bit rusty. Just make more Hitman videos :P
At the danger of someone else having mentioned it already...

Well, that escalated quickly.
6:50 that was most probably the best pronounciation of an indian name by a British.
11:44 to 11:49

Me when I see a spider on the wall and then it scuttles away
Notification flamingo.

Wooot!
Always love getting a notification from you guys!!!
"Coins, coins, coins, fish, coins." Only in Hitman! 😆
You guys should play warframe ive been addicted and wanted to see your reactions
Mike is actually an excellent Diana.
Two coins for a cab? Mike you shouldn’t complain, it cost me $20 to Uber to a friends house last week. Two coins is a steal.
Diana I've decided to become a serial killer
you should try my contract called: Flamingos can fly too ( hit-man 2 )
Janes utility belt. It’s like Batman’s but for Murder lol 😋
Love your video's keep up the good work hello jane love you one off my faves
ness from earthbound! aw, mems.
Love these videos but every time I see them I’m still pitching for Ellen vs Andy on Ghost Mode...please
Wait, holy shit! Are yall British?? How the hell did I not even notice until now???
I'd say everyone was very ef-FISH-cient this episode
Ah, the elevator escalation. An Elevascalationor you could say, not while drunk obviously
Who needs a Blanky when you have a Screwy.
38:40 The most sonorous coin you ever did hear.😉
Leeennnnneeehhh!!!
Agent 47 AKA the Fish Smell Killer
The whole 'no emotions' thing seems to keep his adrenaline down for good and bad
ey moar hitman
I love watching the each gamers play style. Another great video! Thanks guys!
45:49 Guard: Was that a fish?


Andy: It was a hammerhead -(throws hammer at head)
i love mikes playthroughs
All this fish throwing is going to give 47 carp-al tunnel
I love Hitman, but I have to agree that the button prompts are the worst sometimes.
37:16 is why Jane has her evil overlord reputation.
I can confirm that headwounds bleed like a *** even when not too serious. That said with a hammerthrow to the head, it's the skull fracture I'd be worried about, personally :P
The faced killer more like the identity killer
Something tells me, 'Leadyyy', is going to be a recurring character.😁
Efficient Hitmaniiiiiing!
It was 47 in the elevator shaft with a lead pipe
Bathroom scene got you so pumped nobody noticed hitman was in the simple blue security attire
9:31 i learned that Mikes cares about friendship, and Andy 'sort of kind of cares' while Jane maintains a constant Jane, good job!
Oh my, Hitman properly broke Andy for a second there, those beeps lasted for quite a while. I can't imagine what he said was pleasant.
Of course that guard was alerted! Wouldn't you be if you had heard 3 screams followed by Splat! Splat! Splat!?
Oh my god I didn't realize how far the thing with the hammer had gone. The girl who threw the hammer is actually a friend of my aunt's and an old roommate of mine lol
46 seconds in and Andys salt emerges
2:11 from entrance to Mike being in combat. Is that a record?
Hey Oxbox crew, I'm interested to know with these Hitman playthroughs if, after the fact, you ever watch other videos/strategies and try those afterwards? I realize this question might be mostly for Andy.
This is the game that just keeps on giving.
I'm thinking it might have been a glitch when Mike got away without a non target kill... lucky b******...
I was surprised it took me fewer tries than Andy, and given that my playstyle is generally more Mike that I got a better score.
(2:20) I feel like you guys play way too much of this game to constantly be forgetting about your hitman vision
Oxbox is the best
WHERE ARE YA, LEADEH
11:05 yup, Mike just got lucky, this is what should actually happen...
This fits Mike to an absolute tee, loves throwing people off building and accidental deaths from falling.
This is the one escalation I haven’t beat
38th comment yay
So much time in these playthoughs is whoever's playing saying 'It's fine' to the other two who don't find the player's actions to be even remotely fine.
48:30 yes it was
Poor Mike, the only one morally ambiguous enough to be fine with murder of non-targets via elevator shafts.
Left no trace apart from a recent photograph, a CV, his mobile number and three utility bills.
Believe it or not Andy sort of is right about the claw hammer 47 uses being non-lethal. A steel claw hammer smashed into the back of you head once will fracture your skull and cause blood loss but probally won't kill you. If it were the face however then Jane would most likely be right as a hard enough blow to the face can actually drive your nose's cartilage into your brain. (It's quite possible I watched way to much CSI to know this).
Why use elevator in your escalation when you can use escalator?? That would make a lot more sens :P
What I love about these is the Oxbox crew doing things the hardest way possible. Keycard from the security guard smoking outside? Bodyguard outfit from the Painter's room? Going up the back stairwell with just two bodyguards? Nah, let's do everything through the front door.
After seeing so many playthroughs from the crew, I finally understood how things works with the people in ox, Hitman is like a high class restaurant, where its not you who evaluates the food, but the restaurant who evaluates you.


Mike is that guy who eats loudly, chat a lot in a high pitched voice and burp at the end of the meal. He will never get a high score from the restaurant.

Jane is that person who knows how to eat properly and peacefully but still don't know what fork is used for salad.

Andy is that guy who knows all about the etiquette, and when he actually make a mistake he knows how to divert attention from it by complementing the chef or mentioning how the wine complements the food.



imagine my shock when Hitman 2 Restaurant is actually telling me that the bolsterous eating guy had the same score as the one who knows all about the etiquette.  


Andy don't come up with excuses saying it was harder for you, 
I won't accept those lame excuses, its time to ante up your game.
If a "fish escalation" isn't t a thing now, you can bet it soon will be.
I loved how annoyed Andy was, while trying not to sound annoyed.
@11:32 that camera guy is enjoying getting choked out a bit too much
And how can we forget, "Lucky Leady"?  Always there for Agent 47.
You Andy's being forced to improvise when he has to assassinate a non target with a fish.
Andy only getting two stars means he was the one most shafted on Hitman today...
47 has acquired so much annual leave that Diana said "go take a holiday" and 47 was like furious eyebrows "fine, never said I couldn't take a murder holiday and now this
The Mumbai Shafter! "You've just been shafted!"
Great hit an video
All those fish hits would give me a haddock.
minesweeper
Poor Andy is so stressed, haha
if I saw my buddy walk behind a wall then herd a slaimy slap and then look for him and find nothing but a fish, I would assume my friend ternd into a fish before ill assume a hitman took him out with a fish.
I'm the first 3700
outsidexbox - Jane - I can't believe you brought food (fish) into a bathroom, yuck!! No wonder things smell 'fishy', all that lack of hygiene =^_^=
Andy.... Let the guy turn the freaking water off so it stops attracting other guards before you choke him out. Amateur Hour.
There were so many Heart in mouth moments in Andy’s Playthrough...  When he was SCALEing the lift shaft, he SKATEd on thin ice... It seems like the noticers were all in the wrong PLAICE!!  Thank COD for 47’s quick reactions and someone could have found him in a GILL-ty position.  Thankfully it all went SWIMmingly as your’e all DAB hands at this :)
If you shoot the mirror they don't see you
Next time, OX should play one of the old games like Blood Money, or even Absolution (I know it’s not old). It would be real interesting and fun to watch.
Seems like it should be called hitman  de-escalation...because all the victims fall to their death! I'll see myself out.
35:52 lol
That was awesome & verrrry tense! Mike was taking it so seriously! However the suggested videos thing popped up on my tablet so I couldn't see how long Andy's final run-through took!
If 47 can throw a screwdriver hard enough for it to stick and be lethal then by all means a hammer is lethal on the sheer fact that it'll crush their skulls. I mean just have a listen to the connection Andy makes, that's scrambled brains all day.
35:52 is me when I play hitman
How did you get the ICA superior performance coins?
Zoology lesson for the day. Crows are scavengers that have evolved alongside humanity, as such when they fly they tend to follow roads to scavenge the bits of food people throw out their windows.  So 50 miles as the crow flies is a roughly identical to 50 miles as the car drives.  Just about any other bird would be better for the saying, but it is what it is now and unlikely to be changed.
35:53 …...Wow, Andy.
WWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!
Guys...... the crate...........
The jokes about 47 being a serial killer - in the intro tutorial bit from Hitman No Subtitle, there's some dialogue that rather strongly suggests that he was, in fact, a serial murderer before the ICA found him and took him in.
Y’all, I just noticed— you didn’t have to not kill people. The only requirement was to dump their bodies, dead or alive.
This is what I need now I’m stuck at home really ill and have a fractured ankle. Outsidexbox to the rescue.
What a great video to LIFT my spirits! I was definitely FALLING on the ground laughing
A bathroom with worse privacy than the 1 inch gaps in US stalls? That's the real surprise escalation.
Well, this WAS a family-friendly channel (with only the occasional murder) until potty mouth Andy ruined it for all the sensitive ears! SHAME
First.  Does anyone care?
I hoped Jane would bring up the black hole image, and she did. Thanks from one astronomy geek to another
Anyone else has a feeling that this "take andy's hat and throw away" is gonna be one of the xmas challenges for this year?
"Remember that film that came out 6 years ago?"

THAT WAS 6 YEARS AGO?! My God, where has the time gone
"Save me Brad Pitt!"
Jane somehow shouts something in a video game that I shout anytime something mildly inconvenient happens to me in real life.
If you ever wanted to know what Jane's trigger for full cold-blooded murder is, it's physics!

Don't. Mess. With. Physics.
Oh man, that look on Jane's face when Mike brought out his black hole drawing.  I thought blood was going to be spilled.
Mike: "i don´t think there is an original idea in this game"


it´s not the game Mike, it´s the genre
Mike: So you are the Hellraiser class...
Jane: Apparently. 
Mike: ...which is the explode-y one.

Me: Yes but which class is Jane playing as in the game?
Friendly fire is a thing in this game. I think Jane did more damage to her team then the zombies 😆. But maybe it's an experiment to see how much the team can take. You gotta be tough in the Apocalypse.
Best Laugh: "LOL my dudes!"
Watch show of the week at 2am I said, definitely won't be footage from PT I said, won't at all need to turn on the lights I said.
Jane questioning Mike if they are about to fight makes me wish for the day my wife gives me the same heads up.
23:38 "You didn't finish Metal Gear 5, did you...?"
"No."
"Well, there's that mission in that one where--"
(Mike reaches for airhorn)

"Hey, you're right - this IS really good for avoiding spoilers!"
It took me until just now to realize that Brawl of the Wild is a pun on Call of the Wild and not just a weird Breath of the Wild reference.
I was expecting Jane to go full Prudence when Mike wasn’t impressed at the picture of the black hole, there may be a sacrifice to Cthulhu coming
my cat and my thighs did not appreciate the anti spoiler system.....ouch. ;P
"It's an explode-y one, that's the one I picked" Well colour me utterly shocked. I never could have seen this coming.
"Uploaded 28 seconds ago."
I'm sure there's someone who saw it at 27.
I always go with the Colin Mochrie: Ha ha ha hee hee
Or The Weird Al: ATHBSNDPR (appreciating the humour but showing no discernible physical reaction)
Andy thinks his Air horn spoiler defence mechanism is fool proof, but what happens when the compressed gas cylinder runs out?😱
Best and worst "Haaaaaaaa". I don't trust those people.
I always know I've made a great pun over text chat when my friends say "Dally WHY"
Who would've thought, Mike chose the "explodey" class for World War Z :D
The Division 2 - Zombie DLC
0:09 THANK YOU, JANE (and outside crew)!
Jane is going to fight Mike over his drawing? Hmm...
Unrelated, are there any job openings at Outside Xbox?
Best laugh: all-caps HAHAHA
Worst laugh: any variant on “lol ok” or “oh lol”
Wild card: any number of 😂 emojis
What about that scene in Game of Thrones where Jon Snow plays Alien Colonial Marines???
For a moment I thought Oxbox would be hosted by Jane, Andy and the eldritch-blasted corpse of Mike.

One simply does not make fun about the space around Jane.
I'd say the best "ha" would be "teehee", 'cause the sheer childish giddiness of the sound is sure to elicit more laughs from me at the very least. The worst would probably Jane's "twee-f***ing-hee" where you realised that you have incurred her "mild disappointment"...
MY RIGHT EAR.
Mike: He is weak in the spine.
Jane: arent we all? 
What kinda spine does mike have?!
An Alien game with the World War Z mechanics and engine. Make this happen, NOW!
Super keen for World War Z. It looks like it's going to be good fun. Nothing quite like a zombie horde to vent your frustrations on.
I have a friend who will respond to my best jokes with "HAHAHAHAHA 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂" and honestly I feel so supported by him. We all need someone like that in our lives
I'm sad that it's based on the movie and not the book. I realize that World War Z's episodic structure doesn't translate well to cinema, but video games are perfectly capable of telling episodic stories; heck, most of the first video games to have "stories" were episodic (even if the episodes mostly composed of things like "Mario did a bunch of stuff, reached the castle, and found out he took the wrong turn at Albuquerque").
Scaries game ever has to be Fatal frame / Project Zero, closely followed by Outlast [shudders]
The best haha is honestly AHAHAHAHAHAHAH

The worst is DEFINITELY heh.
In a few days time, Mike is going to have a personal facetime with the recently discovered black hole once Jane sends him hurtling towards it in a specially built space rocket.
"they're a bit weak in the spine" says Mike

"Aren't we all" says Jane 

What do I have to pay to have a voiced Jane as an AI companion?
Jane is basically my spirit animal, so it’s nice to know she also subscribed to the tenets of the spray and pray. 

Also, obligatory “event horizon is the best astronomy term” comment.
Andy: I don't think you could make a game out oft this...
just one loop...

Me: but what about The Stanley Parable?
Omg Jane the m87 picture is tooooo cool yeah? Unprecedented.  They used radio telescopes all over the planet,  effectively turning the planet into a telescope.  Mind blowing
Now if only they would make a parody series called "Jane of Thrones"
Andy-"BOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"
Game: Kill Zombies. Protect people
Me. Kill Zombies. Protect car. 


If you want me to care about people, don't put a classic car in the game.
Mike has really taken working in the gaming industry to heart and, in solidarity with gaming characters everywhere, wears exactly the same outfit at all times.  
(Later versions of Mike may include alternative colour palettes and/or limited availability event themed attire.)
Jane intensely focusing on killing zombies proficiently while responding in monosyllables is something that we need in the next Oxventure.

Egbert: So we found the culprit behind all of these undead...
Prudence: Yeah 
Egbert: ...who seem to coincidentally come...
Prudence: Okay 
Egbert: ..from a Chtulu temple that we...
Prudence: Uh huh 
Being quoted in the comment section is always kind of a trip.
But that timing for a World War Z game is really weird. It would have been way timelier when the movie came out and then also maybe better recieved when there was more of a need for a L4D type game.
"It's like Left 4 Dead" End of video
Jane & Physics! Best combination ever!!!
The people demand a full video on the team's individual texting styles.
00:00 Hey now Mike, don't diss Jane's vacation home
06:58 Did Jane just make a Limp Bizkit reference..? They should revoke her Physics degree :O
Best version of haha is: eheheh (Voldemorts laugh after he says Harry  Potter  is dead in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 2)
That's either a photo of a black hole, or the Eye of Sauron...eerie resemblance.
I really think Allison Road would have been somewhat good, but the only thing that would be better than that would be OXbox FINISHING P.T. this Hallowstream! Please? Pretty please?
“Lol.” With the full stop is honestly the most savage/heartbreaking thing to see after a joke
Does World War Zed have local multiplayer? Man, I miss local multiplayer.
I'm not even surprised they didn't even mentioned Inversion or Godmode (
World War Z is just Left4Dead comfort food
I started to get excited.  Then it turned out to be based on the movie instead of the book. :'(

Guess I'll just enjoy your commentary.
Andy's airhorns are actually because he's hyped for Cleganebowl.
Lol: worst laugh response
Ha/He (x) >3 : Good laugh response
So many ha's and he's that they get jumbled (ex: hahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhaha) :Best response
but Mike's black hole drawing doesn't have the cool color ring around it
6:33 And OxBox's misadventures with grenades continue ...
The best Haha variation is HAHAHAHA lol
It's Friday.   Feedback time..looking forward to another dnd live show..good idea doing it at mcm. It exposes the channel to a potential new audience.  (2.5 million subs is awesome and   too few by half)wasn't overly keen on the headphones at mcm Birmingham as they didn't seem to add that much.  Nice idea though.
I'd like to see a full play through of cyberpunk 2077 when it's released. Be funny to hear the presenters argue about what choice to make.   Not over keen on the facecam.  I find it distracting.   If it's gonna be permanent,  can it be in the bottom right of frame please? (Or for preference, not at all). 
Possibly the worst reply to a pun/joke via text is "anyway".  
Happy Easter everyone.
Best HAHA type response thru text?
"You're stoopid."
I'm pretty sure that's Spanish for "Good one, guy!"
26:12 Mutually Assured Destruction: The Movie: The Video Game
So did anyone notice when Jane saw the Chainsaw, she referenced the song "Break Stuff" from Limp Bizkit xD
Kick his arse Jane! That photo is mind blowing. The full image is even more spectacular as it gives a sense of scale.
Thanks for standing up for the black hole image Jane!
The black hole picture is amazing, Jane, don't let Mike tell you different
AHHHHHH BOOK MONSTER - 3 ha's out of 3, still funny, will laugh again.
We need total war gameplay!
When in doubt, reload BEFORE beginning the battle. Not after. 

Sorry to be a back-seat-zombie-apocalypse-er
"Rabies' Day Out" is an excellent pun!
The best laugh to get is "HA HA HA! THAT", ala Phil Ken Sebben.
The best laughter in text format is when there are random letters in it. like HAHAHAHASKJHDAJSKHDJD
Jane: “Guys watch out behind you!” She says as she’s swinging a giant chainsaw behind them. Something feels off.
agreeing with mike that a singular "ha" is very sad, but my favorite genuine text chat laugh is "lol'd irl," that's when I know it's real
Been watching for years now. Keep up the good work for us.
Love you guys! Keep doing what your doing!
16:18 my spirit animal. I own six jackets, and four of them are basically hoodies with a zipper.
best laugh: adsjcsfctbggfdl
worst: hm
Jane mentions Event Horizon, demonic Hellgate confirmed.
"Load Bearing Zombies" is the name of my new band!
World War Z the game or in other words city commuter simulator
Best Ha ha ha is LMFAO!
I love the plushie Jane's character has on her belt.
The worst “haha” variation is just a straight up “lol”, especially if they say lol in real life 🙄
Jane is way too sweet for me to criticize her gameplay
If they keep up with support for the WWZ game I can see it doing pretty well.
I believe the best haha is hohoho, that always means gifts are coming, or some coal. It's usually coal isn't it?
Best Ha^3 is ROTFLOLBBQROFLCOPTER.
Explosives + Remington 870 = fun!
Loving the gameplay on this looks amazing
11:42 I think you figured out the proper way to play the game
That's the really zoomed in picture.  When you see it zoomed out a bit, it is a bit more impressive
Another Left 4 Dead like game is Vermintide 2.
I don't believe you've done it, though there may have been a video that i've forgotten.


Again, a Left 4 Dead like game. But a fun twist since it's primarily melee-based instead of gun-based.
If Days Gone wasn't coming out in a weeks time, i'd get this
Really would love to see a game based on the WWZ book, but no we get another by the numbers zombie survival game instead
Square might do something with that tech demo - they emailed a bunch of people a fair while after it went online with a lengthy survey asking about what aspects people liked about it. I specifically remember them asking about enviromental reactions to magic e.g. metal conducting lightning spells

Fingers crossed for Final Fantasy XVI on PS5/Xbox... 2?
"We're gonna fight now" is the cutest "I'm not really mad, but I'm trying to be".
Kek is the "laugh" to be feared above all other laughs in my humble opinion. There's no recovery if someone hits you with that.
Mike teaching the young early about how the world is a cruel, merciless place where friends throw your hats off lighthouses and under trains without remorse
A lmao is a sure sign you've made them actually laugh or chuckle irl :P
Jane: Accuracy? Ammo conservation? What are you talking about?
The Colonial Marines Jar is back? What about the overused Joke Jar?
I wonder if Saber Interactives next game will be about a mute scientist in special armour with a crowbar. Maybe they can help teach Valve how to count to 3.
i agree with andy's analysis of the laughter politics
That first firefight was 50% explanation and 50% Jane shooting her teammates.
World War Z looks better than Overkill's The Walking Dead. But I'm gonna save my money for Days Gone, personally...
a side tearing Guffaw! it can even heal the deadly Meh
AHH BOOK MONSTER
Ah, so that's the black hole image. I was wondering what the heck that was that kept going around. Surprisingly, as an astronomy nut(etc), I didn't even bother about the black hole thing.
The class and XP stuff sounds like it has some Killing Floor DNA in it too.
World War Z always rubs me the wrong way it was nothing like the book. They could have just called it generic zombie movie 345. It would have been so much better as a tv series where an interviewer goes around asking people about their experience  during the war. The stories would be told in flashbacks. You know the way the book was written.
4 ha's in a row is known as a peekaboo. Let's see who gets this one...
Surely the best internet laugh is somehow getting text chat to go full Ellen...or would that crash the entire system?
The best haha to recieve is either lmao in all caps or xD with two D's
OK so obviously we need to know the overall score - who has had their pun used as the official adventure title the most - and more of the runners-up too!
Out of curiosity, does anyone know what Andy’s shirt is referencing?
"Infinite Machete" is the name of my new band!
The tech demo from the GameCube called Rebirth has gorgeous music and I want to play a game as a forest elemental!
So... Left4Dead 3 since we're never getting that?
Jane has a Physics degree - she can fight Mike with full professional authority behind each Eldritch Blast
Jane should give prudence a demon machete!
You guys deserve nothing less than a "ROFL"...
Though you get more "Roflmao" than "ROFL" from me ;P
Was I the only one emulating their laughs as they did them to see which one you do?

Also Heh to me is "This amuses me greatly. But quietly."
Jane, you know what you have to do. Draw a picture of a car.
In spite of Mike's wanton trolling of physics, I'll mention that I like the "mini let's play" segments for the featured games here and on Show of the Weekend, particularly because I can see the presenters' reactions.
I feel that lately we’ve focused a lot on Jane being a demonic cultist (Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn, btw), so I’m glad you reminded us in the intro that she’s also a badass.
I miss movie tie-in games...the first game I ever finished was The Golden Compass game and I LOVED it
5:41 The characters are merging to form a super being. Or the models are just clipping through each other.
"The alien itself isn't actually all that scary" says Mike, apparently someone hasn't seen the thing take down the enemy NPCs in that game or gotten to the part where there's multiple lol
so this is a game called "Left for Z?"
This is LITERALLY "Left 4 Dead 1.5". And need I remind you that L4D2 still kicking?


P.S. - Jane, if Mike don't have black eye in next video after his comment about Black Hole - I would be REALLY dissapointed.
MK11 delivered on the quality they showed in the trailers. I'm really glad of that
Somehow when Jane makes the grenade launcher and chainsaw noises it's adorable
Heh... *crickets chirruping*.
"What the hell Mike?" lol
Best ha- Bwahaha. Worst ha is definitely Heh.
Dammit Oxbox, I was so excited, thinking this might be playing to the infinitely better book. Slouching hordes, having to avoid getting bitten, sneak attacks from what you thought were dead enemies, debilitating them with body shots, while being unable to finish them without a headshot, Managing the effectiveness of melee weapons versus the long-distance ability and limited ammunition of handguns and such. Potentially, even managing the size of your group so you have extras people  in case you get bit, while not being so large and noisy that you attract greater numbers of zombies. Much disappoint.
"Infinite Machete" is definitely the name of my new band
Personally, I don't know if I want to see Mike's black hole.
Notice they don't say who names most of the DnD oxventures? One conclusion: Ellen.
Someone made P.T. in Dreams. No matter how hard Konami tries to get rid of it, someone somewhere will make P.T.
Should do a video on 7 times jumping in games are super unnatural.
Worst text laugh response:  lel


It's a cutesy and weirdly polite "lol" that's patronizing especially since it means to "laugh extremely loud". It's essentially "tee-hee." 


Best text laugh response:  Oh my god. 



The complete disapproval of joke is how you know you know you've found a gold mine. It's not a horrendous enough joke to overstep boundaries or be a Jerk-face McGee, but it's just terrible and clever enough where they have to acknowledge it to move on and beg you cease immediately.
I thought NYC in the game was too clean until you killed all the zombies, now that looks more like NYC I know.
hahaha=good. ha  ha  ha=sarcastic(slow clap like)
Not my kind of game; Shooter with Zombies, two things I'm not into.
...man isn't it crazy how Death Stranding still doesn't even have an announced release date
I still have P.T. installed.... I should try playing it again.
The worst laugh response you can ever get is: ha ha          ha
The pause clearly shows it's sarcastic 😛
No matter how much I look at the xenomorph from Alien Isolation it is still terrifying, especially when it is about to kill you 😱
Honestly, I would class alien isolation and amnesia the dark descent as the 2 best horrors.
You're still paying for Aliens: Colonial Marines.  We're ALL still playing for Aliens: Colonial Marines.
Loved the show, as usual, but Andy's air horn freaked out my cat.
WWZ actually looks... good?
Are you sure that picture of a black hole isn't just a blurry picture of the eye of Sauron?
Do not make Jane angry. You've seen what she does as Prudence
Hunted? Compromised?
...Your new assassination mission: All these special infected. Disguises don't matter, assassination method doesn't matter.
If you were to shave her head in back, you'd see a barcode tattoo.

Where would/does "BOOOOO!" fall? I'm surprised that didn't come up with all the talk of puns.

Air horn vs ACM jar. Can you say "détente"?
I love Jane Douglas ❤️
The black hole is relevant to this channel - its the xbox 360 red ring of death in 144p
It's really a shame that the game doesn't have local co-op...
The best "haha" variant is obviously the brazilian classic "auheauheauehaueha", which mixes the classic haha with an absolutely dramatic keysmash, showing that the reader completely lost it.
Can't wait for all the fan art of Jane running amok with a machete
3:15 Damn it xD What are you doing zombie!?
Hey, it’s a black hole... wait how do we know it’s just void that has no color? Also um mike please don’t make a black hole.
I use "BAHAHAHAHAHA" every now and then. Thanks, Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Zenimax can sue over people using simple words like Prey and Scrolls yet Steam just lets people straight up copy Left 4 Dead lol.
The channel Veritasium has a great pair of videos that explain what that black hole image shows if anybody’s curious.
Ha's conudrum? Heh sure sure. Hihihi your conudrum is utterly insane, huhuhuhu. Therefore there is no real right answer to it, hoho...  aannnd I'm done. 

Ps.: could guys savage bea.... I'm mean lightly destr,,, er hurt Andy a little? I wasn't watching you guys directly because of work, but I was with headphones on max volume, my ears still ringing after his anti-spoiler sophisticated system... Andy you are in luck we can only comment with words, if it was an interactive comment I would gladly punch you over and over. have a great week people...
Jane: How dare he insult my science 😡🤬😡
Mike: My science is better
I think my favorite part in GoT was BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR and then they went out for shawarma.
im so jealous
I had completley forgotten how scary it is to watch Mike play horror. No reaction to the scares except for a cheeky smile!
More gang beasts live please!! So, sooooo funny!! :)
Love the current format of Show of the Week but wouldn't be against having a nearly hour long show if it included a returning challenge of the week as well
Left 4 dead 3.... (?)
“Pressurized Dread” would be a great video game or death metal band name
Andy, what you need to know about Game of Thrones is that Elmo goes to the Red Keep and teaches Tyrion and Cersi how to get along.
This game hasn't got an original bone in it's body. Still wanna play it though... haha
20 seconds in and Mike's insulted every physicist and astronomer out there. New record!
Here's a tip:  If you're ever in a zombie apocalypse, don't give Jane a shotgun.  She'll stand behind you and shoot the zombies through you.  Friendly Fire is always turned on in real life.
AURGH BOOK MONSTER
barely anyone i know actually writes "haha" variants, we're all gay keyboard smashers. its FJKDSDNFDKFND or nothing in this household
Isn't 'ha ha' the sarcy  response 🤨 any ha is bad i fink, stick with lols or lmfao
I always use "Buhehahhehehe" when i'm a happy texter and "hmmm" when i'm not realy sure about it, and "meh" if it was meh :P (just to be honest).
If you're not impressed by the image of the black hole, you clearly don't understand the gravity of the situation.
We need more planet destruction on this channel. You guys should play the PC solar simulator game.
Love outside Xbox even though im a hardcore PS4 gamer. dont let sony ;)
This really just made me want to go back and play Left 4 Dead again, probably not what the Devs we’re hoping for
Remember if your mad  obliraty zombies
lo is just so overused that its an insult when you get it
As far as I'm concerned "HA!" and "Hahaha" are the same.
So jane and mike are going to fight in out in gang beast right?
Was anyone expecting or hoping for this game? Came as a surprise to me. Anyways, back to Dragon Quest XI.
I hope Jane has seen the full picture of the black hole, because that is very impressive. Katie Bouman and everyone else involved did an amazing job. And if Mike doesn't like that either, he can be sacrificed to Cthulhu
It's really great to listen to them just talking freely.
Pun-competition? Sounds like the basis of a series of videos guys! Christmas challenge, or midsummer punstra.
I think the only text based laughter that ranks below 'heh' is lol, because nobody who types lol as a response to someone's joke has ever laughed at anything ever.
Yo it’s amazing pic of a black hole
When you got so shocked that you pooped a grenade.
You know how on L4D2 you could right click to knock back the infected? Is it the same with this game? I couldn't really tell
Can I just say that I love Andy's shirt and I want one in my wardrobe right now?
He’s weak in the spine aren’t we all I’m dead
@5:42 Time to break out the purple stuff, I guess?
I'd really recommend the audio book version of World War Z. A terrific story told by a stellar cast including people like Alan Alda, Mark Hammil, Nathan Filion and Denise Crosby.
I don't want to be THAT guy, but the game is probably not based on the (crappy) movie but on the original books that the movie was based on. "The Zombie Survival Guide" from 2003 and "World War Z" from 2006, written by Max Brooks, son of Mel Brooks.
I’m gonna say the best and worst haha variants are hahahahaha and lol respectively.
That black hole name is Requis and he doesn’t like when people take his picture
Based on conversations with my sister, the best text laugh I get from her is “😂😂😂” and the worst is “lol” because she says that in almost every message.
Oh no! The anti spoiler system woke up my kitty.... And she's asleep again. 😸
Where is my husband?
How can you show a clip of Andy being scared and not use Slender?
Game of Thrones sucks anyway. Don't watch it.
Definitely would never let Mike or Andy babysit. Also, I get so sad anytime someone brings up Silent Hills. STOP BRINGING UP SILENT HILLS 😭😭😭
I love you jane
I'm disappointed I never got to play PT; I didn't get around to getting new consoles until last year, and that whole creeping dread/psychological horror deal is definitely my preferred kind of scare. I think that's why I gravitate to things like Alien Isolation, Amnesia, and Fatal Frame, and others along those lines; the mechanics and atmosphere make it feel as though the scares are (for the most part) less predictable, as opposed to relying on jumpscares I can smell from a mile away.
Hence why I'm not super excited about World War Z. I feel zombies are too overdone at this point to be properly scary, and while I enjoy L4D2, I don't feel the need to play a newer version of it.
Best 'haha' is "BAHAHAHAHAHA".
Brb just reviewing every text ive ever received for hahaha's to find out how funny people find me
When is Warhammer: Vermintide coming out?
Oh no, I really like using heh, I hope people don’t think I’m being rude. I use har har if I’m being sarcastic
run mike.... run
Z for ZomBae
I confess that I've never understood why anyone likes horror...
Reminded me of the time where they where filming World War Z was filming up here in Glasgow, George Square is in first couple minutes of the film I was in the Glasgow Gallery of Modern art at the time trying to see some modern art I was studying art at college at the time was trying to get modern art so majority of my time was in these type of galleys and I think I might bumped into Angelina Jolie when I was in the gallery but unsure if it was really her . But they was rumours at the time also that when they where filming Brad Pitt was dressed as a skate boarder so you could not really tell if it was him if he was beside you or not but this ended up being true as the itv news confirmed it so by all accounts I could passed him.
The best "ha's" are the ones without spaces, then they don't have time to breathe, hopefully not fatal of course but man what a way to "knock em dead". I like to tell people I literally laughed out loud when I do because that really crosses the line from sort of "easy to control laughed out my nose" to "man, I just couldn't hold that one in".
Like Halo 3
Poor Jane!
Best Alien game was, and still is AVP2 by Monolith (also best Predator and Human-alien-food game ever :P). There was a good, and good looking Blade Runer game. But now it is old, not many people played it and is hard to get now, mostly becouse some one lost the source code and it will probable never again be on sale anywhere:P But if you can get it somewere, try it (becouse we will probable never again get an official Blade Runer game ... ever, sadly).
Also Black Holes are cool, you can lost so much time on them. Such an interesting topic to talk about, it can realy suck you in. So let this event broaden our horizons about space :) 
Ok i'm out of puns ... and knowledge :)
Obviously the actual worst text chat pun reaction is just: "..." - you can feel the distain emanating from the screen.
Jane and Mike: friendship cancelled
the worst text laugh is LOL
Worst thriller choreography ever. Apart from that one zombie that genuinely seemed to give it a go.
Jane's friendly fire rate is concerning.. Someone hide Mike
I would enjoy horror more if my brain didn't prey on those fears later. Once I see something that scares me, my brain takes every single noise and shift in shadow as that thing coming to get me. I know that it's fiction and not going to happen, but my brain convinces me anyway.
I can't help but think that the typo thing about Aliens: Colonial Marines is probably an excuse like "yeeeeeah we toooootally had smart aliens. toooootally. it was one tiny typo that ruined eeeeeeverything."
“Heh” is definitely the most insulting, but I believe a burst of “hahahahaha” is the highest compliment achievable in the history of language.
The white in paper is a color too Mike,  so 2 colors again
If the the division and LFD had a baby
The few things I remember from World War Z was the music (Isolated System by Muse was playing most of the time), Peter Capaldi, and the one scene where the zombies go all berserk and try to climb over a wall. It really has been ages.
We all knew Jane would have made the Black hole a big deal in this show. It's almost as sure as Ellen and KoA
You can't air horn the comments section Andy Farrant!  Lucky for you I have no spoilers to give you.
I still treasure the memory of the time I got "*snerk*" as a response ...

... from Poppy Z. Brite.
I can relate with Mike. I have a bunch of hoodies that I wear over the course of 5 years again and again.
Hahahahahahahahahaha- 10 HAs is maximum supremacy.
Moral to this story: don't fight a physicist. Especially when said physicist is called Jane Douglas.
Mark this episode "Not safe for headphones" ooooof that air horn
Do more
Why is there always so much blood in zombie games? Like it's smeared on the walls and the floors and everywhere.
The "gangbeasts control ilusion", as I like to call it, has some similarities with the one in which you are finally able to play Mario Kart properly only to find that you were looking at the wrong screen the whole time
Airhorns and headphones are a terrible combination...
You guys make me not want to buy this game anymore.
So... Mike, my dude. I think you may have miscalculated. Jane’s father is Cthulhu, and she is a physics nerd. Black holes are basically the definition of cosmic horror, so when you insult one, not only are you insulting her passion for science, but her FAMILY as well. All I’m trying to say is... run.
My cat started purring in my ear when you backed into a corner and I jumped because I thought she was a zombie behind you.
Remind me to never be in a zombie survival squad with Jane as she keeps just spraying shotgun bullets into her allies to shoot the zombie on the other side.
Ok, here's something to add to the commentor addition of the little details we all love: the reload animation for the AK 47 is surprisingly realistic!
You can tell Jane is concentrating so hard or she hasn't had her coffee yet when she gets jumped by Special Infected and she tells Mike off by not warning her (he did at 1:14)
Excellent trolling to begin this video.
13:40.  If you only had that two weeks ago Andy...
Surely the worst haha to receive in chat is "Mwahaha HAHAHA"
Early
It's  funny, but because I read the book first, World War Z doesn't feel like a movie based game. The movie wasn't like the book and the game doesn't really feel tied to the movie.
WWZ would be a cool game pass title.
This is proof that no one who developed video games has ever used a chainsaw they would be useless in a zombie apocalypse
Howdy
Hey, Andy, if you think P.T. is the scariest game ever, then you've never played Bendy and the Ink Machine. I dare you to finish Chapter 1 of that game!
Worst in text is lower case 'lol'.
Giving a like and comment just because Jane being annoyed of Mike's drawing reminded me of myself trying to explain the importance of that photo to my mates while playing without throwing them my controller
I would like to see OutsideXtra and OutsideXbox team up in World War Z and see who will survive and who will sacrifice their teammate to the hoard to save themselves..
Heh!
Well that's just great. Decided to watch with earphones in and now I'm deaf in my right ear from Andy's air horn. Now I know how Jon Snow felt when.....BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP!!!!!!!!!
As someone else whose work and physics degree don't directly link up, I imagine Jane will murder Mike for his lack of appreciation for a black hole photo due to outsides like of appreciation for the things in relativity a black hole represents..... Poor Mike.
The worst hah is: ...heh?
The worst is kek  

I will not be taking arguments
yum yum
I think the best variant of text-based laughter is a single "HA!" (different from "ha").
heh>haha>hahaha>HAHA>HAHAHA>HAHAHA!
didnt like the movie much
Focus doesn’t exist in NASA
Heh.
Could be interested if it is anything like Left 4 Dead (that being a cult classic). I can see why this is Mike's kind of game, explosions galore mixed with plenty of Zombies. my worst text ha ha is meh, i know i have done bad if i recieve that response from anyone.
I don't trust any variants on "ha ha ha" or "lol" as signs of genuine amusement, it's uncontrollable smashing of the keyboard a la "LKFDHGFLDKAJGFHLDJK" or NOTHING
I don't think Mike was scared enough. Is 'distract with game' the protocol solution for code "Jane-Red"?
Heh.
The worst one has to be "K.".<- This ruins lives and friendships
Wow I thought that you lot would never talk about Detroit become human lol. You seem to of skipped over that when it came out lol. 😂🤣
What about "huh?" when people simply can't follow your pun logic so you have to explain it which totally ruins the pun. Super frustrating :/
My internet went out and the video stopped playing right as Andy played his spoiler alarm. At first I thought it was part of the bit. "Wow this IS a sophisticated alarm system!"
Thank you so much for bringing up the black hole image. I had a similar interaction with my middle School students when I told them about it as Jane with Mike. My students started asking me about white holes.
hAhAhAhA
Mike's wardrobe? So... the cream, the bone, the white, the off white, the ivory or the beige?
Lol
Why ask for Brad Pitt, everyone who got near him died in that film! Stay safe and far away from him.
A game where Mike can blow up enemies all he wants without being caught or hunted lol
Jane , why don't you text Andy what happen in Game of thrones.
Best variant “BAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHA”. Worst.... “honey, I’m leaving you.”  My wife doesn’t like my puns. I don’t hear the first one alot
I bet Sir Isaac Newton created that black hole when he created physics 🤔
Is luke capable of sarcasm? He seems far too innocent.
The worst haha variant is when you say a joke and get a "hahahaha" and feel all proud of yourself, then you say something that isn't really a joke and get another "hahahaha" and realise that's just something they're in the habit of typing
Why! So here I am minding my own business falling asleep at desk by the soothing voices of Mike, and Andy, then around 13:34 in the video I hear a car horn in my dream somehow, then immediately woken up by Andy trying to avoid spoilers
That picture of blackhole STILL has two colors. Black and White!
Jeez! Shoot a pinky off of one of these zombies and they drop. Pump an ammo dump of bullets into a Resident Evil 2 zombie's face and they get indigestion. There has GOT to be a half way point people!!!
The worst “haha” variant is “k’’
Betting Jelly Babies? So THAT'S how the Tom Baker Doctor got his unlimited supply...
That air horn is, surprisingly, less annoying than fans who gush about GoT.
My ultimate laugh over text chat is either LOL in all caps or taking the time to find the rofl emoji. Which I never use more than one of, that would be ridiculous.
The carnage that little pink plush bear has seen...
Believe it or not real human parents are worse than the AI.
go here - go here - go here - click this - click that - kill all zombies. `I think my son died, maybe, oh well.`  I mean, the horde swarming is amazing. Apart from that, not a spec of creativity went into this game, did it?
Is this just the ORIGINAL Xbox One - not X or S. If it is or isn't, will the game still run as smoothly on an original Xbox One?
The worst is ha ha hoo hoo hee hee
Worst text response?  Ha....  Ha.... Ha...
Good thing there seems to be no friendly fire in this game, or your AI mates would be full of buckshots by now. Forget zombies. Watch out for Jane with a shotgun. Or a chainsaw.
.
I have a question about this game and the similarities between it and L4D, does it have a Director AI? Or does it just barf zombies at all times?
🔔🕷🍌🐝🍅🐟📦🦂👍🐗⭕️❌
@4:00 Mike: He's a bit weaker in the spine.
            Jane: Aren't we all.

Lol I agree. I have 2 compressed discs and 1 herniated disc in my spine and I found this back and forth awesome. Thanks guys, just made my night. Keep doing what you do.
Are we gonna get a Claire walk-through of the RE2 remake though?
8:20 MISSED THE PERFECT PUN!!!!

DEAD RISING DIDNT HAVE THE DEAD RISING!!!!!
Jane: wait! Let me grab my chainsaw!
Zombie: doesn’t wait 
How rude, what happened to zombie etiquette!
One of these days, I'll get the credit i deserve. Most i get for comment shout out is, "someone said..." 😭
i love you guys and your videos a lot but come on guys please don't say GD I find it offensive
Zed not Zee
Best haha variant: "ROFL"
Worst haha variant: me in high school.
GoT spoiler: NOTHING HAPPENS


Seriously, the episode was 99% member berries / fanservice and 1% plot-relevant events.
Um, actually Jane, a lot of stuff escapes a Black Hole. Most of what it 'eats' is shot back out into space. Black Holes are very messy eaters.
Most things that come near it get caught int he gravity, and slingshotted around it, few things actually are on a path close enough to the center to hit the even horizon and be fully sucked in.
Lol is the worst and 🤣🤣🤣😂👌👌🤣👌👌🤣😂🤣👌👌🤣👌 is the best
Andy shouldnt say anything and just watch  ,  He is ruining  the experience  😡😡😡😡
Don't pin this!
Plz 🙂
Jane is trash
