We want vanilla cops and robbers again like the old times
I think they should do vanilla cops and robbers
then after a bunch of vanilla ones they do modded
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old days
Those are Eye Patches... I thought those were Sunglasses...

My Whole Life Is A Lie
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
Oh my lord that intro is so nostalgic
“I love iron man”



Who gon tell him
ay tony pepperoni cooking a flame 
can't wait for the OG cops and robbers game
uh yeah pizza
Hey We want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
Boy do I love super man 
He's my favorite avenger
Hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
Is sky ever going to learn you have to delay between your hits
Will u ever play with Ross again
Oh god, he's back! YES!
COPS AND ROBBERS!! And can u continue your series, and do not laugh, btw u seem sadder than before the long period of u being gone
i want vanilla cops an robbrs with the og team crafted.
You guys remember the vehicle battle domes with the air ships and boats, they were awesome
The only relevant minecraft youtuber
I WANT SOME VANILLA COPS AND ROBBERS AND ALSO ICE-CREAM
Hell yeah! Normal clean vanilla cops and robbers is great! I miss Ty and Tyler whenever they played, they were always funny. I still laugh over the watermelons. Anyways, keep it up! ❤️
You guys should do vanilla cops and robbers on the original map you filmed cops and robbers on- like the one without the boat and had the maze
Hey, we want vanilla cups and rubbers like the good old days
We want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
0:00 idk why but for some reason I thought he was gonna start falling after saying “weeeeeooooooooo”

Lol
“I want vanilla cops and robbers like the old times”
vanilla Minecraft cops and robbers  was way funnier than mods especially when team crafted was together
When they talk about “the old times” I feel things.





I JUST FEEL THINGS! OKAY!?
;-;
Please do vanilla cops and robbers I remember I used to love rewatching all the videos growing up thanks for being a great content creator <3
Im fine with vanilla and or modded cops n robbers but, I want more Klub Ice most of all! 😄
Adams may i requested a question about the Garfield lore
Yes, vanilla cops and robbers sounds great!
oop
poopie 
woopie 
toopie
scoopie
doopie
loopie 
moopie
yoopie
hi hru hows air hows life
Keep the bad mic for the nostalgia
I love the vanilla ones better, and the roleplay ones always seemed strange to me
Do the cops and robbers they are the best

The content is the mod
Hey Sky! I think you should do Vanilla Cops N Robbers!
Then maybe do some Modded Cops N Robbers after!
they should do vanilla cops n robbers
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old days <3
360p squad where ya at?
The vanilla old school videos were always the best. They had the most genuine comedy out of everything. 
But whatever you think is fun obviously comes first, Adam. Do what you love and we'll support you through it!
Sky I really miss all the epic jump maps with deadlox and and munchingbdotato
SPOILER ALERT





R.I.P Iron Man. We love you 3000.
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers, just like the old times.
I just now found out that he's playing Minecraft again. I can't express how happy I am-
OH MY GOD YOU'RE BACK I missed you hope life is going well
Sky please bring back the whole crew I miss Ross you deadlox Jerome playing together
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
That intro made me think I was high
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
*Sky plays minecraft back*

Return of the K i n g
Dude, this just popped up on my feed and the NOSTALGIA FROM THAT INTRO! I subbed to you god knows how long ago, at least 4 years and nothing had popped up for ages! Glad to see you're still alive.
The ol' Cops and Robbers was like a better version of a mod showcase. It was pretty cool.
im guessing your rapping career didnt work out and you're back now
Ive heard rumours that Adam stopped Minecraft but im surprised that the gang is still here
Gotta appreciate the fact that sky didn’t change the into even after he left
Also I want vanilla cops and robbers
Oh snap he’s playing Minecraft again. It’s been so long since I’ve watched him i grew up watching him. Glad to see him back 🙏🏽🔥
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
I would love to see more vanilla cops and robbers. One of the best series you and Jerome did in my opinion.
Vanilla cops and robbers please. Just like the old day. 


Deadlox can you open the door? 
It stinks in here
I’m really bored 
Open the door.
I would do ANYTHING to see Vanilla Cops and Robbers again (honestly any cops and robbers tbh) it’s so much fun to see!!
VANILLA COPS AND ROBBERS PLEASE!!! and thank you.
hey we want vanilla cops n robbers just like the old times
Ima be honest, idk if ross, barney, and max are still friends with adam. Havent been keeping up broskis :'')
It would be really awesome if you just made a 30-60 minute video with jerome
<3 you sky glad your back
Vanilla revival with jerome mich xrpmx13
Black panther is the most powerful Avenger because he can say the n-word
you r serisouly my youtube inspiration thank u!
I watched this when I was 7, (or sumthing, a long time ago) now I’m thirteen
We want vanilla cops and robbers with the same song playing in the background as the first one for nostalgia ;)
Happy 10 year anniversary MINECRAFT 🔥🎉🎊❤
hey we want vanilla cops n robbers just like the old days
Hey sky do you ever think about playing with the dream team like Red, Barney,SGC, Ross,or Mad Max because i think i speak for lots of people when i say i miss those videos
Adam so many people want cops & robbers. Vanilla or modded, we'll be happy with either choice. :)
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old days
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old days
ITS BEEN YEARS SINCED IVE WATCHED SKY I MISSED YOUUUUUUUUUUU I LOVED YOUR VIDS
i came back after 7 years and the goddam nostalgia T0T
Vanilla please, I'm an old fan and just stumbled onto this and would love to see old vanilla gameplay again! Thanks you're awesome!
Hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old days
I wouldn’t mind some vanilla cops and robbers,  just like the good old days
This. This is good. But I like [Insert old Mini-game he used to do].
I actually do want Vanilla Cops & Robbers back.
Idk why but my youtube was subscribed to this but im glad to see you're back
Don’t die on us again Tony. Oh wait, that’s Adam.
Hey we want vanilla cops and robers
Stop trying to make me die of laughing 😂😂😭😭💀💀
Vanilla cops n robbers is best cops n robbers. Nice video guys!
Yeah vanilla cops and robbers would be great to see again I loved the old videos
Spider-Man is my favorite avenger
The best thing about sky and co is the super high energy they have when recording.
Hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times.
I'm glad sky's back but what happend to red and max and barney
Hi im eay just say'in bye


Remember me  for i shall be drowned in this ocean of comment and i shall remember thee
I love jerome prob my fave youtuber while u were gone but can u get ross barney and try patching up everything with max        PS ur the best
Why did I randomly get this notification out of nowhere? I thought you stopped making minecraft videos like two years ago.
Hey we want vanilla cops and robbers just like the old times
If you are using for swords don't spam click it because you will have 1 damage
I personally want vanilla cops n robbers but with a TON of people sky knows like Jerome deadlox munching_brotato Ross jimbop barney aphmau bajan_canadian ect
Yes we would LOVE vanilla cops and robbers
First sky Nd some of team crafted come back now YAW is back on Minecraft. Is Minecraft making the comeback of the year?!?!?
Good old cops and robbers and my favorite superhero is ghost rider
We want vanilla cops and robbers in honor of Minecraft's birthday!!
Hahahahah my childhood was restored finally im been seeing you seen im 7 and now im 14 i stop watch you when i 12 because im too busy with school,and now me and you are back
You should definitely do vanilla cops and robbers again
I can’t express how happy I am that sky is in his natural habitat...🙂(Who agrees?)
Omg what about Do Not Laugh? Or Never Have I Ever
I would love to see a vanilla Minecraft cops and robbers, especially with people from TeamCrafted. One video I’d love to see is a video with just Adam and Ty
We want vanilla cops and “rob”bers nudge nudge wink wink
Vanilla is way better than nodded!!! That way there’s way more fun involved in you guys instead of all the interest being focused towards mods and stuff. Plus you can upload more and they’re usually funnier without the mods
Hey we want vanilla cops and robbers like old times
Sky should get on call me Carson’s Minecraft server with ant venom
We want vanilla cops and robbers like the old times
We want vanilla cops and robbers like the old times
Sucks that YouTube sucks so I got no notifications from this
Heck yes, vanilla cops and robbers
The 1st most active youtber in all my subcribed channels
Bro i wish you could call my uncle, you guys sound exactly alike xD
Who went to watch Hunger Games in the middle of this video when Jerome mentioned it
BATTLE DOME?! YOU HAVE NO IDEA HIW MUCH I MISSED THIS SERIES!!
Vanilla cops and robbers was legit so much fun
Hey sky do you remember Jess. If you do PLEASE do a vid with her. We want vanilla cop and robbers like the old days
More cops and robbers vanilla plz play with ross and mithzan again oh and barney
FINALLY I FOUND YOU AGAIN AFTER 5 YEARS BOIIIIII I MISSED YOU :D
Adam if you remember in your never have I ever vid YOU NEED TO FORCE ROSS to play a HOLE game of monopoly the vid has 150k likes and you said 50k for the game do it
I still miss when they were non kid friendly,wish they would be like that occasionally. like after dark content for us matured viewers
I've been missing Minecraft for awhile now, so I'm gonna be here for some time Sky.
leave your mic as is please i absolutely love the nostalgia and the homeliness of it.
Losers grew up on fortnite 

Kids grew up on roblox

Men grew up on MW2

Legends grew up on minecraft
The style of this video makes me feel so nastolgic
Vanilla cops and robbers with the OG group
I’ve returned from 2016, this wasn’t a mistake.
I would love to see the vanilla cops n robbers
Could you do vanilla cops and robbers old school style
It was okay video tbh, just curious about any new music?
I always loved the battle dome vids please do some more
Who remembers the cops n robbers where Jerome literally built a house outside the prison and then everyine ganged up on the warden and killed him? Ah, good times. Bring those back plz
MAN, I LOVE THESE EDITS MAKES IT REALLY ENTERTAINING
Yo, give us the Vanilla adam!
See you got back to your friends 👍
We want vanilla cops and robbers like the old times
what is Adam's obsession with mining in the freaking darkkkkkk.
Happy 10th birthday of Minecraft everyone 💎
Sky: "We're in the endgame now.."
Says Dumbledore shows gandalf seems legit
Try using the legends mod, its way better. It's basically the latest version of the superheroes unilimited mod
Can y'all stop telling the man what "you want" let him do what he likes and what makes him happy and if you're going to ask do it nicely don't make it sound like a demand it's a request at the end of the day
its good to see that ur back keep it up.
Yo what about vanilla cops and robbers with fans and he just randomly pulls people from discord or something? All fantasies aside we want cops and robbers with the old buddies and maybe some new funny pals.
yes i would truely enjoy a vinila caps and criminals
i miss the good old days so hell ya i want vanilla cops and robbers
i miss whe you did the roleplay with ross and barney and canadian T_T miss the old days
Oh man I remember this series. It was one of my favorites
I actually like vanilla cops and robbers better
I like all cops and robbers,but I prefer vanilla more
im so fracking glad Adam has started his Minecraft back again I missed his videos so much
Adam, please do vanilla cops and robbers. I would love to watch more of that again.
I want chocolate cops and robbers and the vanilla or cookies and cream
You Guys should seriously do vanilla cops and robbers again
I would love to see vanilla cops and robbers!
Vanilla cops and robbers. I miss it.
Vanilla cops & robbers, yay old content XD
"I love Iron Man" ......


Ahh Snap
I wonder, are there a bunch more nostalgic 15 year olds like myself or toxic 10 year olds
The last time I’ve been here is like 5 years ago and he still uses the same exact intro
Honestly still can’t believe you’re back to making videos like before, so glad to have you back
Man I wish you never went through the days of leaving because you still do good content but people still don’t know you’ve come back
All the old fans know that they’re eyepatches :)
Hey we want the vanilla cops and robbers
lolol this gave me a chuckle on a bad day, thanks adam :)
This is the sky I k ow making weird sound and having fun with that sounds
FINALLLY my childhood hero is back
I like both dc and marvel my fav superhero is the flash
bring back vanilla.

bring back da cLUb ICe
The cape is still buggy it faces foward
I would like some sweet vanilla minecraft
did your rapping carrier fail? is that why you are back to doing Minecraft?
😂 I prefer DC over marvel as well but marvel has way better movies
I say u can’t go wrong with a good old vanilla cops and robbers for old times sake
sniffles this.. does bring a tear to my eye.
I actually prefer vanilla cops and robbers over modded cops and robbers
I want vanilla ice cream but I like mint and chip too
I for one would love to watch some new vanilla cops and robbers.... or modded just cops and robbers
Welcome back Sky my friend.
The real question is where are good old mod reviews
This is the first video of yours that showed up on my sub feed in probably 5 years.... I completely thought you quit youtube
What mod is this?! Please I want to know
I want to see you guys do parlour again like the old days
So he went a back to minecraft? I though sky was doing music now
Bring back cops and robbers vanilla and modded
Old vanilla cops and robbers is very much needed
I had an awesome dream that Sky was playing with the old crew (Ross, Barney, Red and Aphmau) we’re playing hide and seek and I was so excited. Gone are the good ol days. 

I’m also just happy he’s back playing Minecraft though :)
ADAM U NEED TO WAIT BEFORE CLICKING YOU CANT SPAM CLICK ANYMORE IN PVP
i cried watching this cause of memories ❤️
Yes please more vanilla cops and robbers
Since when did sky start uploading again?
I always thought Sky's "eye patches" were sunglasses
I got a Minecraft ad right before this
You should play on SMP live
I indeed do want the vanilla cops and robbers
You sound different. Your voice is higher
Sky do you still hate squids
It’s been a long time.
I want vanilla cops and robbers!
We want da good ol vanilla cop n rubbers
I just love Vanilla anything.
Vanilla CnR is the best CnR
I really love sky getting back with the gang
Sky should go to older versions just for a bit
Fk sake sky got me back into Minecraft again
2019 and same intro same friends and same game
do vanilla crops and doghair pls
If you look back at his old video from 2013 you’ll see me
vanilla cops and robbers would be great.
Hey Toby  McGuire was good
Ah Just like Old Times! XD
Again, Adam spam clicks and Jerome ignores it.
Notif squad rise
We want vanilla cops and robbers like old times
Hey you know your ksi bend the knee
Hey we want vanilla like the old times
I loved cops and robers plez bring it back
F for vanilla Cops and Robbers.
This is kinda sad ;-;
TOO.....MUCHHHH NOSTALLGIAAA..... I CANNT...HANDLE .....IT.....
Adam! i hope you're okay in your most resent videos your voice has been so....im unsure maybe sad? depressed? i hope you are doing good and that you're just tired or something,.. I want you to know you've helped me through my childhood. Hug your family for me. okay bye now
I want some Vanilla






ice cream :)
noo. dc cops and robbers. prisoners be the villains while the cops are the heros.
childhood youtuber right there. nostalgia
oh god we want vanilla cops and robbers pls
Vanilla cops and  robbers? Yes please
Sky, I sent you fan mail 3 years ago asking you to sign a shirt and a toy foam gun. Still haven’t received it back. Hurry, please?
I thought they were sunglasses not eye patches
Man I swear to God Im not the only one seeing this but the more I watch your minecraft videos I get depressed it's so obvious that you don't want to continue on with minecraft, so I hope one day you'll find a job or find something you love doing in social media
Wait when did Adam come back I thought he left Minecraft for music
hey we want vanilla cops and robbers
vanilla cops and robbers hell yeah
I would love more vanilla content.
My favourite series is back!
Yes to vanilla cups and robbers
I missed you😪😂😂😂😢😢😭😭😭😭😭😁😁
I would like vanilla cops and robbers
I love french vanilla!
I hope you’re doing well general.
Im all for old time cops and robbers. But please with the old map with the ship. Not the 3.0. 
I dont like it that much. But thats my opinion. Still. Old cops and robbers has always been my favorite. And maybe after some vanilas maybe some little mods maybe
i want vanilla cops and robbers!
Can you do a do no laugh next?
I thought he quit this?
I remember you started youtube in the happiest year I know where everyone only had to worry about if the world was gonna end and you coming back has made Donal Trump becoming a president less hurtful thank you sky you just reminded me of my childhood
i don't remember this part of endgame
I love vanilla it was my favorite
I forgot I was still subbed to this
Has my childhood come back to life?!?!
Is this new bc I feel like I've seen this one before
Sky, I have been watching your videos for years but...






THE COMBAT UPDATE MADE IT A DELAY BETWEEN HITS
id love to see a return of cops and robbers
We want vanilla cops and robbers back
I am inevitably 

Tony stark: hold my beer

Thor takes beer and drinks it
Wait what when did he start to do this again
Did this just come back or did youbtube mess up
HOLY CRAP BATTLE DOME!!!!!
WE WANT VANILLA COPS AND ROBBERS!!!!
We want vanilla cops and robbers
We want Vanilla cops and robbers
WE WANT VANILLA COPS AND ROBBERS!!!
Please do vanilla cops n robbers
what a shame that your time of fame is over but for me you are still the best, in memory the time of skydoesminecraft now skydoes everthing, thanks for uploading a video for the first time and we all miss your time, a fan, with love ElGio2006
feels like 20something
Hey we want vanilla cops and robbers
Yeah bring cops n robbers back
Vanilla cops and robbers would be great!... now I’m thinking about chocolate ice cream...
Please do vanilla cops and robbers
We want vanilla cops and robbers
I haven’t watch this guy in like 8 years
We want vanilla cops and robbers
We want vanilla cops and robbers
Go fix the quality plz
Hay sky I have really bad bipolar depression and your videos help me from commenting suside
im so glad your back
Chocolate Cops and Robbers. How about that?
I WANT VANILLA NOT CHOCOLATE NOT STRAWBERRY VANILLLLLLAAAAA MINECRAFT
Vanilla cops and robbers please!!
Its just not the same as back then 😢
Do the vanilla cops and robberes
Bring back the vanilla memories
I don’t care what sky does he should do what he likes or what he wants. We’ve always enjoyed it when he was doing his own thing so why not just leave him be
will you do midnight 4 with aphmau
we want vanilla ice cream and robbers
Wait... WAIT... THOSE ARE EYE PATCHES?
Talking about minecraft parodies..... SO MUCH NOSTALGIAAAA
Well,well,well, what do we have here.
You should do a video with Ross!
You had me with Battle Dome
Hi sky I know you probably won't have time to read this or you may on some miracle but I've been with you when I was about 6 and I've loved everything you did hell your the reason I even got Minecraft and I watched every video I could till I had to sleep but no matter what happens I'll be here watching you play anything or even listen to your music (I do like your music cabin crazy is my favorite) but the point if not clear already I'll be here for you 😁
Shrek is a good hero
Vanilla 👏 Cops n Robbers 👏
vanilla cops and robbers would be cool
Yeeeeessssssssss
Vanilla cops and robbers
We want vannila cops and robbers
BRING BACK COPS AND ROBBERS PPPPPLLLLLLLZZZZZZZZZZZ
I miss his videos <3
Hey we want you to do whatever makes you happy
cop amnd robbers vanila i want
Change back to SkyDoesMinecraft!!! Please!
FLUFFY!!!
Mine is Spider-Man he was funny in infinity war and endgame
Hey Sky welcome back ^-^ Love the video, kinda wish y'all used the super hero unlimited mod that one looks and feels so much better but cool minigame nonetheless. That reminds me, are you planning to do mod reviews? Those were my favorite :)
vanilla cops and robbers would be nice
I would like cops and robbers
Vanilla cops and robbers :o
Id love to see vanilla cops and robbers
Cops and Robers vinilla.
So, not about the video, just something I thought was awesome. I'm playing Minecraft right now, and the yellow text on the main menu says "Like that Smash button!" Maybe it's not what I think it is, but I choose to believe it's an homage to Sky.
W W W E E E E E E E E E E W
Happy 10th bday minecraft
omg its Sky does micraft
DO VANILLA COPS AND ROBBERS
Do another roommate season
Yes vanilla cops and robbers
I miss vanilla cops and robbers
Not for long Hahahahahahahaaha💀
It’s too bad Deadpool hat to die in endgame.
Has 11 million subs. Gets under 2k likes
OLD TIMES!!!!
Bro adams a noob again 😂
Y u subed to t-series!?!?!?!?
I'd like a vanilla minecraft
IM HERE NOW!!!!!
Òw - wÓ
Sky can destroy Thanos with the power of Minecraft
Yes vanilla definatly
Do vanilla cops & robbers!!!!!please!!!
Vanilla!!
Vanilla!!
I just got flashbacks
VANILLA!!!
I want vanilla cops and robbers
We want vanilla cops an robbers
did someone said my name. BIG CHUNGUS
Vanilla cops and robbers is approved
We want vanilla cops and robbersssss
VINILLA COP AND ROBBERS!
Bring back hypixel bedwars
o there not re upload z
Feels like back in 2013
We're bringing old Sky back
VANILLA!!!!
oh my GOD BATTLE DOOOOOMEEEEEE
Zeeeee intro tho
"*weeeeeeeeewwwww*"
You should try to get ssundee to play minecraft again
Brhv u need a better mic
Can you unprivate your gta videos
Join callmecarson's Minecraft server
YAYAYAYYAYAYA THERE BACK
Vanilla cops n robbers!
When are you gonna record in 1080? It is 2019
I just want cops and robbers
our lord is back
missed you man
Make old vanilla again it was great
bro my childhood
He still be playin minecraft
I MISS BATTLEDOME SO MUCH
Cops and Robbers would be awesome!
Atleast he isnt the andrew garfield version od spiderman
Whats a Butter slapper?
OMG UR ALIVE
wAIT YOU CAME BACK
I like Thor
I miss ross in your videos
club ice best minigame
this is bootiful
Could it be!?
I am inevitable.
3:05 8 mile
Vanilla cops and rodders
Vanilla Cops and Robbers
vanilla cops n robbers
Is this the real sky?
Vanilla cops n robbers
Vanilla Al the way
WAIT YOUR BACK
oooOOooooo
Goku dies in endgame
Sky please bring back cops and robbers
first
What is the IP address
Roses are red
Birds can fly
I have Schizophrenia
So do I
ωєєєєєєσσσσσσ ωєєєσσσσ ωєєσσ
Nah I prefer chocolate
Sky does war crimes
Ah the memories
Do do not laugh plsss
I like vanilla
I feel young again
Bring back the butter age
Vanilla cop n robs
Weeeeoooo!
Weeoooo!
Weeeeeooooo.
Weeeeeeeooooo...
Vanilla! Vanilla!
I want vanilla, yee
#skyarmy
Do normal cops + robbers
U fell off
cops and robbery yes please
am i 10 again
Epic intro bro😂👌👌👌👌👌👌👊✌👏👏👏
wow i messed this
Vanilla bean plz
Vinilla cops and robbers please
Vanilla cap and rabbers
I miss netnobody
Buttttteeeerrrrrr
2nd
Vanilla c and r please
I needed this
Vanilla cops and robbers
Oi, mate nice vid
Second
Hell yeah
🖤🖤🖤
I luv u
Vanilla cops and robbers please
Yeah I want Vanilla
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeew!
Vanilla cops n robbbersssss
I want vanilla
There’s a mod called superheroes unlimited that a little better than the one used in this video, but I’ll let you figure it out
Vanilla is nice
Nice m8
I’m just here for the memories
I like the crappy mic tho
U and mitzan uploaded at the same time
Vanilla cop and robbers
Vanilla
Vanilla
Vanilla
Vanilla
Vanilla
Vanilla
Vanilla plzz
weeee
helwwo
Great video
Sky are you ok?
Yes dad
I forgot you was a thing.. memories are best left for the past
Sky army is back
What happened to ross
second
Vanilla
Vanilla
I want the vanilla !!.....coffee.🤓
Vallia
Vanila
What
Love to the vid great job :)
VANILLA!!!!!
VANILLA!!!!!
Hi sky
VANILLAAAAAAAA
Tony
Still ?
Play fnaf
Adam unprivate you sky vs gaming  videos the were so good
1337
Beans
Vanilla is boring
It's my first time back and not gonna lie this vid was kinda ass no offense tho it just seem like no energy was there
>:3 I’m first!
F Live your vids sky
Glad your doing better man been here since 2012 how is ross and barney
Bbbbbbig chungus?!?!?!?!?!
Hi
Sup
#fastclickerz
U should put music in the back ground video felt dry
Reeeee
k
:3
That intro tho
Beautiful butter
I love this
Dc is better than marvel
“I keep throwing my pick at the Super Diamond, idk”-Sky (best quote)
Brilliant intro Sky
My nostalgia
Iron man. ?
Always here for you
play smash heroes again sky I miss that.
Gimme good o'l Cops and Robbers





And Give me a youtuber with a decent mic
VANILLER YEAAAAAAAAH (Vanilla cops and robbers might be cool to see again)
I’m so happy you’re back you made me happy when I had a bad day or was upset.
this is so weird
nInEtEeNtH!!2!2!3!!1!1!1!2!3!2!1!
That into omg I remember
(Flash backs)
WEEEEEEEZY
BUTTER
APPLE
BACOOOOOON MAN
(Cut back to now) 
Ah the good ol' days
You know he is reposting old vids
I just got Déjà vu
Its  been a long time since ive seen battle dome.
I'll happily watch vanilla or modded minecraft. i'll watch whatever you upload tbh
Vanilla cops and robobers
Did you mean sunglasses
Only uploaded 5 minutes ago, haven't watched it yet, but I'm liking it first because it's Sky, the hell else you want me to do?
We want vanilla cops and robbers uwu
Cops and robbers was the best!!!!!!
Adam has all my uwu’s 😎
Vanilla cops and robbers please
Good old battle dome memories of bajan destroying. Good times.
Please tell me you will be playing Minecraft again, if you just post this and then stop again, I will cry
This is the only minecraft letsplay i am willing to watch in 2019 onwards
47:19
AntVenom: "i just found 2 ender pearls"
*looks at chat*
You haven't aged a day meme intesifies
It is adorable when Adam was excited he met a dolphin in game so cute
i dont remember in which (thanks you james keaney for correcting me) version you dropped off minecraft but gotta tell ya with no spoilers
the enderdragon battle has changed alot
Can’t believe sky forgot he beat the dragon before
Sky, remember, with you, the sky is the limit!




No? Ok.
I want Adam to Join SMP Live.
Use schlatt coins to get a ride to the end portal
Join SMP live with callmecarson
Hi sky love your videos do you plan on making any more music my favorite was la light
I really like how sky sounds like a real person and not some overhyped cracked out kid's youtuber also SKY STREAM ON TWITCH
Watching Adam slowly learn more tricks and tips about current day Minecraft from ant is a refreshing pace from rampant mini games.
JSchlatt is crying
I can’t believe that sky would play with Hank Venom, the same man that likes stall. 
[Jshlatt disliked that]
Sky: breaks wood with a pickaxe
Me: heavy breathing
The phantom has been broken for a while, Ant

I really want a minecraft cape.
Who's watching this after Sky came back?!





Trick Question: Everyone Is.
Me: Finds enderportal

Also me: we are in the endgame now
Good old Sky back to the old grind👍
#favoriteyoutuber
Been watching since I was little boy.. man I'm 18 now thats crazy How long its been. I support you💯 keep up with the good vids man❗💯
I'd actually would like to see sky play D&D. What do y'all think?🤔
if Sky sees this, dude ur the best amd u made my childhood better. thanks dude.
Roses are red ketchup is too. I got my first like. Wait why is it blue?
Hey sky I love your videos and you make me smile
Ant venom should bring sky to call me Carson’s Minecraft server just don’t mention stall...
Ross will never be forgotten
Its been 2 minutes, no hate but my OCD sences are kicking in because you spelled it dragron EDIT: YAY HE FIXED IT BTW THANKS FOR 14 LIKES
Ant: I'm imagining really intense music playing while we're mining.
Me: plays United States of Smash from MHA
I've literally been waiting for you to do more stuff with Taylor since that fucking ancient Turtle map. I'm so happy abt this series lmao
Adam glad your back I want to hear your amazing laugh again makes me laugh every time 🤣
thank u for inspiring me to make youtube videos, i hope one day i can entertain alot of people like you!
Sky, pls join SMP live. Antvenom is a star in that server.
Wait... 

Ant and Sky let’s play to know how to play Minecraft? 

Pete talks about a future UHC? 

Will worlds collide?
I'm all in favor for Adam to play on the smp live server with CallmeCarson
They still have the classic texture pack available, BTW Sky keep up the work!
Sky
You know what you must do
Bring back the army
Ty 
Tru Mu  (he might be hard.he's been of YouTube for 9 months 
Ian (i know he's a clickbait monstrosity, just try)
Jerome
Ant 
And anyone else. Reunite the army
Hey I love your old video so you should do a mod show case.
The Gold ingot looks even more buttery and delicious than ever before 😋
I AM SO FUDGING HAPPY YOUR BACK DOING MINECRAFT BROOOOOOO
Love the series so far Sky 😄
not 100% sure about those ender pearls but ok
Is sky using double w click or ctrl to sprint?
Edit: AntVenom, dolphins don't breathe underwater. They're mammals. B o i
The sky army will never falter!

Sky army for life!!!
im happy that he just doesen't JUST do minecraft and changes his content a lil bit



Edit: idk why neither of his channels have not been offical yet
After all these years he never changed his intro and I forgot about him man those good old days I still miss
"Uncut" they said XD
#LoveThisLetsPlay
This is like a podcast just with gaming.

Edit:

Anyone else here the plane

Edit Part 2:

Adam:Ooooooooo Theres a dolphin!!!!!

Me:Awwwww that's adorable
Adam could you try the crash landing mod pack again??? And maybe do a play through
That moment when you both passed the stronghold xD
My God, this brings back so many memories.
HANKVENOM 
like if u get the reference
"Overall they arent too different"
 Im not used to them. Everything looks weird
“Ender Dragron”
Nvm he fixed it
I’m 17 now started watching u play Minecraft when I was 12 idgaf how old I am ur the only Minecraft YouTuber I’m watching
Idk if bed explode in the end anymore but that is totally a viable strat if it still works.
back to the good old days love ya sky💯
I’m so happy he’s back man two childhood hero’s back together again
Remember when a chicken was Sky's roommate?
You did /give at the end cmooon :(
If you use pickaxe to mine dirt or wood, you lose two durabilitty insread of one.
Love this series and I’m so happy your doing well 💕😊
pls make vids with max, ross, redvactor, and shubble again
This series is so genuinely enjoyable guys! Love it 💛
SPIN ME LIEK LIGHTHOUSE...ant reminded me of thatsong :DDD
Will you ant fight the wither and the elder guardian
Ik Adam has depression but his voice... It sounds so sad and depressed
Really want to see Skys reaction to new mobs like dolphins turtles and other new stuff
Hello sky,do you have like some where i could send fan mail or like a p.O box?
I guess you could say this is the
ENDGAME
(Plays Sky singing the Avengers theme song)
Hey after you beat the Ender Dragon you should make a new SkyBase, like the one from your first letsplay!
Are you still planning on letting us watch your GTA vids on skyvsgaming?
releasing the video weeks after it was recorded nice
This is great. I love watching you play again sky.
Yay, I've been waiting for episode 3!
Do you remember,
The recipe for Eyes of Ender,
Use the blaze rods we got from the Nether
On the pearls so they'll float awaaaaaaay.
hello adam sup?
I remember when u got millions of views and everyone at my elementary school talked about u 😢😭
Sky , Ant 🐜 Venom , awesome 😎 lets play Video . Btw whats the seed for this map 🗺  i like collecting map seeds .
I want you to join SMPLive. It’s a server filled with stars (like Joe Swanson and Gumball voice-actors), Antvenom is also in the server with other funny YouTubers such as Carson and Jschlatt.
Wow . Only 3 to defeat the ender dragon 
 Ant is a god player
It's good to see Sky back, especially his intro.
I thank Adam doesn't know that 2 people can be in a boat
The begginning of the vid...
(Why's Ant laughing at a Skeleton?) Sky looks up What's tha- oh, it's a Phantom, what's it doing? Ant insults the Phantom It's not meant to do that XD


,  Good one game XD
47:18 AntVenom a cheater xD look at the chat!
Sky I love your videos and I hope (and know) you will keep up the great work!
Sky should remake New World. It's the song that mainly started his singing career.
It's nice seeing you back and on your feet man👍
"My singing voice just doesn't sound very good."
I hope this is a joke. Please someone make 2 hours of antvenom singing
ADAM!!!
THROW AWAY YOUR WOODEN PICAXES AND THE STONE SWORD SO YOU HAVE MORE ROOM IN YOUR INVENTORY PLS.
and thank you
also make an axe for once to chop down the wood you need to get out of your way
Sky is me when I see dolphins lmao
More minecraft with ant vanom again
So you're underground dwellers? Might as well to get confortable.
Ant is so sweet and supportive of Adam omg❤️
Hi Adam I just wanna ask how's your day been? If is been bad then things will get better as the week goes by. And if it's been good then good you deserve it! Also I've been a fan sense team crafted and have always made me laugh. I believe I was 8 or 7 when I started to watch you. I'm 15 now soo keep up the good work. 

P.S. You coming back to being sky made me happy but you can do what ever and still make me happy
so glad that you’re back 💛 keep doing you
Can you do a minecraft parody with ant venom?
He “found” 2 ender pearls
I usually find the portal under a village
Hay can you make try not to laugh again pls
I love His songs the song through the night I SING THAT EVERY DAY lol
Love you adam😚
You play minecraft still I thought you were done with it and after so long after I come back your playing it again.
Hey Adam you felling ok?
You don’t have to do Minecraft if you don’t want to.
Just do whatever just know I’ll support you no matter what. 
Please feel better and do the content you wanna do.
Sky should join HERMITCRAFT , i would watch him react to all the builds and talking to mumbo jumbo or other hermits.
This vid snuck into my recommended
I'm very happy rn
YOU SUBSCRIBED TO SHENPAI!?!?!?!?
This video triggered a part of my memory that I had completely forgotten about.
Sky seemed genuinely happy at the dolphin part and I swear my heart almost burst
Glad to see the oldest game getting back together but sky if u or anyone is reading this 
We miss Ross
We miss barney
We miss max
We miss red
We miss aphmau 
We miss Ross (I know I already said Ross but god damn it I miss him)
We miss the whole gang
Please try and record with them because they are amazing people.
Sky not to be that guy but wait before hits, if u spam ur going to waste ur sword and not do that much dmg,like so he can see
Skyyyyyy please can you do more mod showcases, also, miss butter, im super glad youre back though, thank you
I was 11 when I first watched your mod showcases. I'm 17 now and I'm glad you're back to doing what you love to do
Please, MUCH more talking, people loved your personality.
They should do a battle dome vid
The Old Magics
Your doing really good. Keep it up!
Episode 3 and they already have Iron and Diamond Things XD
That music brings so much Nostalgia
They sound so calm, it's actually really comfortable to watch as a play Xenoverse 2... please bring back Xenoverse 2...
Ant u really gotta teach this man how to use a sword 😂
not a fan of this being uploaded by the time 1.14.1 came out and they've said 1.14 isn't even out yet at the time they've recorded
I really hope they find one of the new villages I'd like to see sky/Adam's reaction to it
Dude im as clue less as sky when he is playing!! Damn Minecraft change so much
Bring back teacher!!!!!!
ok, is it just me, or sky voice is like he's dead inside, or did he lose his voice? and the only time I heard him sound normal, is when he said something about a CHICKEN.
Dragron thats epic
I miss cops and robbers Oof.  :c
I’m somehow subscribed but have not ever got a new video in my sub box
u should bring back mod showcases :)
I got a challenge for you for do not laugh and you slapping Ross in real life
This series is neat.


'Nough said.
Man how I missed sky does Minecraft back in the days. I only watched him all these years 🤗
Why didn’t you get the emerald
Sky has to watch jschlatt Minecraft parody tier list
Ask to be in the SMP LIVE server
47:10 ant said he found two ender pearl......yet it said [gave 2 ender pearl to antvenom]  LOL
Well there's 1.14.1 now, so it's no longer the latest version
17:54 when sky threw away the iron sword i killed me because if you put an iron sword in a crafting table along with another iron sword it heals it
Can you unprivate your gta videos
Sky I have been subscriber since 100000000 plz bring back try not to laugh with Barney and all the good ol crew
Ok so if you want extra help here you go 
.
.
Your gonna want to grind ores till you have a good supply of iron, gold and diamonds then your gonna wanna prep for your best option if you were gonna die a lot of times so first set of armour should be a mix of enchanted iron and diamond, a strong bow will be good for ranged attacks and finally potions and golden or notch apples
So YouTube messed up and now I am subed to channels I had unsubed before but I am keeping Sky
Thank you sky thank you so much you cure my depression
I just FOUND two enderpearls.  Ok Ant
When I found out that you were back to playing video games I damn near pissed my pants
Carson should add Sky on smplive
You should get a public discord server up
Jchlat intensifies *
Really enjoying this...Keep it up sky and ant!!
I LOVE YOU SKY!!!💕💕
Before notification squad!
Adam I’m so glad you’re back
Need ?Ross Sloth
You need to join smplive with ant
23:08 Somehow I got a turtle stuck in my boat. I left my boat for a couple of minutes and came back to a turtle being in there lol. I can't punch it out either
Sky sound so discouraged from the game plus i thought he was done with minecraft
Adam's videos always bring a smile on my face everyday.
Dam ive lost my phones for a phew months and i come back and sky started minecraft again what a good day to be alive
Great video Adam!! been a fan for a while, can you increase the brightness for future videos so we can see in the dark with you?
I miss your gorgeous face😢
You ok bro?u sound a little sad in this vid
guys know when carsons streaming?
Wait he still plays?
Please just contact all of team crafted and bring back my childhood for just one video ... I'm talking everybody .. do something because really nostalgic watching your stuff
Wow. They are great at this. It takes me like a month to find a end portal lol.
OMG ITS HANKVENOM!!
I want to see Sky in SMP Live
He's doing minecraft again??? I'm going to cry😭😭
wonder if he will ever go back to his old spaztic and loud self
Wow Hankvenom will help beat the enderdragon with Adam, but not jschlatt.
Sky seems different. He's not laughing really loud or screaming like he used to
I was playing minecraft earlier with my friend and a phantom got stuck on our house minecraft may be a bit drunk
You found the Stronghold way later than you were supposed to.
Good Job!
Sky stole jshlatt's role in deafeating the Ender dragon
I think I'm the 18th comment, so nice
Adam is either playing on a controller or a touch pad
"ender dragron"
Glad I found this guy again.
"Derp"...Haven't heard that in years...
OMG IT FRIBMING HANKVENOM
So how do you beat the ender dragon?
Commenters that is 




My way is to get invis potions so endermen wont attack me
A efficiency 4 or 5 diamond pickaxe to mine endstone at the end to climb the towers
A potion of regeneration 2 just incase i run out of golden carrots/golden apples
A power 5 infinity 1 bow 
A sharpness 1-5 diamond sword
A full set of enchanted diamond armor
A bed outside the stronghold
A map in item frame incase i die and my bed was obliterated for sum reason
Strength 2 potion 
Speed potion (longer)
A  enderpearls
Enderchest incase i run out of regen potions and golden carrots/apples
Glass bottles to get dragon breaths so the purple thing wont damage me 
And then just stay at an obsidian tower and start snipin the dragon 
If it shoots the purple things just use the glass bottles to either reduce the duration or completely remove it so it wont damage yu
A shield for a reason that i forgoten
Andd i think thats it
DERP PHANTOMS ARE IN LEUGE WITH THE DERPY SQUIDS
It always seems like sky is high when he records lol
"Dragron"
You left me hanging 😢
Jschlatt is apparently bipolar
YES the Adam i know is BACK!!!!!!!
WHEN ADAM SAID HE WAY BAD AT MC I ALMOST LOST IT BRO YOURE A MINECRAFT VETERAN
RIP blacksmith
Composed
Yeah depression does that
PLAY SMPLIVE W/ CALL ME CARSON
OK how did you get all the ender pearls?
Only og’s remember escape the jail
This boi so high
Hey sky! You should play Warframe! A very great mmorpg one that you dont want to miss out on and would make for a very fun playthrough should you find nothing for minecraft content!
Hey sky guess what my favorite cartoon invader zim is going to have a movie this summer on Netflix if I see it I'll be harder better faster and stronger puts my arrow head tail blade against sky's neck you wouldn't be able to defeat me with my power at maximum HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA plays omega flowey's theme
Do you still like BUUUUTTEEEERRR ❓❓❓❓❓
An intro an intro my kingdom for a intro
Love u sky!!
U guys are in the endgame now😉
Phantoms should be attacking at night
Going to try to be a bit more energetic? Am I missing something?
When I type sky does in YouTube, it's not everything, it's Minecraft.
we need the ol' crew back together
Sky is playing with hankvenom
Sky join the smp live
Ant to Sky: You smart, you loyal, I appreciate you
Yes im gonna cry😭😭😭😭
aw he didn't put his sound  up for the new end portal sound
Dude his intro hasnt changed at all
God I missed that intro
And first like Sherlock
>Nostalgia intensifies
Did you cheat😆? Lol
I thought he gave up minecraft??
I missed you Sky!!!!
He sounds so depressed of the 4 years of this game
Its been so long 🤗
Phantoms are only nighttime mobs in Minecraft
I loved it when he's so loyal in minecraft and never change to other games... Not like the others.
"dragron"
Being me minecraft parkour u thumb
You guys deserve to be in hermitcraft
At first, I was confused as to why they were so monotone but then I realized it's realistic. Normally when playing a calm game like this it isn't endless screaming. We forgot this due to be constantly exposed to  theatrics of YouTube.
Adam r u enjoying this - just making sure
I stayed up till 1AM on a school night to watch this all the way through. These videos bring back serious nostalgia of the 2014 days even though you guys are playing in 1.14.
#SkyArmyForever
sky is definitely not ok you can just hear it in his voice
You guys who are new have no idea how sad i was when Adam first did his feelings video. I was here when he did his first roommates video. So Around 3 or 4 years ago, and i will always be here.
I refuse to watch any other minecraft videos
I want Adam to join smp live
Always glad to see a new episode with you and Ant.
I think Adam is unhappy with what he is doing... he dosent sound the same, I love Adam doing minecraft. But I like his well being better
He really loves those wooden pickaxe
is adam using a trackball mouse?
what is the seed of their minecraft world their using?
Jschlatt has left the chat
Please start swearing again the Minecraft community is older now and I think you could start swearing again
Welcome back my dude
phantoms are scary, especially when you go back after mining and like 5 phantoms are circling you.
YOU ARE BACK YAY IMA CRY
Join SMP Live
Who remeber ross
Sky sounds so bored
Continue on maze runner plz
Only 90 kids remember do not laugh with ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSS
Wait, he still does Minecraft?
Youre able to change the texture back to the original
It’s crazy coming back and seeing this again after the last time you were making content was like... years ago when i was way younger, talk about a blast to the past and the flood of memories..
Episode 3!?
24:24 I diagnose you with Logdotzip
My favorite series !
That’s unfortunate seeing as 1.14.1 was updated today..
Oh my gosh I grew up watching skydoesminecraft and just now I are subscribed and shed some tears of joy to see him posting Minecraft videos
Try playing rainbow six i think you and us OG fans are gonna like it
389th 
Like
just me or sky dosent seem as happy as he use to be
Man I miss the old days 😞
Sky- defeats ender dragon and pulls a sasuke then loses in 3 seconds
You sound so dead inside good lord-
Jeff.
Subzeroxtabyte remember the fallen
YAYYY NEW VIDEO
ADAM, PLEASE PLAY WITH CALLMECARSON
Adam needs to make a collab with Carson
Schlatt feels betrayed.
Sky, do what you love. Don't let someone who tattoos his name on himself walk all over you. Be you. We love you for you and always will
New ender dragon is kinda annoying, he hit me with the charge (why is the hit box 1 block past his wingspan!?!) and made a 90 degree turn and pulled up- lobbing me off the edge. Was too late by the time I scrolled to the ender pearls to recover as I didn't expect it.
Adam should do SMP live
Where the mods showcases at thoo??
Why do you sound so depressed in the beginning my man, be HAPPY. ;-;
hank venom be like
Does he know about igloos and polar bears?
I hope sky do a video of  do not laugh :)
Plz convinse ssundee to play with you
I like your new background
Please join SMP live
Adam are you alright? You don't sound too well in this video health-wise
DO SMP LIVE
Jshaltt going to be pissed
damn sky has officially died lol
It will never get old looking at antvenoms derpy head with his eyes messed up
end portals are in stronghold villages
Wait he’s back for good ?
Oi mate, I am here
Cursed the 11 people who disliked this video
Crazy craft with deadlox, and Jerome?
Sky for new SMPlive member
Yo you should play with callmecarson
the beautiful skydoesminecraft is back
Ant, please tell him to not waste his diamond pick on wood...
My hero is back!
I love this
Note: Like any other mob, during the day, Phantoms try to find shade but since they're in the sky they can't so they end up flying around your general area without attacking you until they die.
This better be a resuscitation to minecraft
This awesome thanks sky
My chest hairs are satisfied
Tell hankvenom hello
HES BACK?????!!!!!!
FIRSTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
COPS AND ROBBERS
Love to see u back
He’s high in this
#Tysleftfoot
#BringBackMinecraft
33:57 that got me good
Back from the dead
Ily man
My old friend, you have returned
Bro sky sounds so depressed are you ok sky?
Do some jump maps plz
LOVING THIS SERIES
I think I’m the only one who think Adam sounds high or something...
3 ADS!?
Low key when Adam has been playing Minecraft. He seems like he wants to die. Tell me if I'm wrong?
Please play Minecraft murder 🤗.                🔪
If you can craft you can mine...!
So you guys should put beds down and sleep so when you died you'll be back at the portal
Nice 👍🏽
Cops n robbers pls
Adam I need help😥
The gamer is back to gaming
wow 3 minutes ago
Stop spamming your sword if you see the little bar under crosshairs when you swing your sword wait for it to charge full then swing
25:53 Hankvenom got the green-top
make a bow
This is honestly hard to watch because the change of Adams voice compared to way back when makes me so sad... He’s been though so much and if you’re reading this Adam, I hope you can be happy or as joyous as you could be in life as you were before.. Love you lots
im so happy watching your minecraft videos... without them... the 'youtube' part of my childhood is incomplete
Ok I’m being honest I haven’t seen your vids since I was a kid. I’m legit watching your new vids and I like it idk why???
Sky does Minecraft again
HANK
Bacon man should go to pancake place!
I’m glad your doing Minecraft again
Unfortunately, these can’t hold my attention like they used to, but I still come and drop a like.
Sky is not funny any more
16th comment
sky is so chil
Childhood = restored
🐐🐐
U guys are really akward
The best part of this video was the advert that previewed before the video started.
Loved the video 😀😁😄
Build a house
ha im the 69th comment
I love you vids
omfg              nostalgia
Why does Adam sound depressed in this series
It was just kinda derp
He hath return
Adam is awesome!
Adam seems like really confused all the time here
Bob Ross
New world the song
Bacon boy
It's great to see Adam playing games with friends again. I love your videos and am really glad to see you doing something like the old days.
Sky sounds depressed 😞
Your to late
You know what they should add butter and bacon to Minecraft so I can eat them in game just as much as I would like to in real life.
you sound so empty its so sad
Nostalgic so nostalgic
Grab a boat ⛵
Yay new video
Shur-ker-ler
Dragron
Unstoppable duo
31:27 Dolphins don't breathe underwater lol
What ever happeesnned to ethan? Ik he never shut up but he was cool
2:53 enderman can spawn in the nether
Wigogogabama.
neat
I love you Sky
I don’t mean to spam, but you should join smp live lmao
Et re ft fast t
So this is where hank venoms been
Derp
I can’t believe that Minecraft is going on 10 years.
Minecraft
It’s crazy how irrelevant you became after 2015
Sky isn't yelling enough
Wy douse Adam sound so tired is he ok
26:30

Sky : What the F--... What the heck?
Hi
Sky my friend got hardcore friendzoned what should he do
Lit
My favorite Minecraft YouTubers do a colab? Am I in heaven?
Nigward
Haven’t watched you for a while, like Sky’s new voice, you should try being a voice actor for videogames, it’s wonderfully deep and generic(which is a good thing at times).

You should try intentionally deepen your voice a bit more, it’ll sound heavenly
What ever happened to the roommates series

Or the pirates series ?
Schlatt be jelly
Is it just me or does sky sound dead inside recently? Like he sounds uber depressed.
I am a big fan of sky and always will watch him
ive been a long time watcher and i just wanted to say i love your videos so much
Adam, pal, you dont have to play this if you dont want to
Bro y are you sounding so down if you don’t want to do Minecraft don’t do it
Ok
Thank you for counting Minecraft Adam your awesome and we all think you are amazing
Ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooooooooooooooo tttttttttttttttaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyoooooooooooooooo skkkkkkkkkkkkkkyyyyyyyyyyydooooooooooooo
Minecraft Parody of a NetNobody song?
Sky my dad said when he was working out one the gym shone came on (no joke) just thought I should let you know your music is a success
Lol it’s annoying how antvenom has to justify everything he does, just cheat lmao we don’t care
I got 2 questions for anyone: 

1) what's a good minecraft mod pack
2) why is sky's minecraft look different mainly his menu screen from ep.1
Just realised how glitchy the game is😂😂
Like he mined four lapis and got 26 of them😂😂
Wow
Bruh
1st 500
Sky sounds dead asf
Dolphins can't breath underwater
Hey Adam I know you get these types of comments a lot but thank you for changing my life, you made me want to make youtube content,  you helped me relax when I was upset or stressed, you showed me the how important true friendships are and you truly positively changed my life as a child, so as a now 19 year old "adult", thank you.
Hey Sky! Been awhile since I’ve seen you round! But um..I was wondering if you would ever play a do not laugh with Max,Ross,Red,and Barney every again..if not that’s perfectly fine I understand!!anyway Live ya sky! GO SKYARMY!!!
One of the rare minecrafters who hasn’t gone to the Fortnite side
Wholeikmeincrafffff?!
hi
What the crap it happened again
Will you ever play with Ross again
Why does sky sound depressed that makes me not wanna watch him sad playing this game remember sky you don't have to play this for us
Peasants!! How dare you not use butter armor and tools!!!
When I was a young child, I use to watch Sky everyday on my moms laptop whenever I get back home from school. I have matured (probably) now and I no longer enjoy Minecraft videos. Glad to see you coming back from your tough life.
I HAD NO IDEA YOU STILL MADE
 MINECRAFT VIDEOS
The one dislike is the phantom that died during intro
1000 views in 5 minutes.
Dang
Its like a baby
I'd say you are still very good at this game it's just so much has changed since you played last and what ever fields you have degraded in will be picked up fast.
HANKVENOM
a
nice
Why does he only have 400 likes????
GIVE HIM MORE LIKES mostly to show support and love
.
Wow sky
is this reuploaded and if not im very happy he started making content again
im confused just got here is this sky like right now or just re uploading episodes.
I’m glad some of the OG friends are back. Most of em are either in prison or registered sex offenders
We can tell you dont enjoy playing this.
He lost his humor and he was more funny
Adam, you don’t seem the same man.
Hankvenom
Yo Sky please don't go down that road because I've seen so many YouTubers with 10 million Subs which is basically you and i see them with 400k views and then like oh my God they have died please don't become that one of them please be like more hype or something get our attention and just in general be fun you know not to be rude but it seems like you're heading down that road and I don't want you to be there
I enjoy the awesome series
It saddens me that adam isnt as hype or as loud as before
How’s your son?
Sky's back!
Now what?
Are pay to win games gonna dissapear!?
Poor jachaltt
Ah yes the wither, back when it was still only but a mod
First like, first comment. Hey sky, I'm glad to see you're back, you were my childhood man.
Dantdm: uhhhh

Ssundee: FORTNITE FORNTINITYE FORTYNITYEE

adam: OG MINECRAFT PLAYER
please tell me this isn't an archive episode I hope this is new i want sky back
First
First
First
Can anyone tell me what the heck is a corox seed?
Who's Here before 100 Views?
six
first lol hi <3
First :D <3
my dream is to have 14k.




I am hoping to hit the goal Before The End Of May❤️
is it me or did sky lost his sense of enthusiasm in this
I AM CRYING TEARS OF JOY😭😭 SKY IS BACKKKKKK PLAYING MINECRAFT. ASSEMBLE TEAM CRAFTED AGAIN!!!!
Adam... I may not be in the right place to say this, but you don't sound happy. Please don't quit on your dreams. Don't quit on yourself. You tried music, it wasn't bad. Try again, you'll do better. Keep trying. You sound so unenthusiastic. This video is lazy. The editing is lazy. This video is almost 50 minutes long. Why? I started watching you in 2013. You were happy then, enthusiastic, excited. Six years later... you're depressed. You're bored. Please, do not stop chasing your dreams. Your real dreams. Take a break, work on music. Work on what you want to. Get a job, whatever position, in the career field you want to see yourself at the top of. Even if you see this, I understand that you may not respond. That's fine. Please just consider what I''m saying. I want to see you successful. YOU were my childhood inspiration, and I've worked so hard to be successful in my own life. Yet you don't inspire me anymore. Change that. 


with love, 
beef man
Are u copying Max(mithzan)🤔😡😠🤬
Me when sky breaks the wood with a picaxe [TRIGGERED]
CAn i ask why the quality is so much more terrible than before?
This guy right here was literally the sole reason why I decided to get a YouTube account
Our childhood is coming back do you feel it?🤧
Its so nice to see you back at it and smiling again Adam. Keep fighting on man you helped me so many times as a kid so im completely here to support you all the way! Thank you for being to hero to everyone here cause I know I'm not the only one that got encouragement and happiness from you and your content! Love you man and always will!
I like how Sky's intro havent changed for a long time
Thank you for inspiring me to start YouTube! I hope i can entertain alot of people like you one day
Lol been along since team crafted lol
Holy crap
You feel like you used to
You screamed and talked and made jokes and had life
I dont know what you've gone through but I hope that this means something to you. You've succeeded in giving me goosebumps, making me cry, and smile within one minute.

I wish you only the best
Minecraft: is dying on the YouTube platform


Adam: hold my butter
yew my drug is back








Kids dont do drugs, but I missed the videos so I had to :D
WOOOOOO SKY IS BACKKKKKK
This reminds me of the era of minecraft in YouTube
The one that involves everyone improving their base.
That era always seemed satisfying. Just watching this island grow is cool.
Remember when everyone had those sick “butter” backpacks in like 4th grade. God those where good times.
I love you sky love your videos and i love your personality
Thank you for taking me back to when I was younger watching your Minecraft  videos, big nostalgia trip. Welcome back recruits.
My heart goes whoosh when Adam talks
It’s the return of the king 
Adam comes back to minecraft
You where the best part of youtube 
And youve come back and easily took your spot back.
Im a senior in highschool and i remembered when i started watching sky as young as back in like middle school dude. Its honestly nice to come back to this 😂
I have his minecraft backpack with budder on it
Oh my god I miss sky’s videos, I used to watch them when I was like 6 and I’m 13 now
I love sky so much playing making our day the best and pushing through it’s so inspiring to have him to look up to
This right here......makes me feel genuinely good
I miss Ross 
😢
has vietnam flashbacks of sitting on my couch all day and watching this
You just need to scream at random times for no reason then these vids will be perfect
It’s a spooky world out there, where if you sing the Pokémon theme you could get copyright striked
Dude i miss u
And ssundee too he got addicted to fortnite its sp bad i want to die.
START DOING MOD REVIEWS AGAIN, you have the power to revive the modding community
Adam: "Oo 300!"
Marvel Fans: crying in the distance
your mic sounds like 2013-2014 mod review and team crafted sky
I feel bAd for sky to be honest compared to when he first played minecraft with Barney and bodil and stuffs like that he was so energetic now he seems depressed
Sky and fluffy 


This brings tears to my eyes
woah is Adam uploading videos everyday now?? NICE!
Anyone else been here since his first mod showcase
Jerome: this is the longest skyblock I've done 
Me:you did an 11 episode skyblock with mitch
I'm so glad you stuck with minecraft.
Not trying to lie but you need to be more positive. You're not laughing or making any jokes. I miss you man. Still tho keep up the work
I've missed ya, hope you're doing well friend 💕💕💕
Adam 2018: you want Minecraft well your not gonna get it

Adam 2019: HEY GUYS SKY HERE AGAIN
I'm super late but I didnt know you were back! You seem happy!
Am I the only one that thinks Adam isn't happy doing these videos?
Been watching since 1mil I'm so happy your back
39 view 57 likes?!
I think YouTube is drunk again :O
Ah yes, my daily mandatory dose of stress relief, thanks Adam 

You always make my day better
Good to see you again adam 





People probably miss that butter look
That moment u realise 2 of ur favourite youtubers watch the two tv shows you have on you wall
The flash and the arrow 🙂🙂
How the video looks like.. it's like the Sky's old Minecraft days
Wait omg! My fav childhood YouTuber is back! I think im crying!
Keep it up Adam I've been loving the content
I'm the 5th like😂
Love sky ur so crazy but cool! I am quite ill at the moment and I've been binge watching your videos, I think I might of died of boredom with out u!🙏🙏
Remember this




ROSS ROSS
THUNDER MUFFIN
Why does he sound so ded
bring back the try not to laugh challenge, i know team crafted doesnt really exist anymore but my heart will be complete when i see that come back
Pixelmon please! I need that nostalgia
That intro always make me so happy
RuneScape but if it was a clicker game
Aaaaah, I just love seeing you back and honestly happy!! You're amazing and keep up the good work dude!
It’s been so long........glad to see your back at it
I like how the Sky army has been around for years with so much history. You were my favorite youtuber since I was in elementary. I'm a junior in high school now, it's amazing. We love you sky, let's keep going.
Came back after 6 Yrs and he still play mc I am so proud
Oh jeez I just watched my first sky video since I stopped watching him 5 years ago wow
Omg you’re growing again!!! So happy 😭😭😁😁😁😂
"hes almost done hES ALMOST DONE.. sIxtY NinE!!!!" xd
FLUFFFYYYYYY NOOOOOO youre not the most handsome you what is








butter
I love Arrow and Flash sad that Arrow is ending next season
Hey adam,glad to see you playing.You were the first youtuber I have ever watched.Adventure of Lava island was the first thing I watched.i have been watching for about 8 years.keep up the good work.
You are one of the main youtubers that have given me the inspiration to be a youtuber someday.
Thanks.
You make Minecraft vids again?
Haven’t watched since like modded prison break.
The nostalgia when I see the intro just ugh I missed these days
Soooo he had an identity crisis? has he tried running SEUS PTGI E6?
if that runs it can run anything
Can you unprivate your gta videos
I LOVE YOU ADAM  AND ALL YOU'RE VIDS <3
Holy trigga
An ultimate Miner? Idk why but the first time I heard this, I wasn't looking at the screen and I thought Jerome meant Minor.......
Yeah....
Hi Adam! Have an awesome day dude. Ur doing good with these vids and hope you are doing better!
gosh i remember when you did hide and seek in ihop with aphmau, ross etc.
You should bring back MinePranks, Sky
My childhood YouTuber is back 😲🤧 missed ya
WAIT, MY CHILDHOOD HAD RETURNED!!?!?!?!??
Omg the old intro it makes me cry
Adam I am so happy to see a fresh new Minecraft video again!
Hey Adam, hope you had fun making this video and playing the game, I hope you're doing ok. :)
I play Archon HQ's Skyblock at Genesis
SKY! Love that you have returned, but you have to change to 1.12.2 when playing on the skyblock server. That's why all the glass panes, fences and chests are separated.
I'm so glad Adam is back to 2014 Adam! it reminds me of drug run and stuff like that. it even sounds like Adam from 2014!!
They should try skyfactory 3 through twitch.
Omg i am so heckn happy you are back uwu
remember in team crafted  when Adam knew how to sprint
i love you vids iv been watching for 6 years
Love the videos can't wait for more netnobody
I want to see a new roleplay series




Like if u agree
30 min video of Jerome and Adam building a house?
I had no idea that Sky returning to Minecraft was what I needed in life lol
Bring back Cops n Robbers ;-;
omg my childhood YES youre back aaaaaaaaaa. It's been over 5 years mate. since I was freakin 10
I've been watching you and been with you through everything for 5 years now I started watching you when I was 9 and I'm now 14
Your the last 2 team crafted who play minecraft keep it going
SKY I hope you can read this.

it's good to have you back because you're the best! but i have a question do you really want to do this? cuz from your recent videos you sound like you're tired or maybe sick
So glad this game and you are becoming relevant again. My childhood is being resurrected
its been many years that skydoesminecraft use that intro
Been here since jailbreaks and mod packs
Been watching since the first custom map
lol
What if this is an reupload
Love you videos as always, man!
Yes!!!! 😂😂 I'm 46th in the comments
I'm glad you're back playing minecraft again and having fun :> years of watching you back then feels so nostalgic now. Feels great. Thanks for your awesome content 💕
I swear any time I feel sad or lonely and I just pull up on the Sky's videos and I get cheered right up. Anyone else?
I miss Ross R.I.P the sky crew 😔
why does his gameplay look so robotic
11 million subs, only 37 K views.
He should do season 2 of maze runner like so he can see👌
Hey
yt drunk again 1 veio 16 likes?
i CAME FROM THE JOHN MOD AND I MISS DE SQUID GUY.....is he still here?
Re re re re
Makes you better at parkor
When I saw that intro it felt like 2012
Yeah I'm gonna take my horse to the cave down low.  I'm gonna mine til I can't no more
I watched you sky when I was like 4-10 u till you quit a even got a plushie and hat of you and met you and real once when you quit I cried I’m so happy to see you happy again
Sky help...i got very f***ing depressed and i feel like major poop
OMG IS SKY BACK HOLYSH#T SUPP SKY
you should play on the Smplive server
FIRST
Is this a new vid or reuploaded vid
Is that the old sky intro 😭😭 I’m so happy
love your vids sky
Love your old intro :)
The revival of minecraft the revival of legendary minecrafters.
Who remembers when sky was the most subscribed Minecraft you tuber
Are these reuploads?
I was having a bad day till now thx sky
Oh I missed that intro
First
I’m so glad he took his spot back
Adam, I must warn you seasons 4 and 6 of the Arrow are really bad but season 3 and 5 are really good
Who came across a nostalgic Minecraft video so they decided to watch their fav minecrafters against?
Dear Sky, kindndly bind your run key to shift and crouch key to left control.
start a series on survival on rsmv.net again i miss those videos
Dang my childhood as returned...
Anyone else been here since sky’s first survival
The best part about sky returning after a long time is that all of the haters decided to leave! 3k likes and only 26 dislikes!
Just curious, is this a re-upload from before? O.o
Adam seems so depressed while playing but in just glad to see him back at it
This is some hella forced content
I love your minecraft videos and will you do a do not laugh video again
U still exist ? ... AHHHH NOSTALGIA ... So happyyyy
keep at it
Wait, is this a old video or is this actually him now
Thank you so much for being back Minecraft, you were my childhood from like 8 years old to 13
THE MAN IS BACK PPL
I still remember the days of team crafted
I like how the majority of your viewers are probably like 15 now because they missed there childhood
He mentioned Arrow and The Flash yayyyyyy
Jerome needs to build a god betty
You basically raised me. I used to watch your videos everyday back when I was little. You used to be my favorite person, and you were actually my main inspiration in my childhood years. I'm now a teenager, but it's glad to see that you haven't changed much. Thanks for just being such a cool dude
I love Flash and Arrow
Do a mod review that will be perfect
Remember a time when you have eleven million subscribers they all got notifications when you post of how the times have changed
He just sang the Pokémon theme 😢
Bring back DNL or somthing
Started watching adam in 2012 and still watching
RANDOM SCREAMS
Wait this guy is a thing again?
Can you make a server for mcpe
I need to get something off my chest.
When I was a kid I hated you and for a completely stupid reason.
I was salty that you called gold butter.
However, I still kept watching your videos despite this.
No matter all that, you were a part of my childhood and with the glasses of salt removed I am so so happy you're back.
ouch the intro hit me in my childhood
MORE DO NOT LAUGH AND GET BARNY , ROSS. OKWARD, JEROME AND DEADLOX!! LIKE SO HE CAN SEE
I love how energetic Jerome is during this video
If you’re not watching this at 3am like what else are you doing lmao
I’ve been here since prison break
Your sounding alot better!!!
I love your vids and clicked as soon as I saw the notification
sees title hey man thats illegal did you see what happened to the fullmetal alchemist when he tried to revive the dead he lost a leg
Build the sky house
This was legit my childhood
Try not to laugh pleaseee with Rossssss
HES COMING BAAAACK! 💛
We need a team crafted returns
HES ALMOST DONE HES ALMOST DONE
69
team crafted for life i will never leave :)
This brings me back.
I missed him so much
11th commenter 33 liker xD
Try to make a diamond and gold statue that would be awesome
OH MY GOOOOODDD I WATCHED U LIKE 5 YEARS AGO AND YOUR BACK YAYAYAYAY
(This is not my main account)
Intro starts cries I have been watching u for the longest u helped me thu my toughest times now that I am all grown ready to start life with the person I love the most and knowing ur back and smiling again reminds me of all the times u made me laugh when I couldn’t thank you and I will always be here to support u
yeaaaaa rosssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssa
\
Despite the fact that he still sounds a bit depressed. He is still doing his best. And it makes me shed a tear
Watching videos I watched when I was 5. I strated to cry I miss these videos.
Wow. I didnt know he still made videos. I remember back before fortnite, when there was only java errorsa and his mod showcases
Thnx for continuing to post
I remember watching this as a kid makes me so happy to watch.
yayyyyyyyyy we got the old sky back! REJOICE
OMG YOUR BACK
your the best
The Return of the King
When you check in on one of your favorite childhood YouTubers after remembering that he went through a rough time sorta kinda recently and see that he literally acts the exact same as when you were still a kid.
The good days are back!
can you do more modded cops and robbers
wow that intro gave me nostalgia
Sky needs back: face cam, his crew (my favorite, Ross), role play plz
im sooo glad your back my chiald hood hero and person i looked up too is back you in coureged me to do yt minecraft because of you i always went through laugh im glad your back and happy
Keep being awesome Adam.
Now that’s epic
i came here for nostalgia from my childhood it’s good to see someone who helped and gave me a smile on face back
Thank you for my past
the return of the king
i miss adams yelling :(
This serisly  brings tears to mt eyes. I never thought i would see this ever agen.
I Didn’t Know You Two Were Still In Buisness...
SKY ur sensitivity is too low
I love this <3
Man  I want to watch the gta vids but I can't because there private
Ahhhhhhhh loud butter
Hey adam, i decided to check on you again and i really hope you and your family are doing great!
-> SkyDoesMinecraft -> SkyDoesEverything ->SkyDoesMinecraft
I really hope fortnite never exist😣
Oh mah lord... he is back
Omg you’re back
This doesn't feel like the Adam we all once watched.
Apple juice..
You haven’t aged a day
Adam I'll just save this in case your video gets copy righted
Okay so I'm legitimately crying MY CHILDHOOD RETURned you're the sole reason i started playing Minecraft
I've been watching this nibba when I was 5 and now I'm 14. Bruh
I haven't watched you in years
AHH MY CHILDHOOD
i’m done with minecraft (x24)
Been here since 2014!
Sky you are the best YouTuber ever
The last time I watched your videos, I was like abt 10? Or 11 years old. For some reason, I just stopped watching because I got addicted to other games but then right now, I was just scrolling through my yt feed and found this video which really gave me the chills and a nostalgic feeling. For abt 6 years I havent heard about you guys and I'd be honest I missed yall and I really dont know but I really feel like getting back into my pc and play minecraft again

Just wanna share
Finally Jerome is first place
Wow i haven't seen a sky video in years, thank you youtube for recommending this to me.
He subbed to t searis
Get new intro. New start new intro
Ayee it’s me CherryBabyy lol
Omg DADDY ADAM is back
damn i tried ruining the magic of first
but damn theres 2 firsts and 3 seconds
:))))))))))))))))
The king has returned.
AHHHH I MISSED YOU
Idk if you guys would wanna actually do this but I'd like to see a vanilla playthrough with you two
You haven’t aged a day
I missed the videos so much
Now we need GTA and weenie butt again
wow is better than runescape
A bit deceptive if anything...was really hoping for a way to convert stone into diamonds for factions.
Do one where you turn dirt into butter
I cant wait for more
👍
WARNING: The server is full of immature kids, trolls, bugs, and unsupportive mods. Brace yoursleves
OURCRAFT is Yours as much as it is mine, Let’s build up the Minecraft Socialist Movement.
Must be awkward playing again
13th
SkyDoesWomenbeating
The legend returned
No one knows why i have 0 likes :(
OMG MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK
turn up stuff
Return of the king
SSUDEE BEST
Return of the king
anyone else remember his mod showcases?
play with rosss
this island lookin fine af
NO THEY NEED STONE TO BUTTERRRRR!!!!
Ah. The old days.
Didn’t he quit Minecraft?
YAYYYYY
You are the REASOn why I decided to persue youtube when I was a young kid.
I just found out you're back on the minecraft scene today, and oh my god I absolutely adore this! You were the first taste of minecraft I've ever gotten and were what allowed me to play it. Seeing you back on minecraft is bringing back so many fun memories. Watching you back on here is making me want to play Minecraft even more than I have been. Thanks for being my childhood man! I was here since 2013 until you left mc, but I'll be watching every single video of yours from now on once again!
This is still too nostalgic for me.
Man seeing that intro dude omg I remember watching you on my tablet in 2015 and even before that keep it up and I’m glad you’re happy with your self
I’m 17 now man
0:02 nostalgia at its finest
Hope you get famous again
we want more antveom stuff
minecraft may be dead. but at least ure not also big oof only 41k views sad. hopefully u blow up and become big again
Dude you should totally do a video with a bunch of your old friends after they all went their seperate ways and just do stuff! A hunger games or bed wars maybe? A build battle? God we'd love that SO much!
Sky Jerome and all the other of Minecraft players literally made YouTube
Adam, I know what you are going through. I had depression I tried to commit suicide 11 times, I cut, i did all the worst things. But I got through, thanks to you. If it were not for you I would still be trying to commit. Thank you and I will watch you too the end. Also my fav series ever is your try not to laugh series. You also should talk to Ross.
Wait your back
The only one who remembered us🙃
things are just as they should be
It's great to see u back u we're me and friends big inspiration to start YouTube and make videos
Reeeeeeeee
Adam hows your day been and how are you
Why are less people watching him now?
Sky sounds so dead
AAAHHHH
HES BACK
Awesome i love sky with jerome.
Everyone is commenting how they are so happy that adam is back.. Adam doesn’t even sound happy right now.
Weenie Butt
Who else misses Ross?
Yeet
Is it bad I still have the sky and jerome plushies? I saved them since I got them!
Sky and Jerome were always the best two. So glad these two are still friends and recording.
Remember watching sky as a kid
Save some women for us
We got sky’s head as well .
Yeeaahh
God has returned
doody
Its so sad to see that ross,barney and red have abandoned adam like they have 
Although im happy to see that adam has found a friend in the bacca and he has helped him get back to almost his old cheerful and happy self
Good manecraft
This mans is dieing
Yes...Bring back stupid,funny adam
love u
Pls do do not laugh again
We need to get Adam more views back
our god has returned
Change your name back to sky does minecraft bro
I remember sitting at my mom's desk on her computer watching your videos. This brings back happy memories.
Your awesome
is he drunk ?
Thank you
Love it
I 1
wait what
Nostalgia
We want vanilla cops n robbers
didn't you stop playing minecraft?
Oi
Been here since the crazy craft days. I hope you are doing good for yourself Adam.
I feel like a kid again
<3
<3
ALSO! play with the old crew! like play with rossssssss, barneyyyyyy, reedddddd, Minecraft uniiiiiivvvvveeerrrrsssss and etc :)
Views and hype slowly dropping, mini games are boring and dead.
Dad's back guys
:)
Scuffed
Butter
Adam how about pixelmon with jerome?
Woo woo
😂
happy
Ayeeee
Oh no, not the red arrow...
Have another video with Jess!!!!!!!! Aka aphmau
Ok cool you’re back
Hi
Thank god sky is back to minecraft. Its been about 4 years.
Wait,Thats illegal
I’m crying. Sky still sounds the same and better, and I can’t believe my idol has come back. God I love Sky so much
Um can u put a face cam or cant u not or is it hard to do it?
Bring Ross 😥😥😥🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
REMEMBER WHEN SKY DOES MINECRAFT USE TO DO PARKOUR VIDS
REEEEE
More Minecraft 101??
Mod reviews?
Do not laugh please
BRING BACK EPIC JUMP MAPS
I started watching you when I was 7 years old when you released the video of you saying you will never play Minecraft again it broke my heart and now I m just wondering on the internet and out concern I wanted to see your name again and now I see you making more Minecraft video s inside me I know it not the same.
change that fov foo
Man its weird to see this back, I just listened to the offical podcast with you a while back and it's kinda just jarring to see sky back after not watching for like 5 years
Yeet
I thought he didnt like this game anymore?
I remember Sky, he made me always thought that gold was actually butter because he used to phrase that, and whenever I had a buttered toast I got scared because I thought the butter would be hardened gold and if I bit it, my teeth would break lol.
Minecraft is actually getting popular again
Still doing minecraft, huh?
Wow new vid in 10 years
ADAM!!! STOP DA SPAMMIN!!! You gotta wait for your sword to raise back up, otherwise you will only deal half a heart to no hearts of damage. There is an option that shows the cool down in one of 3 places: under your cursor or on either side of your toolbar.
love usky
Why is sky like meh, this game is boring and not hyped at all like his friend
Why does sky sound like he wants to die
Heyo!
You really don’t seem like you want to be doing this. Don’t do it just because your fans want it. Be happy.
Nice
this guy thought he could do what joji did but took a fat L and a dip in views instead
Hey there person scrolling through the comments. Have a great day!
Yay!
Yes you're making Minecraft videos you can thank you Skye
11 million subs and so little few views, sucks to see a God to fall
Please tell me I’m not the only one who heard him mention that he has a gf rn. I really hope this is true because I hope he found someone nice and hopefully she’s not like...someone else....
Last time I watched SkyDoesMinecraft I was halfway through fifth grade. I don’t care that I’m 16 now and a Junior in High School, Im gonna relive some nostalgia now :)
Hey adom i was watching old videos for nostalgia and wanted to check out sky vs gaming and i ask you can you please unblock all of the sky v gamming vids if not i understand please and thanks
The videos are highkey funnier with face cam
Everyone is too caught up in their own needs “OMG MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK”. People really can’t see that Adam doesn’t want to be here? He sounds so depressed. He should be doing what he loves, not playing MC because his 10 year old fans want him to.
Yay
Sky...we need to talk I looked at your subscriptions and do you know what I saw t series wanna know what I didn’t see...PEWDIEPIE WHAT ARE YOU DOING WHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYY pls don’t leave hate just joke
Um, what's this... nostalgia for playing minecraft at the library in middle school and watching sky does minecraft cause a 13year old  girl didn't know how to download mods.
Oof
wait what Minecraft the chosen one he's back let us celebrate to the mead hall
You’re the only reason I decided to get a YouTube account. Just wanted to like your vids.
WHATTTTT
Y u sound so depressed?
Does anyone know the feeling where something is so nostalgic you don’t want to go back to it because it’s too sad
Play with ssundee plz sky
jk
you used to be so popular but then pewdiepies username turned out to be something that makes people forget the name sky does minecraft
You dislike and your gay
Second
second
second
Do epic jump map with deadlox
Where is net nobody???
im happy to see that youtubers i watched as a kid can still  be around to this day i mean go look at ssundy stampy ibalistic they have all changed or gone but sky u stay strong
wait a minute when did adam come back to minecraft? i thought he got a singing job. i look him back up on yt like after 4 years of waiting and hes back!!!!!
I
MINE PRANKS!!!
Hey if you do more try not to laugh I thought up an idea for you, use the sims crystal hat, build a small pool and act all happy until the ladder to leave the pool gets broken, then just look up at the person in the center and say "why". then die, have Ross dressed up as the grim reaper walk to the edge of the pool and say "fifth one this week, huh..."
Roses are red
Ketchup is to
I got a like....
But why is it blue? :O
Jerome: HELP SUPPORT THE SERVER
Me: 
Jerome: HELP SUPPORT ADAM AND ME
Me: joins
Sky best youtuber in da world 🌎
Who else on the hype train for the new AoT seasons?
There is no reason for Sky to play because the crew is not here like Max, Jess, Red and Barney
You seem happy! nvn
Jerome is such a sell out, he sounds scripted. Adam doesn't seem interested aswell, most likely just doing this series for money
My heart cannot physically handle a cops and robbers episode. Please do it ❤️
It feels like 2013 again, everything back on track to a happier time.
Sky is back 

I am glad

I missed him so much

Now he uploads a lot

My relationship with Minecraft is stronger

My life is  
Who else has been watching since the sky does Minecraft series like the original one
I LOVE YOU ADAM SINCE THE BEGINNING MAN no seriously, much love to you and your growth as a human being over all ❤️
Modded cops and robbers! Love you Adam ❤️❤️
You should do pokemon cops and robbers for the dective pikachu movie
Jerome: “Can we steal their kidneys?” 
Sky: “yea” 
😂😂😂
Your the first true YouTuber I started watching since 2014
Omg!! Please do Klub Ice once more 😂😂
Do a sonic movie themed cops and robbers. Glad you are back uploading Minecraft again.👍
I need sky to see this

Which is better??
BUDDER or the nasty squid
Play Cops N' Robbers with NO MODS! That would be interesting!
This came in my subscription box
Cops and Robbin my heart. Jk jk but keep up the work guys😂
Oh my God if i see Sky do a Cops 'n' Robbers again after all this time I'm gonna cry
It's not Cops 'n Robbers without the original crew. If you can still get in touch with them, you NEED to get them on!
Red light green light cops and robbers with blimps, preferably with that one custom vehicle block mod OR the red pill and escape this prison that you call reality prison
How about Cops N' Robbers with the Mortal Kombat mod?
Modded cops and robbers with CELEBRITY GRILLING DOG GEORGE FOREMAN!!!!!!!!
Team Crafted Cops and Robbers!?... Ok that's a little much to ask, but Man's can hope.
THE NOSTALGIA ;-;

IM CRYING. I REMEMBER BEING SEVEN AND TURNING THE VOLUME DOWN SO MY PARENTS WOULNT HEAR THE SWEARS XD
I want to watch Sky play some BODIL parkour maps with deadlox and MCU. Man that would be a major nostalgia trip
MODDED COPS AND ROBBERS IS A MUST TOO EVERYONE LIKE
Modded CAR! :P

Also I wanna see more DNL (Do Not Laugh)
Yea do cops and robbers, and just classic cops and robbers! Maybe you can get the old gang as well! :D
YO WHEN DID ADAM COME BACK I'M SO HAPPY!!


Btw I have been gone for a while since he quoted minecraft
Ah yesh It's been a while since I see your videos : D
Cops and robbers mod suggestions

•DC superhero/villain mod
•marvel superhero/villain mod
•Any anime mods
•Assassins creed mod
•anything you think is cool
I legit got goosebumps through the intro
I see adam discovered the zoom effect 😂
Born too late to explore the earth, born too early to explore the universe, born just on time to explore r/dankmemes
Hell yeah man, do a Marvel cops and Robbers. THICCNOS
Thank you sky. Just thank you.
I miss the pirate series
i watched him since he started
and when he stopped kinda made me upset, because he helped me through everything i was going through at the time, when i was upset i would watch his videos to cheer me up.
this is so nostalgic i feel overwhelmed because i remember me and my friends would just laugh so much while watching these videos :((
Smash bros coos and robber's 



|
|  
|  leave a like to agree
First comments be like: "I see no God up here, BUT ME!"
Ah it feels like I've gone back in time modded cops and robbers
It seems the name of this game is a Monsters Inc (Incorporated) pun/parady named lol xp
Haven't been back since Adam stopped making videos, I am so glad I came back.
YES! BRING BACK COPS AND ROBBERS! ❤
Remember Sky, you don't have to play it if it starts getting boring to you again. We all care for you.
Other than that, YEAH! WHOO! SKYS BACK!
Jerome: speaks
Adam: y e s
What if you did that creeper maze map?
He attac
He protecc
But most importantly he came bacc
Yes. Please do play cops and robbers
I LOVED THIS GAME SO MUCH this makes my heard W A R M
You should do this with 5 man teams or something
Sky remember what i sed in the last video that i wad with you when you only have 1 million subs :P
Dude modded cops and robbers PANDORAS BOX
I remember the rivalry between JeromeASF and BajanCanadian
WOO! 
used to love this series and am SO glad that it's back!
Lets bring back club Ice!!!
I'd love some more vanilla cops and robbers to take out of context
Love it when these 2 play together lol I also remember the herobrine series and yes....we need cops n robbers
Killer Rabbit you say????
JESUS CHRIST
GET THE HOLY HAND GRENEADE
1, 2, 5          3 SIR
3
Ross?
Aphhhh?
Barney?
 Anyone who isnt a kiddie findler? 
Shelby?
Can we get a vid with most of the OG members
Who has been watching since the old school mod showcases
You should do a Kingdom Hearts 3 Cops and Robbers
please do a derpy squid mod cops and robbers!!!!  Thanks for the laughs Adam!!!!  :)
Jerome is so positive, love this video Adam❤️
hey sky, i’ve been watching you all my life, and i can’t believe your back. keep working hard and never give up!
Guess who’s back 
Back again
Sky is back
Tell your friends
do jojo's bizzare adventure cops and robbers I would love that since it has been 4 years since I saw the good ones
I'm glad he's back but he just sounds so dead inside
More modded cops and robbers, but less roleplay, and more tornadoes.
Team crafted cops and robbers would be so nostalgic
I'm so glad you're feeling better Adam! :3
Has anybody else realized that the sudden increase in Minecraft overtaking Fortnite started just about the same time Sky came back 
Coincidence I think not
Feels bad t9 not see the old friends and your old voice and humor, but Im still with you till the end! ❤️
ENDGAME COPS AND ROBBERS!!
A ROSSome Cops and Robbers
Thanks sky for being one of my biggest aspects of my childhood, I’m almost in the 11th grade.
Adam your the best man! I am glad to see you back and feeling better! Have a good day man i will pray for you every day dud! 😁
;:o being early what is thius.
What an.. interesting intro! 😂
Team crafted cop and robbers!!!
Dude no fucking way. My old account was banned and I make a new one a few months later I thought about skydoesminecraft and see this beautiful magnificent ancient master piece remade in a good way.
Who remembers team crafted is it back even?
Unmodded cops and robbers, it's been awhile.
ive never unsubbed and ive been a loyal subscriber part of the sky army i love cops and robbers and i want to see just a regular one
Your an inspiration for a lot of people we all love you keep up the good work
Jerome: says something.
Adam: yes.
the server ip is tallcraft if anyone wants to play the minigame, however i just noticed that they are using a modded version of the map

also yes adam pls do more cops and robbers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im so happy adam is back and he seems to be enjoying being back too! I hope he will never suffers like he did before again
i like the part where he turns on the facecam
I really like your guy’s modded Cops And Robbers, you should do those
i missed your videos
Bruh if sky does cops and robbers my heart is gonna explode
SKY PLEEEEEASE DO ANOTHER COPS AND ROBBERS and maybe a read your comments video
Sky can you do next the Scp foundation mod on cops and robbers plz I miss you so much 😭😭😭
Cops and robbers: teach Adam how to use 1.9 combat
Love your videos I really miss your videos when I saw you were coming back I was so happy 😁😁
I would love to see a cops and robbers but the cop is a squid and stuff; or a cool Rune Scape were the warden (doesn't haft to be) is BOB and to escape you gotta lv up your stats or something funny I rely think that would be cool.
Holy, YES PLEASE!
SOME COPS AND ROBBERS PLEASE!
A very nostalgic cops and robbers was definitely the tornadoes mod :)
Im so glad that you made a mob-industries video. I reqeusted it the previous video and it happend. Feels like christmas. Keep up this awesome videos. Thank you Adam
Hey Adam, hope you're feeling and doing better, and I hope you had fun playing. :)
you shoukd play this minigame more this is awesome
you should make a teacher video! those and cops and robbers were my favorite back in the day <3
I JUST WATCHED THE WHOLE MAZE RUNNER SERIES AND YOU NEVER DID SEASON 2 PLEASE DO SEASON 2 WE NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT!!!!!
Flint & cops & robbers.
get okward indestries back and thatguybarny
nobody:
sky army: IT’S NOT GOLD IT’S BUDDER!
I don't know if I would be able to handle the nostalgia if we got a new cops and robbers...
do it
Cops vs Robbers again this reminds me of 2012 thank you for helping me grow up these past 8 years❤
Holy frick I completely forgot about this game. Memories
More of your video's 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Omg!!! THE OLD SKY Army INTRO
Maybe Do Not Laugh themed Cops and Robbers. You gotta make the warden laugh and if you succeed, you get to escape.
COPS AND ROBBERS WITH ROSS that would be so rosssome
GUESS WHO'S BACK!
BACK AGAIN! ADAM WITH SKYDOESMINECRAFT!!!!
YES COPPS AND ROBBERS YOUR GONNA MAKE ME CRYYY
OMG I LOVED THIS MINIGAME!
Ahh feels like the good old day. But this time around im 19 and im coming back from work and not school.
if you guys did cops n robbers again i would probably have a heart attack ❤️❤️❤️
Omg yess ADAM do the Superhero cops n robbers pls XD Ps: that was my favorite
YES PLZZZZ BRING BACK THE GOOD OL DAYS PLS WITH BAJAN, SUNDE, ETC PLSSS
Skyrim cops and robbers because Skyrim 😋
DETECTIVE PIKATCHU COPS AND ROBBERS!!!
I'm only 30 minutes late


Am I early?
Modded cops and robbers with the mod that makes you small and the small blocks mod 

Make a copy of the prison in the prison and escape twice or have two different prisons
That Intro
Damn Nostalgia
DO SUPERHERO COPS AND ROBBERS like old times \(o_o)/
Loved this. I'm happy you've come back and you're videos are still funny and entertaining. You made my childhood better from 2013 onwards. <3
We missed you Adam
Regular cops and robbers with the gamer gang
Cops and Robbers: Doggie Daycare edition 
     Prisoners are different types of dogs
     Cop is the kennel employee (it would be funny if the whole idea being that if they fail they’re fired)
remeber epic jump map with Bodil40
Hey Adam I noticed you haven’t made any videos with Aphmau aka Jessica. How come? Are you guys still talking and planning any more videos in the future? I would like to see more videos of you guys again, I really enjoyed those videos and would love to see another!
Ps I wish the best for you. And Mason lucky to have you as his father.

-Love from your biggest fan!
Sky can you bring back the facecam pleaseeee
The modded cops and robbers is an absolute gold I mean budder. I love it!
Comment if you know sky worst enemy from his early days without looking it up
Do a good ol classic Cops and Robbers to remember the good old days
i would love to see something with Klüb IcE , it would be so fun! :)
sometimes reliving your childhood hurts.
Please, do a round of Cops and Robbers! 1.0, 2.0 or 3.0, just regular C&R without mods. I’m so glad to see you back, Sky!
Can you bring back the gang you, max, Ross, Barney or red for do not laugh
A mixture of all the Mods from your ten most popular cops and robbers videos
He sounds so bored...
Much love my dude much love ❤
I’m so happy you’re making videos again, helps to watch when I’m stressed
*sees intro me: I’m not going to ask
You play minecraft again!
The rabbit attack reminds me of Monty Python. RUN AWAY!!!!!!
I missed Adam so much MY CHILDHOOD
oh my gosh please do cops and robbers again ❤️
Yes..
YEs..
YESSSSSS
COME TO PAPA
Cops and Robbers Club ice edition and please use a better mic ty
Shape shifters modded copa and robbers
Is it me or is his new art dope
Yes! Play Cops & Robbers it will bring back some good memories
Why I’m I getting creeper maze flashbacks?
I would like to see the tornado mod again for cops and robbers! Or Transformers!
you should play divercity 3
Hey shy would a modded survive thing be a well a thing, it would make me happy, also how ya feeling
I feel there is not as much editing idk. Not complaining or anything.
Hey adam you should attack slower since theres a cooldown thing for it, if you spam attack weapons deal significantly less damage
Barebones Cops and Robbers boys!! Go classic!
Play cop's and robber's with the all the team crafted plz
Can there be an orespawn cops and robbers
PLEZ BRING BACK KLUB ICE!!! Plez i miss dat ^-^
Cops and robbers 🥺.....
Wait your back man? I'm happy
Cops & Robbers but instead of escaping prison youre trying to escape life's problems
Omg i remember when you did a moded cops n robbers but it was like you can gorw big and small that one i loved
ima say this like i always do sky is back im happy and butter is butter gftfgufguagautg love ya man good vid
Hey! Not entirely sure if this mod works anymore, but could you do cops n robbers with the attack on titan mod?
YAY NOTIFICATIONS ARE WORKING
Who came to the comments expecting Skyrome shippers but instead actually found wholesome comments?
See you say comment below on what kind of prison video so I say: melon massacre
Game of Thrones Cops and Robbers?
Man 666 likes 👌👍
Avengers Endgame
 cops and robbers
Skkyyyyyyy do an anime themed cops and robbers
Do a modded cops and robbers and do a Marvel one with Thanos as the cop (if that model exists at least)
Do a classic cops a robbers vid not modded
Modded cops and robbers on the classic map
Play with Shaders my boi
I recently bought minecraft and logged into my own account. I played a survival world, died to a creeper, when I had 5 stacks of iron bars, and half a stack of diamonds. Instead of being furious, i was happy. Those memories came back, and i did that all because you reinspired me to play minecraft. Thanks adam, much love from a 7 year long fan :)
PARKOUR WITH DEADLOX AGAIN
Let’s get a cops and robbers video NOW
I want to see the normal cops and robbers, no mods, no role play, just the pure classic
Cops and robbers and teacher were always my favorite
Cops and robbers is cool and all but.. you should do a mod showcase, remember primitive mobs? They updated it
Pork chop party!!!!! 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Oh sick I love monster industries play this again!
Adam!!!!!hows your day been bud?
My old account was here before 6 million but I remembered about you and now I’m back
mjhfjfyiasdfghjkl I remember THIS AA
I would indeed love to see another cops n robbers!
Sword of the Wyvern is a reference to terraria’s muramasa sword
Can we have SCP modded cops and robbers?
Yes we can finally go back wow long shot to the past
Cops and Robbers would be lit
that was epic ahah you guys massacred steve and roro 😂
I WAS NOT READY TO CRY AT 1Am okay
Classic cops and robbers with the OG’s plz
Sky: you wanna play cops n robbers soon?
Jerome: YES YES I DO
Leage if legends cop n robbers
OMG MONSTER INDUSTRIES
Cops and robbers tomorrow Adam. MAKE IT HAPPEN!! Please.
Pixelmon cops and robbers, with a portal gun
LETS RE UP ON SOME COPS AND ROBBERS
MODDED COP N ROBBERS! XDD
DO MORE COP ROB AND DO MORE CRAZY CRAFT SURVIVLE
I acually had tears of nostalgia when I saw you still played minecraft
Jerooooome!!
og vanilla cops and robbers please
Yes! I love it more Minecraft
I forgot how much I missed Sky does Minecraft.... And Minecraft in general
Sorry for leaving the libe stream
Does he not do his own intros anymore
SkyRome


like if u agree
Cops and robbers: endgame edition
This is amazing
Lol you and Jerome always make my laugh
Please for the love of god play cops and robbers
Lightsaber Cops and Robbers
lets do a throwback to the time Jerome gave sky the tornado summoner lets do another tornado cops and robbers that video makes me laugh for a solid five minutes straight every time I watch it
#beginingviewer lol do the original cops and robbers
Been a few years kinda thought you died glad to come back and check to see you're alive
it’s so surreal having these show up in my feed again
Were all become boomer now
I don't know why but I have a really big craving for CLUB ICE! Oonsie oonsie!
I'd die for a new cops and robbers yo
Yes cops and robbers please! 🤩
Do regular cops n' robbers, but have Mitch.
Scp mod cops and robbers?
A Pokemon cops and robbers (again plz)
What would Ross say Ross:yea
191 - 192 I has a question what happened to everything I hope that your better now because I was worried about you and just to let you know you don’t have to listen and do everything a commenter or subscriber says ok if you need a vacation or break others should be fine with that there are plenty of YouTubers out there who need support but I’ll always support you from afar 😊☺️🥰🥺🥺
Regular bops and coppers! With peepeeole who
Build craft cops and robbers
Standard cops and robbers will do for us
Definatly modded cops and robbers
waits for more Cops and Robbers....and Do Not Laugh
I remember when sky does Minecraft played a lot of cop and rovers and cool maps with mods and back when he was good he would talk about gold xd
I'm so happy that you play MC again!!!!!!
Return cop and robbers with the return of the tornado disaster
WE MISS DA GOOD OLD DAYS
PLZ PLAY CRAZY CRAFT AGAIN AND BRING BACK MODDED HUNGER GAMES
YOU’RE BACK YES
Do sonic cops and robbers
Can we bring back Klüb Ice?
I'm confused... Is this like a never uploaded video from a while back or is this new and Adam is doing minecraft again?
Remember when ross was a narwhal?
he protec he attak but mostly he bring childhood back
Cops and robbers club ice 3!
Not gonna lie when you left I was sad
When did ksi bar drop lower then your sub count ?
Thank you for fuelling my childhood
OMG YES! cops and robbers!!!
Feels like 2013 again. Happy times, happy times
You guys should play with munchingbrotato,xrpmx13,and Mitch.
Play with aphmau and preston
IHOP COPS AND ROBBERS
PLEASE
Can we get a usual/normal cops and robbers, that was really fun to watch, like the watermelon special?
: [)
Anyone gonna tell Adam on how the attacks works now?
Been here since the end of team crafted and the start of netnobody and and now
Are you gonna try doing stuff with Jess/Aphmau again ?
YES MODDED COPS AND ROBBERS
Do more of this!!!!#!
Pokemon cops and robbers with orespawn
No views but still 6 likes
Yes definitely more cops and robbers
Another cops and robbers? I approve.
YES cops and robbers!!!
Your back! REJOICE!!!!
Play moded cops and robbers on a NEW map!
Please do More Teacher thing
OMG THIS GAME IS MY CHILDHOOD
#skyarmy
Omfg I love this game
Squid cops and robbers and sky being the only non squid
This just makes me feel like I'm 9 years old again. Thanks Adam, for bringing back that childhood me.
Modded flops and dobbers with the budder mod. In the kitchen, all the bread is budder and that is the only difference. Your food is only budder.
Watermelon theme, I’m still waiting for part 2 of the Jerome house building tutorial
Lover u skyyy
#cookedporkchopparty!
POKEMON COPS AND ROBBERS PLEASE AND THANK YOU
dew it and hit the try not to laugh again sorry it's up to you man I'm just recommending
Missed with guns please notice this I think it would be funny to give the cop a pistol ant then have chests with guns hidden around
Adam, you should bring back do not laugh. Or modded madness
Avaritia CaR! The Warden gets the sword and the bow, the armor and the endest pearls are hidden all across the map! Except for the chest plate which will have however many on the boat due to flight
Omg that intro good memories
Next minecraft parody when
Do cops and robbers with the weird mod
AHHHH OMG YES YES
Do a Modded cops n robbers! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I like old school cops and robbers. It would also be fun to see you guys play Never Have I Ever or Hide and Seek. Love you Adam <3
i missed sky <3
Ore spawn modded cops and robbers
Remake how to build a house
It nice seeing Adam enjoying himself
We need more klub ice
some of this videos are confusing sometimes it gets crazy when you start the video
How is that chicken doing?
Endgame cops and robbers
don’t act like you ain’t been gone
I wonder if you’ll do a haunted map again Adam? Those were fun times honestly, I just hope all is well for you tho
SKY PLS DO A TRANSFORMER COPS AND ROBBERS and if yall also want him to then like my post so he has a better chance of seeing it
The Return of the king
Team crafted cops and robbers
Dude. I’d love to see another modded cops and robbers. But the do not laugh series NEEDS to come back.
Ahem.... 2b2t
Do a do not laugh and cops and robbers with Ross and everyone else
Modded Cops and Robbers
Sky stream and play on callmecarson smp live server
Star wars modded cops n robbers!!!
where is the smash the like button i use to love those
Sky was so freaking monotone!
Just find the weirdest mod possible and use that!
I don’t trust this why is he back?!!!  Not complaining thou
Hey! Welcome back sky, been faithful since the beginning, I had my doubts about you when you left, I’m not gonna lie, but you’re back now so everything is better again
Cops and robbers again would be a pogchamp
I miss pirates
Do a cops and robbers episode where the prison is super overgrown.
Adam sounds kinda boring now. not complaining
Do portal gun cops n robberts again
Why not a sky does cops and rivers cops and rivers because seeing more sky makes me fly
Star Wars Cops N Robbers.
COPS AND RUBBERS
I freaking love you sky
Do a team crafted style
A COMEBACK
Is it just me or has his voice changed
COP AND ROBBERS
Omg why I not watch this
Vanilla Cops And Robbers
I ghougt he quit playing mincecraft
hit right in the feels
Weee wooo
Love the vid
Klub ice cops and robbers like if u agree
YO HE DID IT AGAIN
CLUB ICEE
cops and robbers is the type of cops and robbers i want
More Cops and Robbers would be awesome
I feel happy to see you back
The return of the king
Modded cops and robbers and please bring back do not laugh!
RETURN OF THE KING
Do a normal cops and robbers for nostalgia
Hell yeah do it!!!!
endgame cops and robbers
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Cops'n' robbers!!! I live on those episodes!!!
Love you adam
Butter cops and robers or zoo cop an robbers
Moded cops and robbers with alot of friends
Club ice cops and robbers
what does a pinned comment look like?
OMG PLS DO COPS ANS ROBBERS idk what theme and honestly I don’t care cause you guys make it funny enough as it is so just go play cops n robbers and give yourself overpowered weapons and see what happens :)
Yes please
KLUB ICE please
DRUGS COPS AND ROBBERS!!!!
play cops or robbers or im stealing the butter.... and start doing the old do not laughs again, those were fun
This boy subbed to t series just look at his subscriptions
POKÉMON COPS AND ROBBERS!!
please try a sonic themed cops and robbers
7 views
I miss ross
Love this
Man good job
Btw Adam is going through a tough time and he needs help so let’s try and help him
did I come travel back in time? Sky's mic sounds like it's back in 2013
Cops and robbers, but we need munching brotato
more Cops And Robbers!
Welcome back
Epic
aay. good to see more videos


also just wondering, if you do end up doing another cops and robbers video in the future can it be modded?
Maaaaybe a modded cops and robbers
Club ice
Modded cops n' robbers
Y’all should do like... earthbound, or danganronpa themed cops and robbers, that is if you are in the fandoms. that would be pretty cool though!! No matter what tbh, all your cops and robbers episodes are great :)
cops and robbers club ices
Modded cops and robbers!!!
Do Klub Ice please
Yeaaa Minecraft is cool again and cops and robbers might come back!
Can you do hide n seek with ross, jess, barney and max again? It would be fun to watch
Wait? Sky’s Back?!
It would be awesome if they did another try not to laugh
Yes.to cops and robbers
Do a do not laugh
New version of minecraft with the pillagers as guards
I kinda miss the old videos
modded cops and robbers
modded cops and robbers please
The second cops in robbers was my favorite which was the one with goal being to get to the boat
MOdded cops and robbers please
Am I early
Vanilla cops and robbers bc it’s just you creating your own comedy and it’s just good fun w friends
Anyone notice Adam is subscribed to tseries
Regular ol Podcrash cops and robbers
I miss villagers defense
Adam. I really appreciate the work you have continued to put into your videos. Watching this made me feel like I was back in 2013. Minecraft is making a comeback and I wish you the best of luck in the future.
If you do Cops n Robbers you should do it semi-seriously with people actually trying to escape instead of people just messing around with mods and general chaos because of those mods
Do another cops and robbers but no mods plz
❤️
do not laughs pleeeeease
Moar cops n robbers plz I miss that series
do a classic cops and robbers
Miss me some nostalgia
We want cops and robbers!!!
Can we PLEASE get galacticraft cops and robbers?
As much mods as possible
Can you bring Ross back
HES BACK
Yello also yolo
Second.
Cops and robbers klub ice?
Bro he’s like been off minceaft for like 2 years
2nd
Yes.
Do an old fashion cops and robbers
Omggh ur backk💞💞💞
Ya cop and robbers can you play with ross
Any there awesome
These are just old
Modded cops and robbers bruh
Modded
Modded cops and robbers
honestly, i wouldnt mind seeing you guys do a cops and robbers, if you guys can, jerome, you, mitch, tyler and antvenom play survival games, I personally would love to see that <333
Yes
Yes cops and robbers
Yes
Club ice
MODDED COPS AND ROBBERS PLEASE
Modded Cops and Robbers
modded cops and robbers REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Jerome is so nice for sticking with sky
I’m glad your back
Cops and frickin robbers man I was 8 and now I'm 15 still love it
Kulb ice.
Modded cops and robbers
KLUB ICE
Modded cops and robbers
You should do a cops and robbers  but instead the prisoners rule the prison. They each have an area to protect (for example, Adam in the kitchen to stop the warden from getting food) and stop the warden from getting on their land/escaping. Prisoners get full iron armour and an iron sword, warden gets full diamofu armour and a diamond sword.
FLUFFY
how the heck do i access this minigame? is it on any servers? please guys this looks legit really fun
Play with callmecarson
Modded cops and robbers with pranks
pokemon cops and robbers.
Ey can ya do the Cops n Robbers 4 the fans
Any type but cops and robbers please
0:01 spoilers alert
WHO REMEMBERS TONY PEPERONY ??
When did he start again let fing go
Klüb ice!!! Cops n robbers!!
Yessss cops and robbers!!!!
Moded cops and robbers
he sounds tired
Benis
YOU KNOW, the new Godzilla movie is coming out... Maybe a cops and robbers with GODZILLA to run away from!
Anyone else just love it every time a new video is uploaded? Because I personally do, and seeing Jerome, Ty, etc. just gives me the biggest blast of nostalgia from older videos.
bring back club ice
sky do cops and robers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cops and robbers do not laugh
Invite antvenom to cops and robers!
Yes do cops and robbers
Salutations
Sky when did u come back... I missed u
Mosdwd cops and robbers
BUUUUUTTTTTTEEEEEERRRRRR
pizza man mod cops and robbers
Damn, been awhile
:)
SECOND
Hi
Toradora
Hello yes, Am here
It makes me sad these only get a few thousand views
do the lcuk block cop rob
Adam I love all your videos and I say go with the old mod... LUCKY BLOCKS COPS AND ROBERS
Old school Cops and robbers
Cops and robber any
I wonder where is bacon man is
The butter is gold but gold is butter
Hi
Wow he still makes videos
Lol yep
please bring back do not laugh ill love to see it again
Love it
haha nice
barney need to come back
👌
Cops and robbers modded nuke mod. Do it please sky
can someone explain to me why he is back or like how did this happen?
Dont mess with jj
Any cops and robbers please have bajan in it please
More GTA V PLIZ
Modded cops and robbers?
I feel like sky is just doing this for the views. Every time Jerome says something sky just says “Yes”. I’d rather watch Jerome as he at least sounds like he got a good night’s sleep
Toradora cops and robbers
CNR (cops and robbers) ...... ok have been playing fallout lately and looking back (1st thing I typed) I am thinking of fallot cops and robbers in the NCR. I am uncertain if an NCR style/type of cop and robbers exist if it doses in the words of Palpatine ..... Do It
Last time I was this early Adam was still making music...
Bring back cops and robbers
Cops and robbers!!!! Yes please
Modded cops and robbers plz
do a superhero cops and robbers like dc style
Well
hind and seek cops and roders :3
yaaaaaas plz more cops and robbers.
Make a n y cops and robbers again.....
I'm probably the only one who wants to see this but Adam if u could do a klub ice cops and robbers it would be amazing
Adam dosent sound like his usual self. He sounds sad and not into the game. I am worried. It's probably just me, but I grew up watching him, so, I hope Adam is ok. Funny. I used to call him Sky. Anyway, I feel like he doesn't like Minecraft as much as he used to. I already have depression, and seeing one of my idols, makes me extremely sad. He was the one that made me love minecraft, or else I would have stayed with Roblox. Adam, please be ok.
yeeeet
cops and robbers.....Cops And Robbers.....COps ANd RObbers.....COPs AND ROBbers.....COPS AND ROBBERS!!!!!!
I want cops and robbers
Do a crazy craft cops and robbers
Naked cops and clothed robbers
cops and robbers morph mod
I whant a nother 500000000074286582757 episodes... DO IT
Crazy craft cops and robbers
Get munching brotato to play the cops and robbers
Sky sky hi
Let’s reach 12M again to bring back Adam’s career! #skydoesminecraft
Klub Ice bro
Budder.....
Oh regular cops ‘n robbers but u should try and get HuskyMudkips or TrueMU to join!
my childhood?
first few seconds...
Sky and Jerome: DYQDHUedkyzheGUHdgjewdhEwdvewoUJEWD MWnz ewidgezedCBLJKjprewzv eG EWM EWmDNUrhnioqewEWKNJEwk znuien-
ADARN
Play sky jumps maps again. Been a sub since 2015
Crazy craft cops and robbers
From millions of views to just a few thousand. This sucks
Ankles
hi
Klub ice cops and robbers
1st
I’m the 201 comment
I thought  he hated his cheery facade? I guess that why he sounds so depressed.
Wait, everyone is still supporting this guy? You're all just completely forgetting how he betrayed you all?
Jurassic craft cops and robbers
Cops and robbers pls or die lol
I’m here
Man i feel like im 10 again watching skydoesminecraft while eating ceral
Adam you were honestly my childhood youtuber and I feel so happy to see you come back to us. You do seem like a bit down, but I hope us viewers and fans will make you feel as happy as ever. Loads of stuff has went through your life, but don’t think we would ever leave you as the sort of fanbase we are. You are honestly the only youtuber I recall the most when it came to childhood videos. 
Seeing you now is always a gift because of the fact that we get to see new stuff from you, whatever the things you show us are. I am always going to be on your side, you don’t have to appease us. We just want to see you smile.

Also, a Cops and Robbers video? I haven’t seen one of these since the dawn of time, and it makes me filled with joy. I remember the olden days, and I remember you posting your first Cops and Robbers video. That video was also the first time I was introduced to Jerome, so the fact you’re doing it with him now is very nostalgic.
Thanks Adam.
:)
Take back the LUCKY BLOCKS!
A good idea would be to maybe return to a known mod, like idk...Disasters mod, Fnaf mod, Superheros mod, or anti gravity mod.
If you guys play Cops and Robbers again, how about you do a session without any mods this time?
Play cops and robbers frozen theme
Those porkchops look like potatoes
❤️❤️Good ol days❤️❤️ now this generation will actually know what real Minecraft YouTubers are🧸🌚
THEY RISE

THEY FALL 

THEY LEAVE 

THEY HATE

THEY RISE

THEY FALL

THEY SAD 

THEY LEAVE.....

baby steps
Ant type
This is probably my only chance I’ll ever have for you to see my comment. I just wanna say thanks for getting me through my childhood Adam, I was never depressed or anything, I just was picked on a lot in school for liking Minecraft. But I still watched your videos because they made me laugh, I’m almost a senior in highschool and I still watch them so thank you for everything. Stay buddery you magnificent bastard XD and sorry for being cliché and saying this but I’ve been trying to say it for a long LOOOONG time and this is one of the first time I’ve seen a comment section where I have a chance of you seeing it, so if you do see it please let me know some how
Sky reply you’re my childhood hero
Hoes mad x24
I’m so sorry your resorted to this again Adam a lot of us know this game and kind of content doesn’t make you happy anymore and I’m sorry for asking this but I miss your RP videos but above all else please do what makes you happy m8
meh.
Hello big boy I come here for the music not the Minecrafts still love you though😊
Dear sky play Halo pls
Funny cops n robber
Superhero CopsNRobbers
Imagine it like this 
It’s 2012 you just got home from school and a fresh skydoesminecraft video came out. You’re excited. That excitement is what I’m feeling now 7 years later
Fuq yeah cops n robbers
Spoilers for Adamgame: Budder Parkour Map revamped, New Budder Monsters, Budder Budder, reasons is captured again? Jason  is turning into budder! Mitch is I'll and needs the Budder needle to be better, Jerome is turning yellow, caveman is trapped by buwser, all of his friends got kidnapped by the squds, can sky save them in time?
I know its been a while, but can you try to recouncel with mitch? I want you and bajan to play together again
Sky lost his enthusiasm
Attack on titan cops and robbers
There should be a meme cops and robbers again
Sky if you see this comment please also please keep making videos because it helps me through rough times thanks you
Can't wait for that Cops N Robbers recording in a few days ;)
yes look at the majestic adam bird  soar through the sky..... beautiful
Anyone else uncontrollably smile when Adam calls gold butter the nostalgia is real
Seems like sky's doin better: both at game and overall personality!! Also speaking of castles reminded me of fallen kingdom-
So who's gonna tell sky he has to pause between attacks to do more damage?
AAHHHH OMG SKYY I SWEAR TO YOU I DON’T CARE WHAT YOU PLAY BECAUSE YOU MAKE EVERY GAME BETTER
Could it be that I am early?!?! 
Checks comments 
NoPe
Who remembers when ross was a narwhal ?

I miss the good ole days 

Back when Minecraft series where golden and full of good content and originality
Sorry my dude I haven't been active and watching your videos but imma start watching them more. I have absolutely missed your videos.
I miss you playing with Ross! Play with Him Again PLEEASE!
Do you still talk to Ross, red, max and everyone else from the office
A wild adam has appeared, use: BUDDER PUNNNNNCH
Hey Sky, just wanna say I'm glad u r able to spend time with your family and Mason, I hope u r doing well and thank you so much for the memories, and also playing Minecraft again. Love ya. #GAMERSRISE #TeamCrafted
My favourite video since cops and robbers
Every time I hear the intro now I can’t stop smiling. Your the best Adam!!!!
*I BELIEVE I CAN FLY* love ur content Adam, here since 26th vid :)
Since when was he uploading again?! I literally just looked him up to watch his old videos and when I saw he uploaded 6 hours ago I was like "WHAT!? SKY'S BACK!?" IM SOSOSOOSOSOSOSOO HAPPYYY!!
Dropsy is like the aphmau of the group. XD
I HAVENT WATCHED YOU SINCE I WAS 9, THE MEMORIES AND MY CHILDHOOD WANTS TO THANK YOU. :))))
wow. wow. i watched sky like 5 years ago, i just completely remembered his name damn. this is pure nostalgia
Love it, keep it up brings back the memories❤❤❤❤
Lol I’m already laughing and not even 10 seconds in
One second in and I'm already like what the heck lol that so majestic😂😂
SKYYYYYYYYYYYY its BUTTTTERRRRR

Edit:

Sky:Mayo

Me: 
Throwback Monday in 3....2...1








Cooking with Earl
Sky's still used to the old minecraft spamming attacks xD
I think we got a glimpse of the old Adam back
I love this video but it pains me that Adam still doesn't know how to do the combat from the 1.9 update.
So I was looking at a comment section for some random minecraft video. Saw a comment that said skydoesminecraft is making videos again so I had to check... and boom! Saw this 11hour ago video, looked up and saw I was subscribed to you. I suddenly remembered the moment I subscribed about 6 or 7 years ago. 

You are my childhood hero, keep doing what you're doing my hero, I will always support you!!
I really just miss GTA wit friends

Barney...red...max...WEENIEBUTT, WEENIEBUTT WEENIEBUTT!
Hope you are doing great Adam!!💞
Man, I love SkyDoesMinecraft it’s a shame that his Music Career go super good.
Me:-watching the clouds-
Me:what a lovely-
sees Adam fly
Me:is that a moth man?!
Just came back from the music video and am in tears
I havent been here since... '13... I think
Sky i remember the days that i subscribe you when you only have 1 million subscribers
im actually so happy that Adam is back and I cried when he came back
Love your vids, watching you since i was 7
Love Adam's energy in this vid.
This made my day, thanks Adam ❤️
I can't help but be worried. Is he really okay? Or is this just a front? He seemed to have really bad issues and actually looked like he wanted to separate from minecraft. 
I don't know it's just a concern of mine.
in 1.9+ wait for the thing right of your cursor to have the plus next to it, then your attacks will be fully powered.
Jerome sounds like Grid from Red vs Blue
Been watching since 3rd grade. I’m in 6th now. 

💫
Adam helping saying “Woo!” at the start made me so giddy! The nostalgia! ;^;
Sky, do u still remember the "HUNGER GAMES GONE WRONG"
Video?
#SkyDoesEverything
Y’all need to do tnt wars like in the good old days
its the magical stick of butter in the air! quick throw subscriptions at it so it can grow more powerful! don't forget to pat jerome and call him fluffy
those wings are absolutely magnificent I love them
That intro gave me life
He protecc
He attacc 
But most importantly...
SkyDoesMinecraft came bacc
You made ONE video of Clusterchunk. You've gotta make another
Adam at the very end: That was fun!.
Me: Starts crying tears of joy and looking like I’m seeing my baby grow
You should try playing on the Wynncraft server
Dang it the notifications dint work im happy to see you back
Yea ive haven't been watching lately but now I'm back into watching you bro keep doing what u do.
why not make cops n robbers? 
i grew up watching them you know?
i just had an amazing joke idea for if you ever return to do not laugh, by the way i tihnk you should do more do not laugh videos.


here's the joke:
1: get a skin that looks like yours but slightly different
2: you start the joke and call yourself stygoesdinecraft or something else similar to your name
3: you say that you have a promising business opportunity
4: you then place a bunch of minecart tracks and say: "You wanna buy some rails?"
I believe I can fly 






Shooting them with an M4 so they will die
There we go the amazing sky does Minecraft can fly......... If only everything was butter
Sky you are my childhood I remember do not laugh and hide n seek with aphmau
I just found an anime and you are a voice actor in it 
Tokyo esp
A natural Adam in his habitat..

“ AAWOOOOWOOOWOOO.”

His beautiful mating call.

“ AAAAWWWWWOOOOWWWWOOOOOWWWWOOOOO.” * viciously eating butter. *

“ Ah, yes. And his diet. Butter.”

“ AAAAAA-“
I still can’t believe this is real
I swear all I did at night was watch these videos and laugh my ass off. I miss the parkour maps with Jason and Ty
Ngl seeing this old into brings tears to my eyes
Eveytime I watch these videos, they make me smile.
Why tf am i subbed to you?


Nvm im not anymore
I've been waiting fpr you adam
Hi sky I’ve been watching u for a while about 7 years I think
I love how you can see that sky's commentary is improving from video to video
OMG I REMEMBER WATCHING YOU ALL THE TIME, god i miss the good ol days
I want the modpack!!!
...please
I really missed this, Thank you Adam.
YAY Your still doing the same intro, and posting videos 😁😁😁 I’ve never been able to watch your vids in like 2 years.. I missed those days
Hey Sky!!!! You still don't kbow how to use a sword!!!
That opening already killed me💀
I liked the old, raw, sky. Not this hard cut every second, zoom in, kinda sky(Adam,) love you always boo.
HEY ADAM, GUESS WHAT

PASTRAMI CITY!
The intro!!! I love it 🤣🤣
Will you ever try todo a video with Ross again
I just noticed sky is subbed to tseries gasp traitor
I though you , quit minecraft I'm so happy now
I love how enthusiastic Jerome and Adam are and it makes it all the more fun to watch :)
Clicks video* 
Adam : woooo woo wooo
Is it just me or does sky have the best game modes
Keep up the good work man.
When are you gonna do public servers again?
I love it that they’re back, been with Adam from the beginning but I’m wondering if they’re using old mics for nostalgia or if it’s a reference he thinks he’s never left, or if Jerome’s hasn’t gotten a better one since 2013 Minecraft hunger games
It’s sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good to see u back up and running sky
I miss roommates
Remember the maze series ?

And the pirate series?
Question, what happened to ross
I love Jerome’s and sky’s friendship
It sounds like adam is become more hyped each video
Adam what is that intro🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Is it true that your friends held you hostage in room 208 yesterday?
Adam: (plays old intro)
Me: there goes the tear ducts
He couldn't do damage cause he didn't wait for the bar to go full
10/10 Love it
This is the coolest thing I've seen in a while =0
Can you get munchingbrotato back?
1st
sky please learn the timing of attacks😂😂😂 you keep forgetting about it ant already told it to you😂😂😂
Did it change from Minecraft to you very thing and am I late?
Adam seems like he's getting better and seems overall happy in this video instead of distant. I followed him for 5 years now and it makes me so happy that hes doing better!
Ive been watchin u since i was 9,now im 14 ur still cool in my book adam
Hey Adam, I just wanna say a quick thank you for all the years I have been with you. You've helped me through all the hard times and your videos always made me laugh. It's good to see you back, you truly are amazing. There is much more I want to thank you for and much more i want to say to you, but I got an assignment that I need to wrap up or else  I won't be going to 7th grade. ANYWAYS thanks so much, have the time of your life, and life is too short not to live it. Goodbye. 
Shu, otherwise known as Jordan
Once in the sky army always in the sky army
Gold generator?
No no no no
Butter generator.
Hibby hoppy sky is my papa





(papae)
The nostalgia hits HARD
likes video before it even loads. yesss
Wow your back my biggest fan in Minecraft.. .
Wake up in the morning I got butter on my mind 
finish the rest
YESSSS😍😍😍
Let the nostalgia flow 😭
Wow... I hadn't watched any of these videos since I was 8....
Man I miss the old days like when he played herobrine mansionwith truemu and team crafted what happen to that?
I’m so happy that you continued doing mc
HI sky your my favorite Youtuber
Can you play some Prison? (2013 Map Edition) with Mitch, Jerome and Woofles..?
I love your videos as always sky!
Yes should change your intro to be more up to date, right?!
I'm sorry for taking a break from the sky army sky... It's great seeing ur vids after how many years ... Stay strong
I’m liek so happy ur back u don’t even know 🤩❤️
I like how his last skydoesminecraft vid he said he hated Minecraft but look now
Wait what the hell is he playing minecraft again-
I'm late-
Omg,I thought you quit and then you post vids!
If this ain't the most nostalgic throwback from my childhood
minecraft :))
Sky I have a very important question when did KSI bar drop lower then your sub count ?
I remember when you first play CNR and when you were with dawn in that obsidean library saying butter
When u sed im batman i thought of Xprmx13
Hi Sky!!!!
Is it me or does he sound forced to play or am I just overlooking things
He’s doing minecraft agAin?
Can you please say what kind of mod on the wings? :3
OMG YOURE BACK :D
DO A JAIL BREAK EPISODE LIKE DA OLD DAYS!!!
you have to wait between attacks now man, come on
I’m glad that this amazing man is back
Make a thicc fort. I don't mean thicc thicc. I mean Dummy Thicc.
Hey wassup sky you sound so much better bro I wish nothing but the best for you keep it up man I love you vids and I’m sure many people do hail the sky army
Please, PLEASE do SkyWars videos!
Honestly its amazing that you guys didnt ditch this game in a good way
I love this 3001
5:57 you got give him a break he just ate a whale
#teamcraftedforlife og fans understand
so the man is finally back
I love that he's back but you can just tell how forced his commentary is and how tired he is. Adam, please focus on your mental health and happiness. We all care about you man
Luv you sky
Sucks you don't get the views you deserve
i missed that screaming
Wow um it’s been years
love the vids you inspire me
Pls sky learn the new pvp mechanics
Hes subbed to tseries
Minecraft has gotten a spike in popularity I wonder why but I love it
Ahhhhh brings me back
Sky u should play hide and seek or trouble in mineville in the hive
i miss hyper sky
What happened to sky vs gaming
BUDDER put this everywhere
HE’S HAPPIER!!!!
Welcome back Old pal.
Who remembers AdamTurtle?
I would like to see Adam play GTA again.
Ah yes the wild Adam so majestic
Woooohhhhh yeaaahhhh
Does anyone know what the wing mod they’re using is called
MINECRAFT IS BACK BTCHESS!!!!
lol. i hope you guys had fun :)
My childhood is back its nostalgic ❤️😢
0:00 Keep on clicking.
This is just a jolly ol' time
a bird in the sky
im impressed how this guy is get over 50k views playing minecraft
Don’t u dare call iron mayo,if u say it again I will take ur toes and shove them down ur throat till it reaches one of ur veins😛
Yes your back
Sky do not spam the sword it has a cooldown  at the middle of the screen
That hand brings my childhood back
I'd like to say something. I haven't been into Minecraft in a long time but since I've discovered your come back and all you've went through, the fact that you've picked yourself back up and started doing these videos is inspiring. I was 12 when I last saw your videos. It's been 4 years and even now you make me smile.
That intro brings back memories.....
#SkyArmy
#SkyArmy
Hey sky. Where you capes golden picaxe. Why you only capes monster creeper.
Do mod showcases
Next parody when
He's back... I'm so happy
I’m 13 I’ve been watching since I was 6
Bring back the face cam pls !!!!!
The prodigal son returns.
Elytra: Am i a joke to you?
What happened to "I'm quitting Youtube"?
My childhood has returned
I believe I can fly.
14:14 was very painful
I love u sky . its been 6 years
BEST VIDEO EVER, SKY!
Where's Ross, I miss his intelligence
This is fabulous
DO SMP LIVE
Drop some new music please
Am I the only one that noticed he’s subbed to T-Series?
Dang been watching since 6
Anyone else been here sense his orginal aether vids or his first jail break vids
I fr thought I was gonna have a stroke reading it. Lol.
Wait?! I thought you went on to do music? Why are back in this whole? 
Minecraft is great and all. But I would be tired to death already. 

Unless the music career didn’t work out. And due to you making a fool of yourself on YouTube before, nobody wants to hire you? 
I hope not. I wish you luck in anything that you’re doing.
HES BACK!!!!
link to the mod?
Magnificent
This video is nostalgic for some reason...
Sky have you heard of elytra?
SKYYUYYYYYY
So music at all? I liked your music but I also like your gaming videos.
Sky’s enthusiasm is almost gone
Im going to cry im so happy your back
whoever dislike his videos have no heart. have no respect to a person who is making feel better.
Blade and dropsy are so salty if you throw them into a lake they’ll turn it into a ocean
I love u, I remember when I was younger and I loved watching ur videos and I rly just came here to give u a view but Im too old now to really enjoy these though I just came here to tell you you’re amazing and you made my 11 year old self really happy ✌️
Im so happy now
Hi person reading this comment
YEEEEE
wait..... what , minecraft was made in 2009 , i feel so old....
This is my childhood thanks Adam
I miss this... This is great 😃
Are you ok sky😥
WeeeeooooooWeeeeeeeooooo
THE SKY IS FLYING AT THE SKY!
113th
oh he back
I would love face cam adam
It hurts so much watching him fight.
Like me
Intros back
Welcome back sky
Man, where tf did the views go i used to watch you when I was like 7 or 8
I was just thinking, when adam came back to Minecraft that is also around when it became cool to play Minecraft again. Adam did you bring everyone back?
Yaaaaa
4:28 what was that notification lol
Love this video
I’ve missed this stuff
3,000th like 🤘
Luv u sky!
he kinda sounds like bajan
Is thia real? I thought adam stopped, is this reposted



I AM CONFUSION
why dont you have face cam any more
Ah yes. The classic
Idk if ur able to play with like Ross and stuff cause of all ur personal stuff but what about Mitch u guys go no beef or anything and he still plays with Jerome and stuff
What mods?
Not long until people notice he's back and he gets more views.
Aaaa I’m gonna cry when sky finally does the “hey gUys sKy here and tOday...”
Sky soars through the sky!
Back to the good old days
It's great that he's back
Oldest inteo
You hadn't aged a day
Love the videos Adam!
This game is awesome!
U never grow up u are just a bigger kid
Do sing off with jerome
Oh word?
kinda reminds me of the good ol adam
What is the wing mod
Top Comment? xd
Why does this make me so happy
Weeeeooow weeeeeooooow weeeeeeeeeeooooooooow
Hi adam
2nd
What mod is this? I wanna play it with my bros hahahahaha
This was a good episode
I’m glad they added an A10 Warthog mod into the game
Minecraft
Yes
More cops and robbers!!
I’m crying haven seen this man in 6 years
YayayayyayayayayyayayaYAAAAAAASSSSSSSS WE WOO WWEEEE WOOOOOOOO
He’s back
Weeeeee
good vid love youre stuff
#bring back #merome
i miss 2012
Weeee wooooo
Hessss backkkkk
I thought he quit
Rapping didnt work out im guessing
Dammit Adam it was right in front of you
Bed wars?
Hi
Oh yes!
Neat
MINECRAFT IS BACK
lol....earliest ive ever been
LOL
Sky we want more do not laugh.like the old days
What are these mods called. I want them
Is it just me or did sky lose his happiness, his energy? It just looks like he's not happy anymore with what he's doing. Sky, am I right?
u fell off ode😭😭
what mod is this?
WHO LIKE MINECRAFT
Amazing
Hello
Weeee
Ayy Adam
My inner 8 year old is coming out.
I saw a post on instagram and it was a question asking what minecraft youtuber did they watch and most of them said skydoesminecraft, I liked every one that said skydoesminecraft. Glad your up and making people happy with you funny and amazing videos, been watching since 2013, and was never disappointed.
I’m 13 and




I love it




Fight me
Yum
Sky kinda making a comeback
Great video 👍
Awesome
What is the ip
does this mean he's back?!
Yeeeeeet
Iron is cream cheese ADAM
👌
I’m confused I thought he quit
This was so funny
I know you wont see this but bring back cops and robbers
Subscribing again😁
wait
The true 9 year old army
Is this netnobody
sky needs to change the name back to skydoesminecraft
Sky is back?
Will you ever collab with Ross and Jess again?
Does he still hang out with Ross
well sorry for saying this here but i found out my cat has a type of cancer nothing else to say
cured my cancer :)
Where's Ross?
ADAM PLEASE!! THE 1.9 COMBAT!! YOU CAN'T SPAM ANYMORE!
owo what is this video, sky playing minecraft NANI?!
Cooooooool 😎😎😎😎😎😎👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I like this =)
wow
Adam, Jess’s due date is almost here! The potato is having a little fry
I am back it has been like 6 or 7 years and it's nice to see that he is still doing minecraft.
By the ways do you still hang out with Ross
first
nice
Sky spam click combat doesn't work anymore
Is he still doing the no cussing thing?
Weu weu WEU
Can y’all play pixelmon again? That’d be awesome
uwu that cape
Adam don't spam your sword in pvp
SKY OMG YES MINE CRAFT IS BACK I WAS LEGIT CRYING WHEN I FOUND OUT YOU QUIT BUT NOW YOUR BACK AND I HAVE TEARS OF JOY :)))))
“What’s Gold?”
Adam are you still netnobody?
Omg my childhood! I’m fourteen now, I wonder if he reads all of these comments thanking him about making these vids and how we all used to dye of laughter when watching these vids. I wonder how old he is now? I remember  watching him when I was younger and my pairents death glaring me when he cussed lol I wish Minecraft was big again
Sky and Fluffy!!
UwU
He doesn’t seem as happy as he used to be back when minecraft was in its prime days
please do a collab with aphmau/jess!!!
2018:year of fortinte                               2019:year of minecraft
Please go back to roleplay videos again
People need to stop unsubbing he isn’t gaining he is losing
first lol hey sky
ADAM STOP SPAM CLICKING
First?
OMFG... Adam is back... I kept subbed to him even when he stopped... brings back the 2012-2013 memories... glorious.
Low chance you reading this sky but just wanted to say thanks for sticking to Minecraft. Fortnite has taken most of you old friends and it’s kinda sad.
When you like before you even watch the video because you know it's gonna be good
Pog
Fgh
minecraft... is back.... memories... ;(
AC130 ABOVE
Mini game Minecraft videos are what killed the MC YT community
43 seconds in, Sky calls Jerome "Fluffy".
Ohhh the nostalgia!!!!!
I can feel my childhood slowly being resurrected
the minecraft uprising of 2019 is the best thing about 2019 currently, and the nostalgia is so fucking lovely.  have a good day babes
Happy to see you back and enjoying what you do, especially with your friends. Thanks for making me laugh as a kid and still to this day.

Edit : Happy you guys feel the same, too :)
Team butter since #2010
Don't you mean: Team Budder!
That intro has me fucking shook with nostalgia man. I remember being like 10 just replaying that intro over and over cuz it was so iconic.
Jerome: “Speaking of fluffy, there’s 8 million dollars on my head”
Me: **focuses brain power into understanding the connection**”
All we need now is Cops And Robbers who agrees?
YOU SHOULD'VE HAD A WARNING BEFORE THAT INTRO I'M OVERWHELMED WITH NOSTALGIA
I do miss Sky calling Jerome Fluffy :3
In 2018 everyone was depressed. Sky was also gone. Coincidence? I think not.
Title: includes butter in reference to gold
Me: YES YES YES YES MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK
Ok guys who hired the necromancer. He is resurrecting my childhood.
And here we have sky slowly taking his baby steps into become the legendary youtuber he once was, plus he's also resurrecting our childhood with his videos that helped us once upon a time
The part where Sky called Jerome “Fluffy” just about killed me with nostalgia
first. Sky I have watched you since 2013
normal people: gold team
Sky army: budder team
Me: My childhood sure is reviving 

Costs: It costed adams mic quality 

Me: what...




EDIT: Why is my like button blue?
Hi, love the vids and its great you're back, u were my first youtuber i watched, i first watched u in 2011! so proud of u!
Can we show Adam our support of the bathroom audio?
Don’t mind me I’m just a random gacha person passing by UwU
when you called Jerome fluffy I almost died. Keep up the amazing work sky!! You're doing great
Two views, 70 likes and 1 dislike.





Fabulous.
saw you sky when i was a kid i played on your old sever and the game i always played was run from the best
Ok the nostalgia comments are getting old.








Get it?
Ok so we get ur early and yt says ur the first comment but in reality there’s tons of people so it doesn’t work out yt jjst glitches sometimes so instead of saying first say #earlysquad or #notificationsquad or something🤣❤️
Anyone know a mincraft server like this but for bedrock edition?
Anyone else going through a nostalgia run?
Wait I didnt know sky still made videos wow same intro and the butter woe uts been so long
#BackInTheDayJeromeCrashedARecording

Edit:

Sky: 

Me: 
OMG he is back ! I heard rumors BUT HE IS ACTUALLY BACK! MY CHILDHOOD HAS RETURNED
What did you gain? 

"My childhood back.." 

What did it cost? 

"Adam's mic quality"
I have never clicked on a notification faster
Who was here when he did the trollface quest
The trollface moon still makes ne laugh




And
GLAD YOUR BACK
Double eye patch and fluffy that’s beautiful👌🏼❤️
If antvenom videos didn't in my recommendation, i probably won't come here
YESSS FINALLY
Forced humor dude its awsome your doing minecraft but not like the good 'ol days
Sky: Uploads
Me: Happiness Noise
Sky I love ❤️ you! #TeamBudderfortheWin



Budder!!!!
My reaction to the intro: holy frick frick frick he did it I love it
So happy your back hope your doing well!
Everything I had ever wanted in a golden budder



1 like equals 1 butter
Gets 2 million in bank notes 

Sky: ah about 500,000
Sky?
Some person on twitter had questioned g0z
To think of you are g0z
IS DA TRU??
Bro omg this man, this man made my childhood so good. And he’s back, yes
Teacher : okay class, what did you get?
KidUno: I got 76
KidTres : Really? Bro, I got 6.9
Me : 6- 6.9? Bro I got Abraham Lincoln-
Think about roleplaying like the maze runner rp you did oh so long ago. It would be stupid to do the same roleplays.
i lov u <33333 so glad ur back <33 ur my whole ass childhood <333
DID SOMEBODY SAY: B U T T E R?!
Ross— eer eyes
Mithzan— mad max
Asf jerome— fluffy
Thats all i know
Petition for Sky to be the frontrunner for the Minecraft Revival in rewind 2019
My favorite YouTuber 

Playing Minecraft

With FLUFFY

Oh the nostalgia
Always been #TeamBudder ever since 2010 mahn
I believe in Sky and all the Recruits! Follow your dreams and never give up gang!
Grown men obsessing over "butter" 


I love it
Kid: Is it true you were held hostage in Room 208 yesterday
Sky: What?
barely a minute in and I'm grinning like a maniac...
i can't stop smiling, especially after Jerome said "You haven't called me 'Fluffy' in so long!"
U were one of my favorite youtubers as a kid n still or to this day i qatched your videos when i was like 7 or 8
When u want to play with them but don't even own a pc and is too broke to even get minecraft
You should play Bajan's server - Kingdoms
Video Title: WHO IS ON TEAM BUTTER?!
Me: I am, since... I can't remember when I first watched one of his videos, dammit.
im always on team butter been since 2-3 years
Here's a brilliant idea. Claim eachothers bounty and make millions.
(Idk if the system even works that way it just popped into my head)
Budder Forever!!!
Hey Sky! Wa won’t u do anotha battle dome?! a bet it’s going to be an amazin video!





(btw, love ur videos and your recent vids)
you sound like you're so done with life and the only reason you staying afloat is through minecraft videos. it's like you've hit so hard that you can bare to show emotion.
Me: knock knock
Adam: WHOS there?
Me: comments asking for do not laugh
Adam: ...commentsaskingfordonotlaugh who?


WHERE 
IS
THE
DO
NOT
LAUGH?
i just came back for a memory run... this is a suprise
Haven't watched you in a while (been subscribed since 2014) but I guess some youtubers never change. Love your videos!
Yo play with call me Carson please on his server it’s dope as Frick and they just funny
It's good to have you back. Love watching you every time❤️
Fluffy...
Code butter is litterly butter...

Hahàaaa that got me
Omg I feel accomplished watching this video 
Omg i remember you. You got me through some hard times man thanks 🙏 Ive been watching since 2005 or something please respond
Yes skydoesminecraft is back i grew up off your vids and i miss it im tired of every one makin fortnite vids
been watching since 2012, thank you for bringing back my childhood
Team squid all the way!
“Where’s the condenser wand?”

Us: *watched Sky die with it during last episode*
Team budder all the way
for the first time im early
I love you Adam/NetNobody/Sky 
Keep doing what you are doing
Sadly haven't watched him.in forever but FLUFFY!!!
Me forever and always holy shid
Omg this man is actually on TheArchon 😱
I'm on Team Squid. No shits given either or
petes on there too!!!!!
edit: the archon thingy not there skyblock
Just got news that you joined MC back from an antvenom video, so fkn glad you're back.
This feels like pre recorded from years ago
The nostalgia man. Plus I’ve been exited for this series
Who else misses the old team (ross,Barney,jbop,and sky) the good old times
😢
omg butter, my heart
Ya boi is still making videos lol. I've watched him since like 2010
Yow Sky Can You Do A SCP MOD Show-Case With Deadlox
Im slowly learning the meaning of life again! Keep up the minecraft vids!!!
The word ‘Fluffy’ gives me a will to live when Adam says that to Jerome
Team Budder since 2014😁 luv ya Adam
Adam was one of the first ever youtubers I subscribed to that I still watch today. ❤️
WOOOOOO TEAM BUTTER!!! Since 2009
Sky... YOU, JEROME, and TY are absolute UNITS. Love the vids keep it up man
My man Adam back at it again with the og videos like sky blockand BUDDER FOR EVER
you lost the wands in the pvp area
From 2013 my favorite vid was when u played with the frog  🐸 a deadlox
my username ends with "cookie" but my loyalty stands with sky
I haven't felt any emotions at all recently not even sadness 

Why
Something doesn’t feel right 







BARNEY AND ROSS bring them back plz
Been a part of the budder army for the longest😋👌
We never left the sky army or the budder army 


Godspeed Adam
I support you sky. And I watched since 2013
i just came back from the nostalgia tik tok memes :o oof
WHY DOES Jerome sound like max!
i cant believe, HES BACK. THE MAN HIMSELF, OUR BUDDER GOD HAS RETURNED!
I feel like fluffy has changed...
 A lot... Like a scary amount e.e
I'M ON TEAM BUDDER!! 😍
nostalga everywhere..
lol try bedwars though.
Notification squad😋😂❤️
When he called Jerome fluffy... 







I felt that
B U D D E R  not Butter
You distarct me from my life, thank you adam
Intro scares me and gives me flashbacks when I was 8 trying to hide the videos I was watching from my mom
What happened to your voice Adam?
I’m so happy you’re back man! Are you doing better? Where are you recording?
I remember watching you and Bajan Canadian when I was like 9 the nostalgia is overwhelming
You should play bedwars with Jerome some day
I just had a heart attack from all that nostalgia, especially from that intro
sky is finally back, doing minecraft


love you
The intro 🥰 NOSTALGIA
Adam you've resurrected everyone's childhood, welcome back man
Adam why are you recording in your bath room😭
I’m glad you’re back, we all missed you, and I’m glad you’re more relaxed. It’s better to be relaxed and not so over the top, just be yourself and enjoy life ❤️
I remember the first video ive watched....like the Skyblock With deadlox and OkwardIndustries..and remembering the old map with TrueMu and deadlox
MEEEE BRO BEEN HERE SINGE FIRST DO NOT LAUGH AND SKY SURVIVVAL SERIES TEAM BUTTER ALL THE WAY
“-hard at work!”
falls off the edge
TeamCrafted: Reunited
It’s happening
Love u sky and i wont ur BUTTER
Sky, I... like to watch videos for more you, not more jerome. Could you, host a video next?
WAIT SKYS BACK ON  YOUTUBE *le epic le gasp *
S2 Of The Maze Runner Roleplay?
Don't you mean Team Crafted
YouTube's on drugs 2 veiws 82 likes
We got to give sky more views( for the nostalgia)
He's back and with Fluffy.
For the real OG's that the editor is not, "Budder"
#teamcrafted Og since 2012, who else still here since early early?
First
LOL I remember like 5 years ago when you and Trumu aka Minecraft Universe used to play
SKY!!!!!........sup
Welcome back sir. We missed you.
This is lowkey cringe but it’s clearly part of Adam’s therapy and is helping him get happier so I’m ok with it lol
Budder squad, where you at!?!?
Ok but NOW we just need mod showcases back and I’m good to go! Those were my life!
You're making grown men cry tears of nostalgic joy
That moment when you realize you have been watching Adam for 8 years, and is still watching him as a teen in high school. Can't wait for the glory days to come back.
Is this a reupload or new content??
Rip :C [*]
You guys should play diversity 3! Ahh. sniff nostalgia
I saw the thumbnail and i thought, "My childhood is coming back hell yeah"
I HAVE ONE FRICKIN QUESTION, WHAT ABOUT THE ROLEPLAYS, DONT LEAVE MEH ON A CLIFFHANGER, END ONE OR TWO PLEASE.
Sorry man I’m Team Kryztal (Diamonds)
I used to watch u 6 years ago
Thank you for coming back Sky. This video just came out when I got back from the ER.
crap I wished I don't live in china
i miss out on all the stuff :(
i've been on team butter for ever, and i always will be
I'm so glad minecraft is making a comeback this year. happy to see your vids again after so long!
Is it just me, or does Adams chill voice recording, make him sound hotter than usually?
I'm seven minutes LATE!!!
Does anyone know why Adam's mic quality sounds different?
people need time to get away from a game before they can truly enjoy it again glad you're back
I mean I still hated squids for Adam since he also hated squids, that was a long time before in the good old Minecraft.
Hearing Adam call Jerome Fluffy again warmed my heart. Reminds me of the golden days.
i love your vids been watching for 6 years remeber cops n robbers omg my best momments
It's like Adam went back in time and started back when TeamCrafted was a thing...
"And I- will- wait- I- Will- Wait- For you!"
Watched Jerome's now time for Adam's view point.
If Jerome wins. You need to say, "I cant believe it's not butter."
I BELIEVE IN YOU!!!! YOU'RE AWESOME AND AMAZING AND I LOVE YOU AND YOUR CONTENT!!!!!!!!! KEEP IT UP ADAM!!!!!!!!
It been so long since I watch sky gold:butter
WHEN HE SAID FLUFFY I CRIED
Is this real? :0 I thought it was a re-uploaded video but it’s not, this is great :)
Early squad I love you dude
I grew up watching your mod videos and adventure maps
I've watched you since about 2012 when I was just a little kid and seeing you upload again literally brought me to tears.
Adam was too powerful...
12:43
Team BUDDER since 2012
The Sky Army is back <33
You lost the Condencor wand and smelt wand in the war zone.
Did I time travel back to 2010? Either way, the nostalgia is real!
He's Back!? , Y E S~
I wonder if he will play with mithzan and Ross again.
what doe th RS part of you username mean?
#teambutter4life
i also just got hit by a steam train of nostalgia (right down to my room being the only one the AC doesent touch
Oh my god the og intro yesssss
BUTTERRRRRRRRRRRRRRR TEAM
I’m miss that intro I’ve watched u years ago and still remember the lyrics to ur old Minecraft songs lol😭😂
"Aw, you haven't called me fluffy in so long" My inner child squeeled!
Dude, this is so epic.
so... what happened to the butter porkour from the first vid of this series?
Hello who is this

Your childhood

Ohh yeah I lost that years ago what's up 


Nothing just nostalgia have fun dying 
2 views i think YouTube is having a stroke
Sky should change his name To SkyDoesClickbait
mate i'm so glad you're back, you made me chuckle so much as a kid and it's such a throwback to watch you today because it brings back so many happy memories; good on you buddy
welcome back childhood :)
NOSTALGIA ;-;
I got a black eye because of how hard I saluted
I used to be on team butter then I took a squid to the knee.
#TeamButterForever
Minecraft is going to blow up now that your back
Yo i love sky but what’s with his mic?
SKY CALLS JEROME FLUFFY❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰🥰
the classic intro music...*tears up*
Yo i used to watch im back then like a long time plus that intro is timeless
Why does it feel like Adam's mic is getting worse every video
People still call gold butter? WE GOIN BACK TO THE 2012 DAYS MAH BOIS
Still got the same intro after 5 yrs
I never thought I'd hear the word butter come from you again Adam
Omg Adam has the old intro back ?!?!?!?!?!?
Its fucking wonderful to see you play again omg, also its nice to hear you call Jerome Fluffy
The intro OMG the nostalgia.
Anyone remember epic jump map?
I’ve been team butter since 2011 I remember skydoesminecraft episode 1 shelter and then you played so much more and other people who aren’t fans such as the guy below me he started 2011 not 2010
OH MY GOD THIS IS SO NOSTALIGIC.
Team butter since 2011
C O D E  B U T T E R
N O T F I R S T
Team butter since 2011
B U D D A H  T E E M ! ! !
So nostalgic imma cry 😭
Sky, are there any new and popular players to the Minecraft scene that you’re thinking of collaborating with?
I've been in the sky army since second grade
Insert Seagulls from Nemo BUTTER?  BUTTER?  BUTTER???
HE’S BACK! THANK YOU!
Next step: reestablish Team Crafted
As a kid you made me laugh, you still do
Team butter forever
Budda chain starts here keep it going. Budda budda budda
B U D D E R
11:18 when Adam said he wanted to build the house i half expected he'd use 'Budder' blocks X'D not bricks :/ lol X3 would have added more value to the island heeheehee XP
Yo man I know you are never going to see this but I just wanna let you know you were my whole childhood
FLUFFY!!
#TeamButter since 2009
Is TCR still in charge of the Archon, or did he drop that to someone else
The intro 😔😩👌
That intro still gets me teary eyed
Hyped for the Butter Army comeback
Next time play a mod pack that has a quest book
DA FLUFFY MELON BROTATO MADMAX BUUUUTTER
YEEEEEE
IMA ON TEAM BUUDAH BOIZ
#PastramiCity
2 views 13 comments  what
*childhood starts coming back again*
You and Jerome should join the smp live server
Legends never die
Wait what??? I thought he retired from YouTube
sky i have watched you sense like the beginning
2019, the year of nostalgia
0:43 he called him fluffy i- 😭
#SkyIsTeamButter
IM ALWAYS ON TEAM BUDDER??!??!!!!  RAISE THE BUDDER FLAG UP YEAAAHHHHH????!!!!!??
Try saying "better butter" ten times faster!
i’ve misses this :’)
I have been on team butter for YEARS
We all are
R.I.P The Fluffy xD
been on team butter around the first mod reviews
It’s good to have you back
JEROMEEEE OH MY GODDD YAS
OH...OH BOY °^°
It's weird seeing Adam go back six years in the past it's like I'm back on my freshman year of highschool
#TeamButterAllTheWay
Adam are you actually enjoying what you’re doing now?
Love ur vids
I dunno why this was in my recommendations but i"m happy
Adam needs to get his mic back
I was for 87 quintillion years
im not with team butter im with team budder
Man memorys
Are these reuploaded vids?
My childhood is back
!! Amazing vid
B-b-b-BUTTER?!?
“But speaking of fluffy.. there’s eight million dollars on my head”
What happened to Adams mic?
He’s finally back
Damn the nostalgia😢
Jerome and Sky are pretty much John Wick every time they log on and get bounties on their heads
#TeamCrafted
Yeeee boiiiiiii
MEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
#teambudderrrrr
The...the....audio NOSTOLGIA
That hesitation to say fluffy, I felt that. Aaaahh the nostalgia loop I was just thrown through
That thumbnail brought back so much nostalgia
team crafted <3
I AM!!
Restoration 100
#teambutter
"Nyheheh, inhales no :)"
Still sky army and got the hoodie to prove it
TEAM BUTTER!!!!
TEAM BUTTER!!
Team Butter 4 life
THE RETURN OF THE KING
This makes me so happy he sounds so alive in this one and I'm so happy all the nostalgia is coming at once and I'm winded by it thank you Adam for making my childhood amazing and also making my teenage years good too you are literally my idol and please never give up we all love you adam
i love budder
Wait i thought these were reuploads lol
buttercookie crunch
Butter 🤤
10/10 audio xD
Here since 2012.
Get down Mr Butter lord *Jump of the way and Get Shot by a Arrow *
#TeamButter
#TeamButter
#TeamBudder
#TeamBudder
Will you still be making music?
fans eyes while crying omg I can not believe he’s back
coolest minecraft player
welp this brings back memories
He back
He attack
But more importantly 
Butter
#teambutter
It’s nice to have ya back. since I was bout 13 when I started watching you, and  having moved on from mc then gettin back into it and  since moved on again, now that I’m 19 it’s weird how much entertainment you’ve given me even tho I don’t play much. seeing you get back in is heavily refreshing. I know for a fact you were the first YouTuber I ever watched and subscribed to. Good luck man
#pastrami city
I miss truemu
You have no idea how happy this makes me
wow the nostalgia from when i was like 10
Why does he sound depressed
2 views 42 likes hmmmmmmmmmmmm
Team butter for life
Childhood back, ex wife? Left me, hotel trivago
TEAM BUDDER
TEAM BUDDER
WHATS HAPPENING TO ME WHY ARE MY EYES LEAKING, WHY AM I SAD AND HAPPY
He wasn’t waiting to swing and the server thought he was auto clicking poor sky
Yo when I saw butter in the title I started smiling the biggest smile butter is making a comeback
That mic makes it feel like an old video
I can actually feel my heart beat for once.

The nostalgia. My childhood. Sky singing

I’ve watched these videos since I was a very small kid, 8 years old being obsessed with Minecraft and starry eyed Now I’m 18 and it still making me nothing short of happy. This is the best feeling. I’m so proud of Adam 💛 I hope heather recovery goes better than planned
Meee zen
You should do a unturned role play
I hope the sky army comes back to gather
Butter.... 😐😩
#team.butter
2 views 13 comments 41 likes woowww
Sky, if you can, can u get in contact with MCuniverse, I miss him, u, and deadlox playing parkour maps. Also ur the best guy in the world I’m so happy ur back
Boi i never left
#pootiful
Jerome sounds like he wants to die secretly
Team Butter vs Team  squid
He called Jerome fluffyyyy!!!
I LOVE BUTTER
Clicked faf
Will you change your sky intro? If you still like it it doesn't matter I still like it :D
Butter vs margarine
Team butter! :D
Omg my childhood has returned
The constant influx of other players spam private messaging Sky is kind of annoying lmao. Just let him enjoy the game without asking for stuff.
TEAM BUTTER FOREVER MAN!!!!!!
I luv u sky!❤️ we all do!
Jerome is carrying the vibe, i know u can be better sky, just share what's on your mind more
Turn on audio
This is everything!!!!
I remember all the modded cops and robbers and all the old videos I love those
Team crafted
#SkyArmy
Everyone, absolutely Everyone is on team butter.
BUTTER ARMY
distant screaming
my brother is 18 after I showed him this he cried
the damn nostalgia mannnnn. wish i could go back to the days
meeeeeee
My childhood is slowly returning from the dead.
More like Team Nostalgia
Oh man its been like 8 or 9 years now but even now your vids put a smile on my face. Idk what's happened in the time in between but I just wanted to tell you you're an amazing person and I have alot of fond memories of your stuff. Thanks for being a part of my childhood my dude
YASSSSSSS
Fluffy Chewbacca is back!!!!
Yes team butter
7:58 reminds me of cops n robbers when sky’s skin was Pikachu
I used butter brother
Yeeeeeeeeereeeeee
Can... Can we get another irl fishing video? Hella wanna see bubba mason fish 👌👌👌
I wanna play
:/
What happened to team crafted😭
NO WAYYYY
FLUFFFFFYYYYYYYYYYYY
Butter!!!!!!
its budder
So this is my childhood again... I really did miss these vids Sky.
Boodderrrrr ya gatta love da buutterr.
Sky had the condenser wand in his invo when he went into the war zone on the last vid
Team butter
my 2012 heart is crying
It has now begun once again.
when did sky come back ?
So cool to see you posting again!
FLUFFY!!!!!!
Buttttteeerrr
Okay, why does sky's videos look 100% worse than what they were before? Like, I know he doesn't have his old setup but I doubt he's recording only on a 600$ laptop from target
i got out of the hospital a little while ago, AND I MISSED YOU SO MUCH!!!
sky on smp live when
Me: *sees a notification with budder in the title*
Me: TEAM BUDDER FTW *clicks*
A true, rowdy butterboi.
I thought it was the Sky Army or Somthing like this
Budda
why’s the mic quality so bad
Team butter sense you started
It’s so good to see you back at the Minecraft thing sky
Play Bubsy 3D please.
Lets go BuddaBois!
I am and always will be😂
I have no words, I thank you for the entertainment when I was younger! I am glad you are back but don’t feel pressured, it’s up to you to take a break, not us, have fun, and remember to have a break!
Hola lol I speak in English
I love you
I just got a hard hit in the head of nostalgia when that intro started
im on Team Crafted
been here since 2011 😭 I miss watching this
I don't wanna die is the first thing i hear lol
The return of the king.
im on team butter
is Jerome that enthusiastic in real life?
is Jerome that enthusiastic in real life?
Nostalgia joined the chat
Cant hear you from all the way over there adam
I’m loving the new videos! But I just wish I could understand you bit clearer, I don’t know if it’s the mic or...idk...but keep up the great work. I just want to understand you so I can here you input in the video.
Respect
Is sky ever gonna get a better mic
oof that echo
Your back
Since 2010 who like Minecraf
The real question is who isn’t?
I’m so glade you’re back to playing minecraft and that you’re having fun with it!! You were a big part of my childhood and I’m so happy to see you back!
Happy to see you recover
Me I am the buttermaster
NIICEE enes akin! great job!
Omg the memories
Adam died with the condenser last episode lmaoo
My username was heavily influenced by watching your videos when I was younger. I loved your videos to death, and nothing can change my opinion on you
I can taste my childhood already
ill join your BUTTER TEAM
Hearing butter was a nostalgia shotgun to the face
I still listen to L.A lights
He ts fan!
#BUTTER
team butter for 7 years
We missed you sky
CAN YOU AND TY REDO SHRINKCRAFT
I vote new intro.
You need to play with Ross
2021: Sky vs T series
he would get 1198800000 mob coins in 37 years if it was still up
Omg get a new microphone
U still gonna make music?
I wonder what team I'm on
Everyone  #butter #skyButter
💖💖💖💖
Whatever happened to Lava Island Survival
First
0:39 oh yeah i forgot that sky was blind..
FOR THE BUTTER SQUAD! COME ON EVERYONE DO THE BUTTER DANCE
YA BUTTER NOW ALL THATS LEFT IS MOD REVIEWS
Ah heck,Here we go Again!
I remember always winning pink men slapping each other
14th
Memes
Daddy sky notice me
Butter*
Sky should do more song covers
I'm on Team Butter
Sky is subbed to t series
BUUUUTTEEEERRRR IISS MYY LIIIFEEE SSOOOOUUUURRRRCCCCEEE
Wow sky is still at the grind
I’m on team FIRE
Im on team butter
Plus its BBBBUUUUUUUDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRR not Bitter
Wheres my butter brothers at?
While cookie refers to the rabbit you need butter to make a cookie making butter one of the reason s cookies exist so butter is logically better
All the nostalgia feelies rn 😭
wait what happened to the office
BUTTERSHDBEUBD
The king is back
My childhood is back
im still confused who is who
I don't suppose Adam and Jerome could claim each other's bounties, could they?
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh nostalgia fuffy XD
So your camera mic recorded this time, hm?
I was so happy when he did mine craft
This is so nice.
Lmao
Golden butter
I’m on the squid army...
He didnt make a house he made a fortress
Not gonna lie I need to hold on the butter I've eaten to much
not first BUT I STILL LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!no homo
You sound tired
Change ur back ground to the old one plz
00:13 nostalgia hit me like a bus
we need do not laugh back and cops and robbers
Is dis real?!
First
hi dad
I was just searching up some old YouTubers from my childhood and i come back to see that you’re making Minecraft videos again 👌🏽 thank you for bringing my childhood back
Miss you sky!
Hello sky
Hello sky
NOSTALGIA
New music soon?
Bruh... You sound depressed. You ok?
Look cool 😎 and welcome back to Minecraft sorry im very late
How's the rapping career goin'?
Reminds me of the good old days anyone remember when jerome added like 50 people into their call during a hide and seek recording
Did they switch channels?
Budder -3-
Play with ROOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Sky jesus how are you uploading so much
You Back ....... Skydoesminecraft bring the Team Craft Back
0:43
138th!
Sky I'm so happy that you are back in to minecrafy you made me smile wane I wus down with youre older videos but now I'm more happy so thank you
This was so nice to watch
Im on team octu.. I mean squid.
The moment he said "Fluffy" it brought me back!! A blast from the past!😃
THE NOLSTIGA!
I have been a team butter member since early 2011!
Sorry, I’m on Team Cheese. It’s like your kind, but more yellow. 😎
172 views 
215 likes 
1 dislike 







YouTube isnt broken. Gangsta recognize Gangsta
What happened to old Jerome
Bruhhh he's back
Sky why you come back
Budder
He's come back
The number of times the words “nostalgia” and “childhood” is said in the comments is more than the number of fans Beyoncé has-
Remember the squids?
Only 2 members left
b u t t  e r
Fluffy
I’m on team butter
I’m on team butter
I am!
Butter
Y’all remember the butter dance
Give me the CAPE
You’re not fooling everyone Adam, we know what you are doing
Just saw you are back in town. Music didn’t go your way??
Wether you like it or not
Come on
sky needs a new mic
WAT HOW LONG HAS HE BEEN POSTING AGAIN YOUTUBE WHY DIDNT U TELL ME THIS!? BRUUUUH IM SOO HAPPY TO SEE YOU BACK!!!!!!
Yes
I actually tierd ul a bit
From 12 year old me to 17 year old  me I still feel happy when watching Sky.
Hello
Bring Back TEAM CRAFTED join forces once more
Bring back mod showcases my guy.
Why is sky so far away??
Says 2 views with 21 comments and 71 likes ???
Hi
Hi
TEAM BIDDER FOR LIFE MAN
So Minecraft is coming back
I can’t believe you’re still alive after all this time
ME!
YAY!  :3
IM ON TEAM BUUUUUUTTTTTTTER!
Me papa
MinePranks?
is it me or does it sound like Adam  is in the bathroom
Yay new sky block video
BUDDER!!!!!!!!!
Yeet
Cool
nice vid
It feels like its 2013 again
Team butter, on the day before my birthday
Gold
Did anyone else see the fortnite video that he deleted? I have the notification still but when i click on it its not there lmao.
What’s up I love butter on toast and grilled cheese and hot dogs
Lol nostalgia who else is visibly crying?
Who tf disliked
80th
i am
Aaaah
BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
im happy hes back but hes probably only back to earn/get  more money
This is like a wish come true.... it’s almost exactly like the old days...
OH SHOOT U STILL POST MINECRAFT. oh I miss 2013
0:33 what’s with the audio?
I got my little cousins to Play Minecraft everyday now it’s there favorite game now 😭❤️
they understand me now it was so sweet ❤️❤️
Hopefully u bring do not laugh back.
Does watching this make anyone else feel like a kid again?
Adam I don't even remember when I started watching I've watched for Soo long
Budder~
Its both good to see him enjoying himself but then you realise he'd probably spent all his money and now he's desperate
Fluffy
That name triggers something good
hiiiiiiiiiiii
Can’t believe I watched a let’s play of minecraft. I like this
BUUDDER
bring back cops and robbers!
*budder
wow
I am
I am
Sky here’s a tip shortcut to sprinting press the left ctrl button on the keyboard your pinky will reach so you don’t get hit by all those players during war arena
Lol momey down?
UWU
I feel like the kid I was 5 years ago
ME
Someone tell me if he stopped doing music and is backt to minecraft??!?!?/ whaaaaat
11 million subs.  50k views.  Pathetic.
Buttttterrrrrrrrrrrr
Play diversity 3 with everyone sky!
jassen oves yu
Me
Bedwars?
So my grandma had leukemia. She got over it and survived, and me and my family were so happy. But she recently in her recovery got a massive fever of 103.4°. She saw her doctor and he said that she got it back, acute cancer. At her age and point of recovery she has slim to no chance of surviving. Moral is to spend time with those you love. You never know when they’ll die or how fast.
all i need is some adventure maps and some minecraftuniverse and thats a step back to the past
I am
Who else was 7-10 years old and checking back when your 14 or 15 years old
Bedwars plaease man
Budder*
Glad to have you back in the Youtube world. Hoping to see you with Jess, Ross, Preston and all of your old friends!
It feels like I’m back in 2012
Are u beefing with SSundee still?
Sky here a challenge bathe in butter with Ross
resubscribed to you since u play Minecraft now :D, and i unsubscribed from SSundee after quiting minecraft
budder
Ah
Does anyone else feel like Adam isn't really better? He sounds sad and forcing himself to say things...
Me
Hey you should reunite with ssundee.
First!!!
I thought he stopped gaming vids or did he start them again?
Im sorry and i understand it all, But can we pleas stop talking about the nostaliga? Its understandeble But Its starting to get a little Anoying. Cant we make funny comments about stuff that happens in the video?

Like how, out of all the servers they choose Archon to play skyblock?

Or how the chat isnt filled whit people yelling
 
I’m on team butter even thought I’m lack toes and toddler ants
it is provin minecraft is coming back
I’m a og
How's your son?
Since when did Sky start posting Minecraft videos again?
Me
ME
So did your music career fail or something? I don’t understand why you started doing Minecraft videos again. You listed some pretty good reasons why you left. Was it money?
I'm in
I was bored...I search all my old Minecraft youtubers I used to watch which includes...Yogscast,Bajan Canadian,Ssundee,Skydoesminecraft...

and...wow he is back?!
ye
First
First
Epic
First ngga
BUTTTTTTTEEEEEERRRRRRR DONT LET DA SQUIDS GET DA BUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEERRRRRRR
25 give me a heart pls because today is today
First Sky plays Minecraft again
Then he plays cookie clicker in Minecraft?
NOSTALGIA 100
I don’t really have much to say besides saying I hope everyone has a great day today including you, Sky!
Have we gone back in time .... Is this real
Jerome: Then take all there cookie’s




Sky:*mad frog sound*
Remember cookie clicker?
This is it now
Feel old yet?
Just want to say...Im happy that he's back
I watched your mod videos years ago when I was a kid, the nostalgia is real.
Adam, im genuinly glad you seem happy. Depression sucks and it's a sign of strength when you can beat it. SkyArmy is here for you.
Play do not laugh with Bajan Canadian, Jerome, and deadlox pls
Go Adam you go do the killing of the people DOO TTTHHHHEE THIIINNNG
Henlo good sir! I've been watching since the early days! Love you and I support you in all of your decisions!
Bladehell didn't have good sportsmanship at the end. 
"bg"
"I want a new teammate"
I can hear the happiness coming back into ur voice and honestly its nice to see ur progress sky. Love u bro keep up the good work
SKY YOUR BACK
my childhood is saved <333
Blade:”I want a new teammate” 
Me:🤣🤣🤣🤣 
11:45 
I feel bad for them no mercy or anything just straight up killing🤣🤣
Bladehell: I want a new teammate?

Dropsy: am I a joke to you?

Bladehell: yes
Sky: 1:34 in my au: GAAASSP Herobrine?? father?!?!?
Everyone look it up 
Sky is following T series on Twitter
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN YOURSELF SKY
no views, 1 like,  12 comments 


12 comments but I don't see a n y
If u click the like ur awesome if u don't than ur not awesome
Hi Adam I just wanna say that I love your videos so much and hearing your voice and how happy you sound makes me smile ❤️
he played minecraft its cool again im logging back in and playing skywars till 8 am
Sky is back into MC. YESSSS. The sky army was the first army I joined long ago.
Keep up the good work and bring Minecraft back from the dead
I didn’t know you stated uploading again oml Adam I missed you so much!!
its soo good and you should play with aphmau
He’s still using that old intro

Nostalgia
Sky has now been pronounced 
I missed this you Adam, always a fan since around 8000 subs. It makes me so proud of you man. Much love from a Pennsylvania stoner. Keep at it broski 💞
Bro I swear Sky is actually getting better every video THANK GOD WELCOME BACK
anybody gonna point out that the title says "mincraft"
Adam so happy to see ur doing well and playing with Jerome! (▰˘◡˘▰)
Bro make more videos your awesome dude I'm dying of laughter 😂
Jerome shodve said lets make a fool out of blade and dropsy
Keep it up my dude. Unfortunately this video will never be as good as my humble bio project that I did in Minecraft.
I had noting to watch
Then I found this video








Legit nostalgia
That intro is amazing.
I watched you since I was 6(2012)
SKY, you should do a jaws themed rp, kinda like you did with the crafting dead also HAVE A GOOD DAY
Nice to hear that ur back to normal!😁
Adam, please explain why you're subscribed to T-Series
I'm glad to see Jerome in these videos- Extremely glad I was very bias back in the day and always felt Jerome made a Sky video :p

(I still think this but I love the videos none the less)
Adam isn't loud in this video....

WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT DID YOU DO TO ADAM!?


I hope you're ok bud. :D
the butter has lived on through tough times, BUT IT PREVAILED #skyplaysminecraftagain
+1 old time fan
I am so happy to see Sky/Adam playing again. :) <3
That intro take me back like i was time travelling
WHAT IS GOING ON IN THIS WORLD?! AHHH nostalgia hits everywhere!
Just what i needed after a tense day ❤️
"no comments" hold my butter

also its great seeing adam happy. started watching him in 3rd grade and still watching in high school
hello sky, I'm a BIG fan of you but I couldn't keep watching your videos over 5 years; I'm sorry for that. But from now on, I'll enjoy your videos, including MINECRAFT, and so on. thank you SKY, AND-

WE LOVE YOU
Y'all should play money wars together
First. Keep up the good work Adam
Dropsy was Droppin' frames
I got some vietnam flashbacks cause of the intro
I thought this was a reupload
Whenever my parents asked me my dream in life, I said I wanted to get a pin from Skydoesminecraft.

PLEASE PIN THIS....
I'm watch ur vids instead of playing kahoot
to the 3 people who disliked this, I will find you.
Hey sky I haven’t watched you in a while but I’m glad you’re uploading again but I still enjoy your vids
Hey Adam I’ve been a long time fan. Very happy your back with Jerome! Much love
DAMN I USED TO WATCH YOUR VIDEOS SO LONG AGO

LIKE WHEN SSUNDEE WAS STILL HERE, OR WHEN DAWNABLES WAS HERE

GLAD TO KNOW THAT YOU'RE STILL MAKING QUALITY CONTENT
Adam sounds tired but I’m happy that he is getting better and finding the joy in things again
This video made me happy bc it felt like 2014 again
DO MORE HIDE AND SEEK WITH APHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH breaths MAU!!
Adam I love you and your music,  but this content just isn't the way it used to be it almost feels forced. Stay lit man
I haven’t seen your videos in probably years. I kinda missed your videos so I’m deciding I want to feel nostalgic so I’m probably just gonna binge a few videos 😂 glad you’re back.
Brooo I haven't watched you for years and I just suddenly remembered you and decided to watch your old videos, I was so happy when I saw that your YouTube name isn't "SkyDidMinecraft" anymore😭😭 I'm cryiiingggg
when yo paycheck start lackin post a new minecraft video out of the blue to up ya bag.     okay adam
Hi proud to see you back I have been watching science roommates and remember #pastramycity
Yay uploads from my favorite Youtuber
IT GAVE ME CHILLS WHEN I HEARD THE INTRO
Jeromo : then we take all their cookies 
 
Me : Nuuuuuuu my cookies * runs with the cookies *
Ah im excited to come back after nostalgia :) This is gonna be amazing
"Bunny Rabbit Showdown, that's all you need to know"-Adam 2019
Same skin same intro same quality
Hey thanks for trying to help out during the stream with the man with a high top on Instagram
OHHHHH THE INTRO OH MY LORRRRDDDDDDDDD SKYDYWUUREJ
Woah I remember buying the budder backpack that is still in my room.
Hey sky when are you doing season 2 of maze runner its been 4 YEARS 
I love maze runner and im still waiting for season 2 😡
remember the good old days when you would get home from school and watch sky :(((
10/10 would cookie again
Will you ever get the old crew back? (Barney,Ross,Etc.)
Im crying. The good old times are back.
No views 58 likes 11 comments even do I’m the first
You need to start playing with vikk and pet they just started to play again

Like so sky can see
My childhood is being recreated and I could not be happier
I miss roommates
i watched his vids from the start..missed his minecraft videos with deadlox
Nobody 

Best game/YouTube’s make a comeback at of nowhere
if its possible can you play with Ross and Max
I’m so glad to see you better sky!! #skyarmy! I’ve been watching since the orig pack and the first couple cops and robbers !!! I love you so much
10/10 Thanks for bringing back the feels.
Wait that intro omg my childhood
Ma mum: son!!! Lets go to school!!!!

Me: nah mum skydoesminecraft just posted!!!!!!!!!
I am glad he is back to the old intro
sky can u play with ross and max with jerome to play do not laugh
We're back in the year 2000 where sky's mic audio is bad
So basically cookie clicker? 🤣

Not to get sappy, but thank you so much for coming back Sky. I've been watching your videos since close to the beginning and when you returned I found a source of happiness that I didn't know I missed- your videos give me so much joy, so thank you again Sky for coming back!!
Sky you are my favorite person and I love your music
Anyone remember the "The New World" 😪
Adam... you doing okay man? You sound off in this video.
Is the 1.5K like:  i never felt more special
Is he back? Or this is just re uploaded?
Bring back team crafted Or make a new Team????
the mic peaking reminds me of a simpler time
The intro hasn’t changed for years, ah the times. Prison escape and fun times.
Minecraft added feature tips:
Like so sky can see
1. 1.9 update changed PVP so with weapons you need to wait a bit after hitting for more damage. This is shown by the crosshair in middle of screen.
2. Aquatic updates allow you to venture into the deep, find shipwrecks and treasures, as well as crafting the trident
3. A swimming animation was added. It allows you to swim faster. Just sprint then jump in the water and keep holding spring key.
Hope this helps 🙃
Did sky forget how to play Minecraft
I’m liking the more subdued title. Less caps.
Hi sky I love Butter as much as you
That is gonna be an oof from me bois
You can win. Never give up unless they offer you a cookie
Did sky forget his to play mine craft again
It's so good to see your notifications again!
I love how you still have the same intro
NO WAY NO WAY DUDE ;-;
Is it just me or I read the title "Mincraft" ?
They called me a madman ;-;
this is too nostalgic, i think i need a hospital
i love this dude keep up the fun vids :D
"subscribe as well if ur new" *sad happy noises"
Honestly has sky tried reconnecting with his old friends?
Bring Back Team Crafted💯
Play pink men slappin’ on each other!!! I haven’t finished the vid yet but ik ima love it
I miss your old videos u sounded so much happier in the past
Adam I think you should play Bed Wars :)
102 likes but no view
...... hhhmmmmmm. 







Welcome to YouTube
You should do wanted weekend again for nostalgia
This was just a video of bullying... and with Jerome carrying
I bet some coffee/five hour energy would help Adam/sky xD
6:35 how does SkyDoesMinecraft not know this stuff
Adam we love you but make sure you are safe we lost u before and dont want that to happen again also continue with your singing career and have fun
Oh I miss you my old friend
This is literally what sky was when he started and the nostalgia is amazing. It’s like I’m watching one of the really old ones.👌👍🤤
adam for hermitcraft season 7
Bring back the other TeamCrafted members, then we gucci 😁
DUDE HIS OLD INTRO!!!!!
the intro music made me cry
Do more cookie wars
I have been a fan of yours for a long time I am glad you are uploading here again hopefully you see this you always made me happy when I was sad and when my parents got divorced thank you for making great videos
Sky why don't you do do not laugh anymore i miss ross and mithzan and you working together ❤
Go to my yt plu roro
i am actually enjoying this....thats some nice memories
NOTIF SQUAD
I'm glad to see Sky happier.
I'm crying...
It feels great to be back in 2012. When the world was much simpler and Sky was posting videos with his amazing crew. Thank you for the Nostalgia Sky!
Thanks to endgame ,now we can go back in time...Thats why we are here cookie wars!!!!
Oh god. That intro. Nostalgia.
you can clearly see that he is not having fun
I remember being about 10 watching you and now your back 
Bro I thought you yeed your last haw
Only true fans will remember his cops and robbers.
This is making me relive the old days back in 2013/2014. I'm so happy you're back Sky and you sound like you're recovering well. Im so proud of you and everything you've done. I hope the journey to happiness will treat you well and all of your loyal fans will always be here for you! :)
Im crying anyone else or im just a emotional fcker...
This is how the cookie crumbles.
What am I seeing 


Omg
NOT COOKIE ENOUGH
Remember fellas, give this man all your support, epic style. He deserves it!
God this feels like 2014..
I missed these minecraft videos!!!!!!!! THANK YOU!!!
Hi Adam!!! I am an old fan of yours and I was never was able to say anything to you because of your great fan base.
i have watched u since you did those hypixel herobrine maps. i love you new content butt i also miss your do not laughs and such. also i hope you bring back gta and other games on sky v gaming
The intro is the SAME
Hell yeah. Love it sky!
Before 200 views
SKY IS BACK??!?? YES
Man. I am actually really happy that you decided to come back adam.
man this brought back so many memories
I’m an oh it’s been so o long since prison exape tho
you are the only Minecraft YT i will watch i love you been watching for 6 years and just finally loged into a account i love you :)
No views 32 likes. I love YouTube
Classic love this game when I was like 10
Lol, y'all DOMINATED!!!!
Please bring back breakfast brigade that's like my life
Watched since 2011 as a kid now im older and im happy that your making these videos again its like you never left. Oh the nostalgia
Adam, I'm concerned. Do you need to talk?
That intro brings back memories
4:13 
Sky : walks in casually
ironically just had a cookie
Am happy that your back your the one of the first youtubers I watched ever and my mom yelled at me stop listening to people swearing XD
this is the first time I've seen this, im crying right now
I randomly decided to look up skydoesminecraft... I havent watched him since i was around 9 or 10... This brings a smile to my face.
Welcome back, old friend.
Hello skydoes i love uuuu
BRO WHO WANTS ROPLAY BACK
Do a epic parkour map like 3 years ago
Kys minecraft has some hype and you instantly hop on again you should get gunned down in the tmstreets
151 views. 200 likes
Anyone know the song in the background?
Its back😍😍
Weel weewel wwwwl guess how back
Thanks adam, this made my birthday :D
nostalgia 100
He’s alive!
Love your videos Adam
Rabbit cookie poops out cookies. akward silence nope! Don't touch those cookies! Lol 😆 😆 😆
Be more excited
Early squad anyone
Why is sky views not going up rather going down but here have 11mil subs hmm wait
Now we need Ssundee back lad's
Woah Sky plays minecraft again. Flashbacks to being a small human and watching his content ensue.
I just want to say that I’m incredibly happy that Adam is back and sounds happier! 
Now that Minecraft is making a resurgence, maybe Sky can too. Thank you for making these videos :)
You sound so much better!🤗
Any chance of the old skyvsgaming videos coming back up any time soon?
Let’s go sky army back
Next time butter war
Do do not laugh again
 Please
This is pretty gay change my mind
I had took a double take when I saw this, my god I wasn’t expecting this
Adam sounds so much better, kee it up and stay positive!
What is the server or mods in the vid
Just watching this alone brings back all the good memories tear going down my cheek
You were my childhood, i miss you man
im not used to Sky being this quiet but still ILY!!!
THIS IS A SET BACK!! OH THE NOSTALGIA
I can't believe my eyes...If you like pewdiepie better than T-series, don't go to the channels page on his youtube account..
I watched sky when I was like, 12? 13? I’m almost 20 now and the nostalgia is overwhelming.
Yo sky you know what would be dope, if you restarted your pixelmon server again. Just saying it be cool.
I would love to say I love your videos and keep up the great work!😄
Sky did you know there’s a new update in Minecraft called village pillage
Omg he’s back lmao
COOKIE MONSTER
I absolutely love the portal guns
Sky it hasent been that long why are you so   b a d
I haven't checked him out in YEARS!
HE IS ALIVE
Good to see Adam and his friends back on YouTube
This was nice. I enjoy this again
Posted 4 seconds ago.
I’m crying from nostalgia.
My smol lil heart
REACT TO ETIKA
Hey sky,i dont think you'll see this but I've been going through alot stress lately my friends have been opening up to me and what my friend who told me something that hurts them deeply but your videos  always cheer me up and I'm so happy that as you continue to make more vids you seem to be happier and it really helps me and I just wanted to say thank you :)
Why did my you scream like ahhh ahh ahh
This is sad that there are only 30 thousand views
Play run from the beast
DO MISSLE WARS
do face cam again plz
OMG 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Glad to see you back Adam
plz play do not laugh
Forgot Sky was blind
Yeah I’m gonna take my horse to the Old Town Road!
bring back ross plz. i really enjoyed your old videos with him.
Is it just me or it doesnt feel the same anymore
Wow I've missed this
You should do monster industry
my entire ass childhood right here oh my god
Try to join CallMeCarsons SMP live server.
HE'S???!? BACK!!!?!?! :DDDDD
2:05 "Yea I noticed that"
wait a second... SKY ARMY BACK????!!!!!!!!! nostalgia at its best
Great job your doing great on your videos
No views remember sky when he wos popular
The intro so nostalgic
I want to see more do not laugh I miss it
Back to the grind
“I want a new teammate “
When will there be a maze runner S2?
He's back yesss my childhood is back love u sky
Vision squad?
jerome and sky shouldn't be allowed on the same team. their raw power is too much together.
I thought u quit minecraft
This makes me so happy with nostalgia
Sky sounds 70% himself again
Love that youre back sky
Who thinks sky should play his music in the background of his vids?!
Man I have not watched you in a while sky you were like the first person I subbed to and I know you hit hard times I just wanted to say I fully support you still playing Minecraft you were always an inspiration so Thanks 🙏🏻
i thought sky quit minecraft?
Is it me or does Adam sound bored☠️☠️
I’m sooooooooo happy your back! 🙂
We need more
gimme a cookie.
Great Scott! A skydoesminecraft video in 2019?
What is this? A throwback episode?
You boys remember caps and robbers
Adam sounds so much happier, I just hope he isn't faking it :(
Sky I love u man
People still watch him?
Sky prob won't see this but...where has nubby and the flag gone?
Good to hear you laugh again sky
Is this a re upload bc when I use to watch his Minecraft vids back then he used the same intro just like today if not then damm this is an old intro
The memory's
yeah i miss this
AM I THE ONLY ONE ASKING THIS QUESTION
Damn. George really had to do it to em
Excuse me, what.
I love this game.
bad audio but hey he's just now coming back so i won't put it past him
Ru still gonna do music?
EVERYTHING’S REVIVING. YESSSSSS.
adam and jerome clapped them by taking there cookies
YAAAAASSSSS
I feel old. But happy
So happy to have the miecraft videos back
Hi Sky! I have a suggestion to make, can you please please please do a Battledome like you did before because I absolutely loved those videos
Host a Reddit RIGHT
allow people to make new intros for you cause this one is SO OLD
Sky I has an idea on what your next video should be, but if you don't want to do it it's fine. Here it is. The game is called Dark Deception it's a horror game that mimics Pac-man check it out but if you don't it's fine it's just a suggestion.



Edit: I had to change the word smh to sky cause I was auto corrected.
No views, 31 likes, and 5 comments
Gold is butter
Sky we missed you even though your back we still miss you but we love the new you to
HIII SKY I LUV U
You were the reason why i started to play Minecraft. I hope that you would play some os jail break again xD
Chewbacca and Han Solo joined the group chat
Will someone tell Adam not to spam attack??? Please?!?!?!
Ahhh the NOSTALGIA
Is awesome
Dude this wild when did i hop in a time machine
Its so nice to see adam back and happy.
One of the Minecraft youtubers who hasn’t gotten corrupted from Fortnite.
Omggg thx antvenom for telling me sky is back... I remember when I was 10, I stole the family iPad and would hide under my blanket and watch the survival game series or the herobrine play through, this man's is so good, he influenced my damn childhood, sky  you're a lad
lol i thought he quit minecraft
BaconMan And Pancake Pal 🥓 🥞
Lava swimming, fascinating information
Remember ksi?
This was rossum
This isnt the same as it used to be😢
NOT FIRST
ya yeet
same tbh
“”N O S T A L G I A   S E T   T O   M A X”””
I just had a nostalgiagasm
First here
AHH THE 2013 FEELS
Is this real?!?!?! We love you Sky!!!!
this is so nostalgic
Nice 👍🏽
SQUID SQUID
Sky is back
Welcome back
Why no Budder?
I like cookies
:3
where can i play this game?
Just returned to see how my favorite Minecraft youtuber was doing. I first watched you when I was 9 and now I"m 15. Is Team Crafted back together?
Sky your back babe
Perfect
Make a discord
You should do hide n seek with Jess
Wait I thought he quit
Ah the nostalgia...
Nice to know minecraft content is still alive on YouTube after the viner and fortnite clickbaiter invasion
Omg sky playing minecraft again I feel so young again
Do Hunger Games again plz
OH THE NOSTALGIA 😄
Any mod showcases
Bring back the noisestorm backround music
Why does this feel so nostalgic - I feel like he might be reposting videos but it can’t be so “-“ nostalgia galore
Jeez no comment
I want a cookie
Do any of you remember Adam Turtle
PLay rust again!
jerome is probably the most wholesome youtuber out there probably
Yeshhhhhhh
Have I gone back a few years? This is deep nostalgia, my childhood is back🙌🏻🙌🏻
NOSTALGIA 100
Anyone remember monster industries?
BUTTER!!
It’s weird seeing that intro again still
what a nooooooob
Aye he's back
what in the hell are these recommendations?!
am I the only one that hears the sadness in his voice
WHERE IS APHMAU
From Antvenom minecraft is getting poppular?????
KSI saved your career 🙏🏽
where is the next minecraft game
t-the nostalgia is real .. this was 3 hours ago ?? don’t you mean 3 years ago ??
This was really entertaining
SKYYYYYYY URRRR BACK!!! BOUT TIME
Nostalgic
do i deserve to be the first viewer? lmfao ive been watching since cops and robbers episode 9 in 2013
Cops n robbers pls
First
He sounds so life less its sad...
I like ur video
Just came to check back on him since he was my childhood in itself and he's coming back, keep it up Sky!
FIRST
Miss watching sky vedios . Hope your doing good dude and hope you get full support for depression. Know it sucks  and hope your doing great
Epic guy
Adam uploading and being himself again makes me so happy💕
Firs
IS IT JUST ME OR MY CHILDHOOD IS COMING BACK TO EXISTANCE
Minecraft
Hi
life
Hi
I love this.
EVERYONE IS HERE!!
Jerome sounds like a really happy and young Sky
Cooooookkieeeeessssssss?!?!?!?!?
Cookie Monster: 'Rabbits!? Well these aren't the cookies I'm looking for... (Rabbit drop Cookies) COOKIE!!! (Killer Bunny shows up and kills him), Cookie...
Imagine if sky made a mod showcase
Aahhhhhhhhh
I knew it. The second you announced a rap career. You completely failed. You gave up you're life of fame that earned you a place in many hearts including my own. I beg you to go back to being sky does minecraft.
neat
DO NOT LAUGH!??! MINECRAFT!!?
Doesn’t get as much views anymore
Hi
Hi
I have not watched you in 6 years
Hey sky, been a while since I last watched yout videos, last time I watched you was the update video and i see you've uploaded again quite a bit and I hope you're doing well, I hope you have good fortune in your future and that you are as happy as you can be with gooby, good job on getting the proper help, it takes a lot of courage to admit you have problems and I applaud you for your bravery, anyways as always have a good day.
no views, no likes ..... theres a problem here
100
You should play with Max, if possible
Came back after 8 moths. HE'S DOING MINECRAFT AGAIN?!?! THE NOSTALGIAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!
I love you Sky.
When did he come back
Do you still have shaders
Thx god
Are you sick sky your voice sounds weird
Anyone notice the toxic noob blame the teammate when he got killed?
he sounds so depressed and bored...
<3
Hello
21th
The Prophecy is True.. It is Prophecy that the Squids will rise up and destroy all. Yet, it’s said that the Mighty Sky will Rule again!
More minecraft 101 with ant venom
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
It’s not like the old sky 😭😭😭😭😭😭 he sounds like he doesn’t want to upload
Nice video
Have a great day sky if you are having a rough day I believe in you and you are stronger than you think.
Woot
H20 delirious has the same amount of subs but he gets 30k likes at least
Hey Adam, just a heads up. There's a small timer for attacks now. So, basically that line that appears under your plus thingy(Can't remember what that's called for the life of me). If you wait for that to refill, rather than just spam clicking, you will do more damage. I can't remember the version number exactly, but while you were away one of the updates added an  "Attack Cool-down".
This
brain do not laugh back
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
are these real like real time or pre recorded??
cool
cool
Sixth
Hey sky how would you feel if we made a you a nicer more modern intro?
Let’s goo it’s back
Thank u
I thought sky quited.
Who here feels old now?
I just saw the Minecraft theory “It’s getting more popular” and I saw you in it and I automatically came
Wpic
1st
Aren’t these just old videos because it said in the intro sky does Minecraft
Anyone else come here after watching some minecraft memes
Please play Do Not Laugh again with your trusted friends!
Great vid Adam
I haven’t seen sky in yearss
Please change your name back to skydoesminecraft
I MISS YOU SO MUCH
Yeh
Where did the fortnite vid go?
I feel like I’m 10 again
This isn't minecraft! This is mincraft!
Hello sky could you please email me so we could have a chat I’ve watched since you and ssundee played together in the big mansion
SkyStillDoesMinecraft
Did he delete the new vid?😂
Mooooooorrrrrrrrrreeeeeee pllllllleeeeeeeeaaaaaasssseee
Nice
Oh crap I didn't know sky did things anymore...
Stop spamming attack. It does less damage if u spam.
YouTube is going back 
To it's 2013 phase
Pewdiepie is uploading games (sometimes)
Skydoeseverything does Minecraft
The trending tab is finally fixed
Vikk is back uploading Minecraft
Fortnite is kinda dying (not dying but out of attention)
I've been watching ur videos since 2012 and ur vids are the best but the worst mistake u ever made was changing your name to skydidminecraft because you lost a lot of loyal subscribers and your vids just are the same. U sound so so and u sound no longer as energetic as u were. I hope you gain back your success in the future. Peace and good luck
Whooo
Wow, he's still making minecraft videos
I'm sorry where did the quality content go?  I get it nostalgia but at least do something entertaining like all you did was steal their stuff and then slaughter them. :(
Adam really isn’t enjoying Minecraft like the old days I could tell
Sky are you still friends with the watermelon guy.?
I'm to old for to watch Minecraft but. I'ma still do it
Adam do you know fitz? You'll probably have fun hanging out with him cuz I think you guys have the same humour other than that tnx for wasting ur time and giving us content we appreciate it very much
Bring back bedwars
sky PVP is different now if you want to get more kills you have to let your weapon charge there is a little bar underneath your crosshair once that bar is full again you should attack but only when it is full
Does anyone else remember bend the knee? That was bomb, Adam are you gonna be netbobody anymore I’m not pushing I just ant to know
Sky play with Rrrrrrrrooooooooossssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
play with rooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooos and mitzan pls
Y   E    S
WHAT THE HELL WHY IS THIS HAPPENING YOUR NAME IS SKY DOES EVERY THING?
I want the old sky this one seems to calm
Wow what the heck! I thought you stopped making minecraft videos ages ago!
I’m confused I heard sky quit Minecraft
hey sky. you should get with ssundee and play some fortnite with him and crainer.
hmmm kinda hoped the old adam that used to cuss non stop was back but i guess this will do
I feel like sky is just not enjoying himself
So basically it's money wars
I thought ant told sky not to spam attack
This is bringing me back to 12 years old
BRING BACK SSUNDEE TO MINECRAFT PLS SKY
Did I get stuck in 2014?
food
Hai
All I do is funny videos is all I’m saying
i don’t think I’ve ever seen a video with this amount of likes and so little dislikes
i mean i love sky but i dont know if hes doing this for fun or money didnt he said he hated minecraft
Play bedwars
So glad you’re doing Minecraft again, Sky! I started watching your Minecraft videos back in 2013. When you stopped, I felt a part of my childhood died. But now you’re back and I’ve regained some of my childhood! Thank you, Sky!
sky plz plz plz make your name "skydoesminecraft" again
what year is this? Am I 12 again? Please tell me that's the case...
Oof
Oof
Hey Adam, i know that alot of people are happy that you're making more Minecraft videos, but  in this video i dont know if your just sick or not feeling that well but from what it looks like to me, i dont think you're enjoying yourself in these videos. Me personally, i havent watched any of your recent Mc vids because I like to think that it was a point in my life when that happened where it was good and fun and would kind of be "ehh" to bring it back since it wouldnt be as good as the old videos were. So i dont know if you always sound like this or if its just this video, but im just assuming that you aren't happy doing this. I might be wrong but if you dont enjoy doing this then dont do it. Yeah people might be sad but in the end whatever makes you happy is more important than Minecraft videos, and i think alot of people would agree with me. Again, i could be wrong but your happiness is important to me fam.
Love you Adam 😊
Hello random person scrolling through the comments! I hope you’re having a great time watching Sky again!
have jess in do not laugh
Where’s house owner
Ye
Sky stop spam clicking
I'm crying I thought skydoesminecraft was gone for ever but I saw sky does everything I thought it was copy right but now I realize chewe where home thank u guys for what u do for the older kids that still remember prison break mudkip we still miss the series of fun
since when does adam upload again? also can someone tell me if he got his kid back
omg nvm
8
1:13 "then from there we..move from there"-Adam 2019😂😂💛
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHNEJHDVANVKJSUNEJDBGKVLKND<VUOIH:JNVDBHWHOAAOAOAOAOAOAOAOAOAO
cookies
Very good video sky
Cookies
Can we get Ross back please and do not laugh and aphmau please sky
The Minecraft king is back. So, thats why Minecraft is relevant again. Also, Adam you can turn off the new attack crap and put it back to the old one. It is in your settings.
Anyones else minecraft pe ios doesnt work? How to fix it? It takes really long time to load and freezes when i try to enter a world, please help!
E
E
I forgot about you. The only reason I remember is because the idea of playing Minecraft cane to me, and I remember you made this net nobody and tried to do something. Be with the trends or something, you hated Minecraft and being associated with it. I don’t watch your videos and just by listening to you I can tell you hate playing it. Your net nobody didn’t work out money wise so you are back here. At least you aren’t trying to seem all happy like you used too. I hope you figure things out. Don’t worry about the money, find what your looking for,
the king is rising back from the dead 😭 is the crew reforming too??
Ug
Adam is slowly getting happier and I love it 😁😁😁😁
Omg the gang is back!! Who’s been watching him seance 2012 like if u are
Adam is sounding better and better every episode, it's good to see him getting happier and happier. Keep up the good work Adam and hope you continue becoming happier
like if mine craft is coming back
I’m glad you came back I basically had nothing to watch when you left
if you give me clout i shall give you my wisdom. 







mc is coming back because we miss it
it is appreciated that you came back!<3
Damnit, why you gotta make me so nostalgic?
From skydoesminecraft to your real name to sky again but doing everything(includijg possibly reaction videos to other videos in the near future)your the best!
Who else loves seeing Adam back doing Minecraft
33 views 50 Likes????






Power OF BUTTER
One day everyone will be back into Minecraft dantdm and thinknoddles kinda came back
Love you sky clicked on the video instantly <3
Omg your back yeeessss how are you Adam? I hope your ok. I haven’t seen your vids in years. Good to see your back to uploading (if you ever stopped)
I'm happy that your getting better wish you full recovery.
I can feel how he gets happier and happier, dude Adam we all love you keep it going 
Love from Mexico 🇲🇽 👌🏾
sky i know you not be ready but can you do face cam?
HERE. I AINT FIRST BUT IM ALIVE
I'm glad Jerome is helping him back to his roots. The fluffy and budder king shall reign supreme once again
Pray to the budder lords to spare Adam
Edit:hi smallgunbigbang
I want the old Minecraft gang to get together and play the old games together so bad
He protecc
He attacc

But most importantly,
He bacc
Ah God, I couldnt stop smiling throughout the Video- Adam sounds So much more Happier Here!
If you read this




You reach the end of this comments
Please continue this series Sky!
let’s go sky back again
Omg I been watching you since you started I'm so happy your back and yaya cannibalism hehe I mean lol
Is so cool that your back man 😀👍🏼
Whos here from netnobody disstrack
didnt even know hes back
Wow it’s been forever since I last watched skydoesminecraft XD
Sky great vid really enjoyed it
Saw Jerome's video too lol good luck sky
Epic jump map if u want sky!
It's not letting me get on the server ~T□T~ it kept saying "Failed to connect to the server" but my wifi is good but it's still not working
Sky is back!!!!!!!!!! I been watching since I was like 5 or 6.
Since 2012
Pure gold entertainment ❤❤
Glad to see minecraft is back keep up the work <3
The budder god is coming back!
Adam you are amazing and you alway make my day, if you’re reading this, then keep up the great work! 
P.s. I love cops and robbers, so im be looking forward to the next ep. whenever it comes out :D
I missed you OMG I thought you left forever you are my childhood. When I saw that you are back it made my day . love you man
The intro nostalgia killed me
My top three favorite youtubers:
3.)Jerome
2.)Adam
1.)Jardon
body: REPEAT CHILD HOOD IS HACKING... REPEAT CHILD HOOD IS HACKING 

Me: um, nothing’s happening...

Also me 4 minutes later: BuTtEr      BUTTER!!!!!
Honestly you are my favorite content Creator and I'm so glad you are slowly getting back to a place where you are happy again you sounded so we'll robot like before but I hear genuine happiness again keep it up with all the great content
Welcome back, glad to have you on board again
It's gonna take a long time to get used to the new block textures
I’m so disgusted 






Your subscribed to t series
SKY UR BACK I SUPPORTED U SINCE JAIL BREAK U SAID U LEFT I CRIED OML U LUV I SUBPORT UUUUU ♡♡♡♡
I just realized Sky is subbed to T-Series. (Yeah I know the meme is dead.)
I nearly cried when I saw that intro
Time to run back the MC GANG
YOU SHOULD DO U COLLAB WITH APPPPPPPPPPPHMAU —Like if u agree
I just watched the first seconds of the video and saw the intro. I just got 5000 flashbacks.
Watching Adam slowly get more energetic is so amazing
Omggg that intro brings back memories
Glad your back! Broke my heart when you left... and can you do more GTA with the gang? Possibly the older ones like Ross or something? 😂
Jerome saying "Wait what" brings back so many memories
The Legendary Gamer is B A C K!
Yoo sky was happening. I remember when u were goin through some stuff hope all is well now, you sound a lot better bro. It’s really cool to see an og you tuber come back, as I have watched your videos since the beginning✌️🤘Glad to see your back
kek he lost the 2 things jerome was so excited about.
Bro he’s back, WHAT?!
the gang isn't back but its slowly getting there and i love it
Im not gon stop commenting 😂
Bring Back Baconman 🥓 And Pancake  Pal 🥞
Just noticed that the emerald, diamond and gold texture looks so weird
I love how you seem way happier in this episode ^_^
I got chills down my spine when i heard that intro. My childhood is this man.
He sounds so happy!!! Ah I love this 😭
Advice from community:
Change your name back to 
Sky Does Minecraft
Omg yess the the old intro I missed the old intro so muchhhh
SO MUCH NOSTALGIA from that opening
I haven’t watched one of his videos in so long so when I saw the intro gave me a lot Of memories
I enjoyed the video! I love the Sky block series!! :)
1:57
the way he said that was so whole some and optimistic
glad to see you back man
My favorite childhood YouTuber is back and I'm really happy
Jerome: oh yea btw there is a 24 mill bounty on your head
Adam:say what now?
yay another episode :D
These guys are my childhood my favorite YouTubers
Adam, i am so happy that you are feeling alot happier
Amazing vid plz keep up the great work👍
Adam's gonna become King of the Pirates
I love Sky being happy with what he is doing

Idc what he does, as long as he does what makes himself happy
Welcome back Adam. You lost a bit of your charm, but I’m glad you’re back.
Its been a long time since I've watched him.
@sky you should do a pokemon randomizer with a friend lol
My childhood has been restored. We love you Adam, ❤️❤️
:D I think sky should try and do mod reviews again
You should join smp live
This is my favorite minecraft video since you came back
Bring Team Crafted Back
What is the highest eff level for pic can you get this server.
I love how the old Sky is coming back
Not just making videos but now he’s acting like he used to
I can’t express how happy I am I almost want to cry
Ive been watching from 2011
love that not only are you back to playing Minecraft, but you're also using the old Minecraft intro
Sky you should play jailbreak on roblox
Love u man.
It's starting to annoy me that Sky doesn't store his stuff before KoTH.
HES GETTING HAPPIER AND THAT INTRO YEEES!
Sky aint on that pvp game no more.
He’s more active!
Sky, you checking out 2B2T?
Happy to see adam back bit can you do me a favor and put the song guap song on spotify please
Just watched Jerome's so skys point of veiw next
Adam your the fricking best
Hey I've been watching since the tostitos thing you did
MY CHILDHOOD HERO IS BACK! It’s been years man, I’m happy!
Hey Sky hope your doing well and I'm happy that your doing Minecraft again I love ya same with Jerome he's amazing for helping you ease back
Adam lost all those wands by not clearing his inventory lmao rip you two
Sky lost his enthusiasm
Its sp good to see sky happy again
changes to zim's voice YOU SMELLY HUMAN STINK BEAST changes back to normal voice
YEEEEET HES BACK
He probably gets high to get him through this 😂😂😂
to me it still feels like Adam is forcing reaction.
Sky does Everything subscribes T Series Look at Channels
when Adam took a break, mc was dying, but when Adam started playing it again, its slowly regenerating it to full health
CarbonDRFT was talking trash in the chat the entire time
Those 33 dislikes are all Minecraft haters
Only 1 dislike let’s keep it that way no more
I've missed you so much adam
I have watched you since I was in 2nd grade and i'm so happy you are playing Mine craft again.
I love it how you use the formula of your old vids
This is the sign that minecraft will be great again
Early squad
love to see you back after so long
Man its been years since i watched you gald to see your back
Minecraft crack mod
What gamemode is this? And what server can I play it on?
at some moment in the chat a player said ah sky can i have my 20 mil bounty back i laughed
See you later recruits
Are you ever gonna make more music?
I love sky being back but near the end he just sounded like he's given up again
This thumbnail is really cool!
adam sounds so much more happy! 😃
I’m glade that you can hear Adam sounding better, I remember watching him like 4 years ago, he made my childhood and made great memories
We need ross back
aOUCH THAT INTRO
Bring back butterlox
I’m so glad to see you back
Yes my bday video from sky
DUUDE you know what you should do. Whenever you're playing minigames add the old soundtrack in the background, I think the songs were  Noisestorm- Renegade and Airwaves.(if they're not copyrighted ofcourse)
I'm 23 now I feel younger watching this lol
You guys are back!?!?!?
Adam seems happy in this episode, I hope he's doing well
Ayy skys the best you can toppem in a sec you got it
Hi sky can you record aphmau/jess
Feels like 4th grade all over again
I love this series. Its awesome!
I'm glad to see you back
adam, truly got love for you and respect you for coming back to this game man, you were my childhood and i wish the best and will continue to support whatever you do, music and all
🚫 Stop scrolling ✋






I make music btw. Tell me what u think
Welcome back Adam ♡
Who remembers "new world"
PLZZZZZ POST MORE DONT LEAVE US AGAIN
Team crafted pls
Make the thumbnail like the old thumbnails
I missed you
This has been my favorite sieres in a long timr
It’s so great to hear you sounding happier again! Good luck powering through this, and I can’t wait for you to get back into the swing of things and feel confident and happy again!
Yes, my childhood hero is back :,D
I find it sad that Jerome has been uploading vids three-five times a day and sky was gone for a year and a half and has more subs than jerry has
The legend has returned
AHHHHH mah heart
thank god they came back to their roots. So nostalgic
So glad this series is going.
Remember SkyDoesMinecraft
So happy to that you are back, I grew out of Minecraft and this series is drawing me back in. Thank you for that Adam and you doing this with Jerome is amazing, after you left he became the number one Minecraft you tuber I watched. Then you two combine again and this is just one of the best things that could have happened
10:28 is that a discord notification i hear
i like how my username is relevant again
The bounty is because you didn't play Minecraft for so long and then you came back
You guys should play pixelmon again
Lmao why does this lowkey sound like they r one upping them selves at 10:50
i thought he stopped thooo 🤔
Yall need better mics
fill up the chests that get the ores just diamonds and emeralds so that you can place blocks that are worth more so that you get more is level and don't have to worry about chests filling up.
i have clicked faster
yess new ep
Adam please do at least 1 video with the rest of team crafted as well
I got an ad for the latest Minecraft update. How fitting.
I’m so happy your back
It’s fun seeing Adam slowly get back into the game. Like his enthusiasm is growing more and more which is amazing to see, sky if you’re reading this keep up the amazing work
WE NEED ROSS CHAN
Hey sky can I join in Mobile
MY HEART
It makes me happy to hear Adam being happy.
I’m crying that this is happening
The golden age of minecraft has returned
I hope everyone has a good day!
Alternative title: 24 Million Butter bars have been stolen...
Ur server is getting griefed
rip sky died with the smelt and condense wands lmao
Please stay happy and yourself Adam! :3 💜😇
Please do an episode with Ross I beg
Thank god this guy went back to playing games instead of rapping
Luv sky 🌌
love your vids
he sounds
happier
Will face cam come back???
nuuu adam lost the smelt and condense wand
FEELA GOOD TO BE BACK MAN YAYAYYYYUY
Join callmecarson server
Oh god the old intro hits so hard
Woah... my childhood is back.

Since when did this happen?
I need more
All I could do was eat that was it



Meeeeeeeeeeee
65TH!
I wonder if someone wins his bounty
I'm so happy he sounds happy
Crazy im watchimg this first
Holy crap Adam when did you come back
I’m so happy you’re back
yay you're back
I'm glad you sound happy
We need team crafted back
Dude omg my childhood
Nolstagia
I want to play minecraft now but my hand is broken or fractured or
Idk it just hurts really bad to where I can't move it the way I used to
Jerome saying bruh puts me off.
The meds must be working you can here it in his voice
This makes me go goddamn happy
Adam please do epic Jump maps again
Wooooooo sky is BACK!!!!
Its probably because you  were away from minecraft for so long
SKY DOES EVERYTHING
I want sky put noisestorm background music
I'll no hes 100% better when he yells WEEEE....WEEEEEEEE
he is back
Welcome back
Oder you have the new update
I met you in game
MINECRAFT GANG
SKYARMY WHY NOT GOLD ARMY
Hows life adam
Why didn't jerome just claim the bounty
👳🏿‍♀️
I luv sky
Minecraft is slowly coming back😭💕 first i saw dantdm back on minecraft and now sky?? They are legends in minecraft💞 stampylongnose needs to back and sethbling and many more😭
Oml i can’t wait for more do not laugh
You sound happy!
Love seeing these thumbnails again because they give me nostalgia of when I used to see them when I came back to school years ago. He seems to be quite happy doing these again
SkyDoesWarfame?
Im just going to say this now, that bounty. Your welcome. I put the 20mil @elkienaspire
Y e s
He sounds sad
Adam doesn’t sound happy
Bacon Man is better than skyyyy!
#BRINGBACKCOPSANDROBBERS
Das alot of money for a bounty
❤
My childhood is back
u  came back to mine craft
BRING BACK MODDED COPS AND ROBBERS!!
Great suggestion here don't overload yourself on just Minecraft find more games you love and upload them. If you only play and upload Minecraft you'll dry yourself out of it trust me its happened to me.
This vid was rossum
Anybody miss aphmau ?
I love it!
35th
I love you sky
Make the mob spawner have just hoppers and let the mobs fall on hoppers and then make the hoppers go in to the chests.
U lost your wands
Tf I thought he stopped
Sky I love you no homo
What version is this 1.13  or what
I’m happy your back and hope you are ok
🙌🏾
First
Yeeet
this makes me happy......
I want more modded cops and robbers
Your so cool
:)
Back at it again
why is he playing in low res?
Sky Minecraft is coming back plz do all the other things that you used to do and do a try not to laugh with HOUSE
Gotta love Faction servers
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
This was the guy who made my Childhood with the funny screaming and cussing
That’s like the bounty of Yoda. XD
im the 16,546th viewer 1,753rd liker and 203 commenter
woah
jerome is scarily happy
“Why am I pink?”

Only 2012 kids will remember
Sky I’m happy ur back and healthy love ur vids
Notice mee uwu
We need ross please
NOSTALGIA
Klub Ice pt 3????
Second
oh hey I'm early lol
Why does he sound so sad
mincwqff
is excited
nostalgia
Do another do not laugh with Barney
I remember when I was 7 watching Sky does Minecraft in the summer, and have the cooler on watching Sky while eating chips and juice were good times 😩👌🏽
Oh my god ?
Rip
He’s back
is anyone triggered  that he didn't put the wands away and lost them in the battle
There was a kid in the chat saying he was a sky alt account but sky was online at that point
Wow its been years
YEA
What is this series?
I have random Minecraft phases where I play the game for hours and when I get frustrated I watch Minecraft. I am so happy that you are back and getting help. Also, I enjoyed this and the let’s play solo, please continue what you do. You are awesome
I wonder how many people cried when sky said he was coming back I know I did
<3
<3
yes
Hello
Hello
Sky, for years I’ve watched you to get away from school, home problems, and my parents. For years my mom and dad argue on the phone about court and custody.Ever since you have come back I’ve felt so much better. During your break, I looked back, not only your mod reviews but all the way back. And, I realized how much I have and this family(sky army) has grown. I haven’t felt this happy ever since 2017. Thank you
Sky i've watched you since 2013-2014'ish now im glad that your back and its cool af. But I feel like your not having fun or your not feeling as enthusiastic playing minecraft during the good old days. Just saying it's my opinion
Getting stuck in 2012
Hi
Adam ask Jerome to make a sorting system with you. Have everything in one area for collecting and selling.
🌹💟👑
Only OG people will remember.... Team Crafted
I love that Adams playing minecraft and he sounds like he's genuinely having fun, but in this series it sounds artificial, like either he's trying to make things sound more positive because the video is sponsored, or he's trying to force himself to have fun
Yeah right
WHHYYYYYY I want to know the tier!!!
Buttterrr dooo doo doo dooo doooooo
Iron man and Captain America die
Noice
Reeeee
Sucks he got bad at pvp
Will that is dead
OMG
I’m waiting for the weezie lol
I love your vids hey iv been watching for 6 years and just signd in so notice me senpie anyone remeber do not laugh those are some of my best time
Last
Wow
budder!!!!
First comment
And hey
Nice
2012 GANG
First
Is the only way to get crates is to buy them
Shallom
BUDDER
Get the crew together and do cops and robbers!!!! Also try to get ssundee even though hes fortnite now
All we need is sundee
I LOVE YOU ADAM . it actually makes me happy that you sound happier and are getting back into youtube . i actually know what you went threw and why you are depressed sometimes bc i actually went threw the same thing you did and i was in the hospital for 9 days . you are a huge inspiration and you are cared for in every way
MINECRAFT IS COMING BACK TO LIFE! SCREW FORTNITE OR APEX LEGENDS, MINECRAFT WILL ALWAYS BE ON TOP!!!!
Can someone explain to me what happened to him? I haven’t been watching for a long time. :/
He is not the same, he’s not like his old self
everyone saying minecraft is back, nah it's all about that hytale
can i get some f's because my friend gave my other friend her acc and she got banned because my friend downloaded a auto clicker
I’m still waiting for you sky to get 3 milllion views in like 10 mins like you used to which I miss.. I hope for the best for u sky
2012
6th
I’m home.....
Yo Sky’s PVP is rusty, can’t wait for him to make a comeback to PVP like he did with being more hyped in these vids now.
I’m here for you sky, I will always support you, #SKYARMY
Sky if you read this I have a message for you please bring back your face cam and bring back gta5 please
Am I the first person or nah
You should do mod reviews again. Because those were pretty funny because most people just show the mod and not do much. But when you did them they where actually funny because the humour used in them. But its good to see you came back
I’m legit crying memories...
24 million dollars O_O
you dropped those wands when you died bro. F
?
So a lot of stuff you had access to wouldn't be for beginners, right? You have to pay real life money for a lot of the things you guys had access to, right?
I respected you coming back but I’ve lost all respect, you are subbed to T-Series.
I won! It was definitely totally true 
Give me money
Sky, KermitMC heard your apology in your minecraft episode 2 and tweeted a response forgiving you. Please unblock him on twitter and let him know you hear it <3
Man act like you atleast like the game, like actually try. When you went to koth you took a ton of extra items that weren’t needed and you just lost them
I love that minecraft is back 😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄BUT I HATE CLIFF HANGERS😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡..... Oh 😁 hey (●’◡’●)ﾉ u 👉👤 read 📖 this far way... But thx I guess
What happend to your canal you used to be the best
You should get a new intro its getting kinda old
I was so hurt when he didn't stack the carrots
But
You're doing great Adam
Oh man, sky not stacking the golden carrots hurts me a lil bit
You know he's an o g player when he doesn't stack his food
Me: "It can't be that long since Sky has played standard survival, he must know books require leather."
Sky: Doesn't know food is stackable
Me: "Oh"
every episode sends me back, this is just great
Warnning this commemt section contains
90% carrots
10% quality comments
AntVenom seriously needs to teach Adam the new combat system....
Sky, you're a veteran player, and the sky army respects that, I remember in the old days players can't stack food, so it's okay, do what you want man.
SKY:ant look at my this nether snowman spawns a wither Ant: SKY NOOO!
sky you made me happy at 26:58 
i thought they would stay unstacked forever




oh my gosh these are stackable i thought the like button cant stack
When he placed the carrots through-out his inventory sksksk
yOu'Re dOiNg GrEaT sKy :D
It's sad to think a guy with over 1900 minecraft lets plays could forget about the game so much
The intro: *plays*
My nostalgia lvl: 99999999
Also, he must LOVE that wood pick and stone sword
This intro man, so much nostalgia! 😭😭😭
i remember watching you on my tablet at like 3 am and my mom walking in my room and yelling at me for staying up. when i got my tablet back i did the same thing again
Damn this reminds me of when I was little and hid my iPod to watch you
It makes me sad when he doesn't know some things. But I'm happy that he does this still. He's trying and he is happy
Let me just say I almost cried when Ant mentioned "Let Have Some fun In Minecraft" and teared up more when Adam catched up to that and sang apart of it a little.. 
Seeing a veteran go back and learn minecraft again is really enjoyable
The amazing amount of luck through these TWO episodes has been astounding
Let's Have Some Fun In Minecraft!!! OH-oh-OH-ohh
Title: WE FOUND DIAMONDS?

Thumbnail: Netherportal

Me: ???
Ya’ll talking about sky not stacking the carrots but what about Sky not throwing away his wooden pick?
The lack of stacking carrots and his unorganized hotbar made my ocd die a little
Ant: There's a new combat system, you don't spam click anymore

Sky: Spam clicks even in the episode after
Hello sky you have a new episode again ❤️🥰😇 you make my childhood happy with that minecraft❤️
Me: call it butter, call it butter!
Adam:Gold
His inventory is bugging me so much.
It still surprises me that this series actually exists, and that these aren’t recordings from years ago. It’s great.
The fortress was like club ice
They kept wanting to go back
I found it easy to get lots of diamonds in ravines underwater in the ocean.
Its been so long since sky was making minecraft videos. Sky, you were my favorite Minecraft youtuber. When you quit it made me sad, but I never gave up. I knew you would come back one day. #SkyArmyLivesOn
27:25 my mind talking at the start of the video after he didn't stack the carrots
3:25
Adam, no!
No, Adam! Stop!
Adam, please stop!
ADAM NO!
STOP!
Am I the only one who noticed that sky's skin and antvenom's skin are wearing similar clothes (if not the same)?
This feels like he was in a coma and is learning everything he used to know! Welcome back sky, I missed your minecraft vids!
10:20
“Let’s have some fun in Minecraft...”
Wow, I remember that and almost got teary...
12:42 OH GAWDD T-T
I love this so much but antvenom saying gold instead of butter kinda hurt me haha
Sky singing the old minecraft parodies warmed my heart
I’m so glad sky is back doing minecraft
He didn't stack up the carrots. 
How long has he not played o.O
sky you the best at minecraft now again








butter !!!!
My favorite minecraft related parodys is like six or seven years ago sky made "The Budder Song"
24 carrots. Unintentional gold joke?

Edit: I shouldn't comment until after I've watched the whole video.
................BUDDER!!!!
Man it always feels good to say that
1 view 20 likes 3 comments ?? What the
Someone please remind Adam of the attack cooldown?! It hurts to see the spam click not working as it did! :(
38:54 possibly the best thing ever in this episode is how adam is 100% chill when he’s about to die and ant just goes into panic mode
When he remembered let's have some fun in Minecraft I got so happy
mfw there was a but of Lapis by the Dungeon they stumbled upon
Uugghh the intro music gives me SO MUCH NOSTALGIA
27:07 “Oh my gosh. These are stackable??”

why is that so endearing omfg
Yo he's alive? fellow gamers he's back! GAMERS RISE
Does he know he can stack golden carrots?
13:05 this really be a zooweemama moment
I'd normally be annoyed when watching someone fumble like that with crafting and stacking the carrots but bless adam he's trying his best lmao
Mate i haven't seen your vids a solid 6 or 8 years and i see the old intro playing it just brings me back keep going Adam your doing awesome ^^
That 24 karat pun was golden c:
30:19

“Full iron armor”

Who wants to tell em that sky doesn’t have boots or a helmet
Adam:*picks up 4 diamonds
Ant:*picks up 2 diamonds

We need communism
Love you Adam❤❤❤ You're great.
Sky
If you ever see a lot of Clay/Terracotta covering the ground: Dig into the earth.
Cause that is where the budder's at!
🎵Let's have some fun in Minecraft🎵 😭
This is my biome, its what I call home. All of my time i spent building you, from the moment I spawn, whenever I log off. I know it will always be me and you.
I've been waiting since like 2013 to see another antvenom-sky teamup.
There was lapis when they went to the dungeon but idk if they found it already I’m like 17 mins in
He started from the beginning...very good.
1 view 135 likes good job youtube
THE OLD INTRO IS BACK!!!!! 





Yassssss
That intro brings me back 
The memories man 
Plus STACK THE CARROTS
Why does Adam sound faded asf when he plays 😂
Dear Ant please teach adam how to make an AFK Fish Farm. Also you should prolly help him with the next update as some core features of minecraft changes
24 k  get it 24 karrots gold butter
these episodes are so long I live for it
10/10 content!

Love that you bring your amazing survivals back and I show strong respekt
I can't wait another week. XD

LOVE YA, SKY! We're all so glad to see you back on YouTube! ❤
Sky: "Should I break the spawner?"
Both me and Ant at the same time and rate (not joking actually): "Nonononono!"
you're doing just fine adam!
you're actually getting much better at the game and i love seeing you progress
Long time no see Adam, remember epic craft, you doing any of that? Or epic jump maps.
My favorite YouTuber. The only YouTuber that brought me joy. Love you Sky. ❤❤❤
1 view and 174 likes, good job youtube.
i found diamonds in my first day and got 7 obsidian fron a village

edit: changed mistake from dat to day.
Ant venom when are you going back to Carson’s SMP Live? Jschlatt misses you.
Me: spawns Enderdragon to gain xp
Builders on the server:
Legend sky uploads another hope you get this bro we love you and the fact you back
Mojang should make an update where you could make a backpack out of leather and the back pack should give you extra storage.
THE INTRO !!!!
sky..?

you can stack golden carrots, you know...
"The fact that WE have full iron armor..." was said when adam only had iron leggings and an iron chestplate
Adam you should add fluffy in the server so there's more person talking for the commentary 😊
36:50 ✨friendship✨
God sky playing minecraft make me so happy!-
Holy crap the Intro is so nostalgic man I hope you get better soon it hurts that I knew for a while that you were depressed luv u bro... No homo
Keep doing what you love, man. We will support you all the way!
The memories mann...This was my childhood back when i was younger, Adam i hope ur doing good.
love ur minecraft gameplay :D im watch all episode
When you play Minecraft with Adam your luck increased to 100%
The Episode 1 is amazing! Hope this ones is fantastic too! And please talk more though
Let's have some fun in minecraft!
Ooh-oh-oh
Come on lets goooo
I love how chill this is. Great to relax and play along to
I dropped everything so I can watch this ep
When is sky gonna join the callmecarson server?
This was so enjoyable man wow!!! Love this series
Love you dude hope you get better
Sky almost fell into lava at 19:05 💀
Yesss more minecraft 😍😍
Sky
WYD YOU NOT STACC THE GOLD CARROTS
This is soo good, I really like this series 🙌🏾🙌🏾
Let's have some fun in Minecraft! Ooh ooh oh!
hey Adam...you do know spam clicking doesn't do that much damage...right?
I miss antvenom doing Minecraft along with you sky
Awe Adams voice hurts me a bit. He sounds so depressed :/// But I'm glad your doing this, it brings me way back oml 😂
I'ma say something that has been said a 1000 times OOF DIDNT STACK THE CARROTS!
Damn, AntVenom sounds like a friendly Tyler1.
The intro is... B A C K

YES!
Lit Intro!!!
I have been playing on my world before there was hunger bars damn
The golden carrots gave me so much anxiety🤢🤢
It took me until halfway into this second episode to notice that Adam has Auto-Jump on...
Thx for still making video
loving this series keep it up please!
I can’t wait for the next episode, these are my favourite so far
40 mins is great for as long as it’s been!
Its soo adorable how Adam is so Clueless in Minecraft XD
When you like mods, maps and costom skins, but you're on console...*Oof*
The intro

The nostalgia
You should have mined the wood in the mineshaft. Thats what I almost always do when I run out of wood.
SKY I GOT YOUR MERCH I FOUND IT AT GOODWILL my mom did BUT ITS JUST LIKE ITS BRAND NEW!! (btw i subed at 5:01 pm 5/1/2019)
So this is why Antvemon can't play on Carson's SMP.
Im really enjoying this series!! Brings back memories of your old Minecraft vids
2:51  2 4    c a r r o t s how did no one notice this. 
Lmao😂😂
You’re my idol dude, you’ve helped me through so much with your videos and music and I just want to say thank you ❤️
5:10 24 CARROT IN THE AIRRRRRR~ (if you get the reference thank you ;w;)
2nd Episode, Already forgot how to 1.9 PVP.
When you going to play game with max and ROSS
BLUE BUTTER!!!
Butter Glazed Carrots
13:13 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I was lowkey mad he didn't call gold butter lmao
Sky is subbed to T Series no joke
I almost had a heart attack when he started mining the spawner
14:13
people who have watched steven universe cringed at this moment...
Honestly this is becoming one of my favorite playthroughs.
Freakin loving this series already
Very episode beings back flashbacks, u seem sm happier i love ski
Adams sleepy voice is making me tired...😴
Sees video clicks on immediately
In 1.14 you can have all protection types on one piece of armor
The lapis talk of someone seeing laps before...  Was exact lol
Early mah boi, and ur back sky with ant venom YASS
My man sky is evolving into the ultimate minecraft gamer
Adam do you remember the joke that Max was so salty that he can turn a lake into an Ocean?
Nobody:

Absolutely nobody:

Adam: 
“I uhhh allghhh umm eughhh idk man”
        -AntVenom 2019
sky not stacking the golden carrots physically hurt my soul
Minnnnnne diaaaamondsssss
I'll see myself out--
Side by side he says Adam then procedes to put them on top of eachother
There is lapis in the roof of the dungeon, I saw it and you didn’t see it, how dare you
I love watching him, but he sounds so sad, low on energy, i just want the old sky back
19:07
He almost walked into a hole filled with lava
You know what hurts me more? Him still doesn't understanding the combat system
3:55 took me back to alpha when food didn't stack
This is so cool! Keep going! I want to see you guys take on an elder guardian
you need atleast 100k veiws dammit!
This sends me back in the old days of Minecraft
I just noticed the old intro is back.

I haven’t watched your videos in your years
25:55
Wait, what the hell is going on in this enchanting table?!
he protc he attak but mostly he bring childhood bacc
I was soo annoyed he's spamming his sword, which doesn't work as well as it used to do
Yes I’m finally on time!💕💕💕
Hey sky I sent you a package a while back and I hope you liked it It had silly string. Thread for friendship bracelets.a toy dino.and a few other things I think anyway I'm glad your  back in the spot light and I hope that you've been getting better with your mental health
  I mean  I haven't but other people are more important to me than I am to myself keep going strong my boy can't wait till your uploads speed up! Have a nice day bye
Is this a Dream? Im crying, finally sky is back
Bro I missed you it's nice to see you back
Knows how to make golden carrots

Doesn't know they stack
Bro sky we need mine pranks bruh
What was Adam smoking while playing this?
Oh my goshh. Haha, Adamm this is so nice. Lolol its so pure ☺️. Brororo Adam is so cute
Remember that time Sky pranked Ant on a livestream?
my flipping phone is a flip phone
He’s unlocked the power of the butter carrots
lapis near the zombie dungeon!
So glad you came back (:::: I love Minecraft
Can we go back to cops and robbers
More suspenseful than EndGame
Uh...? Lapis Lazuli is used for blue dye, which is required for anything you
want to make blue, cyan, or light blue (wool, concrete, clay, bed, etc.).
It also shows up in villager trading every now and then, I think...
sniff

Hearing that Opening again... Is amazing
They need 98 minutes to find diamonds....

I've been playing Minecraft in 3 weeks and don't have a diamond..
SKY'S UPLOADING,HELL YEAH BOOOOOIIIIIIII
It’s confirmed we’re back baby. WOOOO
Adam on the CallMeCarson Streamer SMP server........?








That would be an epic gamer moment
The intro brings back so much memories
Sky just loves blocking those explosions, I do too. Haha.
The name Einshine hit me hard.
Hank venom hank venom
title: we found diamonds
comments: we found a problem with your carrots
You can stack the golden foods.
1.14 is out , pls play on that version next time , also the golden carrots can stack
sky not calling the gold budder hurts me
Wow, I'm early this time
When your music carrier wasn't good enough
Guys, you should join smp live
I wonder if they know if they can make water elevators with magma blocks and soul sand.
I'm glad there's gonna be more episodes!
Have fun with the new update
It's not the same without Max and Ross 😭😭😭😭
26:59 when he stacked the carrots I was finally at peace 😥😅
Did you know that in PC version, when the money inside the spawner is spinning faster, that's when they're about to spawn
The fact that antvenem was explaining things he already knew but didnt stop him was really cool tbh, simple niceties like that are so rare in the community
24 "carrots" lmao
🎶 I F O U N D  A  D I A M O N D 🎶
Ant should have told him how all the items stack in inventory cause when he didn’t stack the carrots I got triggered lol...
19:22 I’m legit that person saying that 😂😂
yay i love that intro
Aw Sky And Ant are bffs
It's been so long since I've seen these videos and I'm quite happy he has come back.
Sky feels so akward :(
Antvenom is the one who speedrun the nether yet he tells Adam to mine 14 obsidian
the nostalgia is so powerful i thought it was 2012 for a bit
These long, almost unedited format episodes are really great. Minecraft as it was meant to be played, a survival learning experience.
YOU'RE DOING AMAZING SWEETIE
this is so nostalgic also f12 is cords and stuff
When he don't stack the carrot: big oof.
I see everyone using this g word?? Like what?
the way u put together ur inventory bothers me
Bruh the frieking nostalgia from the intro is killing me. Since when has he started uploading vids again?
How do you find diamonds when you have two eyepatches.
UHHH Did i some how MISS something?? I like, did they do a whole series and i didn't know?? Someone help plzzz!!!
Sky not making a helmet was frustrating
Sky does everything.....including re-uploading 6 year old videos
My haert is exploding with nastalga
I like how sky doesn't realizes there are multiple sections in the recipe book
Wait what its more rare than diamonds? I keep finding those lapiz and no diamonds ;-;
O havent seen this intro in a long time. Feels good.
Seeing some Minecraft videos brings joy to my eyes bring back memories
Are you guys going to be going into 1.14? I mean, AntVenom is practically THE EXPERT on that update.
Also i am youing my dads phone
it frustrates me to see how he doesnt care about his inventory being so messy.
hello my left ear 
how is it going
the karat joke, not gonna lie, thought he was referring to a butt-plug
Please go to 1.14 the texture are super nice and the GOLD. The GOLD bar texture is sooo good
Who else is watching and thinking " I could school both of them" I know an exploit that would get them so many diamonds , spawn cages , and shipwrecks too
Good to see you guys still playing. I haven't watched you for like 4 years. Minecraft just made my childhood awesome.
I dont play minecraft anymore but i still luv his vids since he came back to the game
id like him to play with Lazarbeam,2 newbies collide
i know most of the comments are about the the carrots but when he didn’t stack them all i thought was “YOURE DOING GREAT SKY”
this is the best, so much nostalgia
This is golden/budder
I kept screaming at my screen to just stack the carrots so 28 minutes in was a relief
Just wanted to tell you that your music is awesome, you just need that big song to get you back to the top
Ngl I think, if he can, needs to get some background music, because some parts is just quiet, which makes it funny from how awkward it is.😆
Why doesnt he say budder anymore he isnt even phased by the sight of it? 
JK I know hes just getting back to it.
40:20 his armor disappeared when he came back to the overworld
The easiest way to let ur inventory have spare space is... Throw out the non-need things. Yeah, easy right
Make an upside down T shape, makes an obsidian weewee
OMG HI ADAM WE ALL LOVE U ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
1 view, 142 likes. balanced, like all things should be
This really brings me back
We have full Iron armor - ant

Sky - has no boots or helmet
Diamond 💎 = bae
Ohh, how I missed this! I sure hope he is having fun.
Ye
My teacher wanted name suggestions for her baby and one of mine was Sky
Adam is definitely stone to the bone😹
Nice to have you back Adam you the best
Im so early....hi
Damn i remember einshine.


He became a weeb.
Tip for all players

When exploring caves, put your torches on the Left Side
That way, when you're trying to find your way out, you just have to follow the torches back the Right Way
stack the flipping carrots
Adam, You can stack almost anything but a bed.
25mins 4.7k views.........
JoJo part 5 ep 28 had me like 



Abbacchiooooooo NOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOOOOOO WHYYYYU ABBACHHIOOOOOOOOO
I thought that golden carrots aren’t edible.
love this!
Hi Sky ive been a sub for a long time glad ur up and running again 👍
Sky we love but please stack the damn carrots together please
STOP DISLIKING THIS AMAZING MANS CONTENT
Minecraft Let's Plays are the best ever now. The best form or nostalgia in the world
i feel very young right now lmao
you are doing good I'm proud of you
HOLD UP I JUST WATCHED THE MUSIC VIDEO FUN IN MINECRAFT AND REALISED EINSHINE DID THE FIRST THANOS SNAP
Ever get that feeling of dejavu
MORE PLEASE THIS IS SO GOOD!!! :)!
Shift click helps in crafting
Bruh I’m glad that Adam is back but is anyone noticing that he’s abit dry? 😩
YIIIEEEEE OUR BOI ADAM IS BACK
Please bring back face cam!
Like so Adam See this!
YOOOOO EYO
Antvenom let sky join the SmP With Carson
AntVenom should warn sky about the phantoms
I can slowly see the old sky  :)
I just hope your therapy is going well because I can see you forgot everything about minecraft
Ssssskkkkkkllkkky!! U das beeeeest
Did Ant ever teach him how to fight in the new combat...
first?
lol
I feel like you should stream this, then you can learn a lot more from people
Aye he sounds a lil more happier
Its hurts that he hasnt screamed about butter
Are these Reuploads?
A d a m d o n t s p a m c l i c k
i can see antvenom taught you how to do his titles as well
I get lampis way more often then diamond
sky are u medicated? during the video that is
Adam is so pro he didn't even need a full iron armor to go to the nether
Adam, Golden carrots stack
Now it all comes down to when antvenom starts flying
:))))))))))(
By the way, Adam, you can stack golden carrots into one slot.
OMG. HELLO SKY :D
Why aren't you stacking food?
Damn bro everything changed so much his Enthusiasm is gone i missed when we was screamin to the top of his lungs and cursing out his friend's and makim stupid funny jokes u got this Adam keep it up and hopfully u come back to the old Skydoesmincraft😭😭
This is my favorite series.
I think someone needs to teach ant venom a thing or two
His original happy voice is returning, that is just nostalgic
I'm actually right back where I started.
I miss the old Skyyyyy😭😭😭
god that intro is so old
You act like you never played before lol
So glad you and your friend @AntVenom are working together, again. Brings me back to 2013 Minecon.
Yeeeeeeeee ive been waiting for this
every time sky jumps on the edge of the fortress i clench so hard i could make a coal block into diamonds  hnnnnnnn hes gonna die
Ayyy Adam is getting some ads again!
Bring back role play!
god this series makes me so infuriated but at the same time u cant get mad since hes relearning, its like working with a disabled person. love ya adam not tryna hate but dear god. lol
Im so happy the nostalgia is going to pour over in the form of tears
skydoesmyfavoritegameonearth
1 view 131 likes???
I actually really liking this series
it says antvenom is the master I still believe in sky
thanks for another great episode
Another episode, Another day for nostalgia.
Bro my mans sky is high af in this video😂
That wooden pic in the inventory was going to drive me insane
Hell ye! Got some butter carrots >:D Glad ya doin good!
this is my fave series <3
I got very upset when he wanted 5 slots for carrots but I’m proud of you Adam
! cringe when he doesn't stack the golden carrots :/
>spam clicking like a noob
What is this?





Brings me back tho great to see this again
24 CARROT GOLD!!
Ily Adam
Imagine clicking a video and actually disliking it
Highlight of my day
The nastolgia from watching this...
yayayy !!
Its just so adorable: how he gently does everything, his fixation on diamonds, the auto-jump, the carrots, the puns... Its like a minecraft grandpa X)
did he forgot how to play Minecraft or are they just playing around
I'm hurt... He didn't say "budder"
Are you planning to start over with a world with 1.14?
Really? Lapis has the same spawning as diamonds? Weird I've found lapis alot more common
you guys should update to 1.14
I'm glad that he got in touch with ant venom. he is doing a great job and so are you Adam. :-)
Buddercarrots...
Do mod reviews!
My boi is gettin life in his voice again
S K I T H E R , STACK THY CARROTS
SKY U CAN STACK DA CARROTS
Retitle this " A BUNCH OF PUNS?!"
27:17 IVE BEEN SCREAMING THIS THE ENTIRE TIME
this intro is gAHhHhhhhh throwback
oh man this is content
This is fun :D
EARLY HA!
Glad your back adam!
I'm too old to understand this new minecraft version
You and Ant should do combat training to get used to the new combat mechanics. Just keep a shield up.
Hey Adam, fun fact, you don't need to stick with the traditional 2x3 opening for the Nether Portals now. I don't remember which update it was, but as long as the portal is a rectangular or Squared, it can be activated. So you could make a 3x8 a 7x3, 4x4, 5x6, or whatever size portal you want
10:05 actually made me tear up. Old days
Adam the golden carrots stack.
He didn't correct him its butter
Mine craft yes i missed this
I missed you man...I’m not crying you’re crying
These basic Minecraft gameplays are the best
Skyyyy the golden carrots stack
I keep forgetting we can eat golden carrots
Ik that reference when he siad let's have some fun in minecraft it triggered my brain of the song
I love the intro it was great back then and it’s even better to hear it now
Rename the series monitisation 101
Antvenom didn’t gave up since everyone did and came back
Glad to see you and lots of other Minecraft YouTubers making a comeback, but I hope you & AntVenom make it a point to make more chests to keep your stuff from disappearing & going to waste. Other than that relatively minor nitpick, I'm really enjoying this series you two are doing. Keep Up The Good Work!
Love the name learning the ropes
#BringbackDNL
Did you know kakarot is actually carrot?
bro I love it
With new workbenches
I love how relaxing this series is! It’s nice to just sit there and watch people play Minecraft every once in a while
Love this series !
Everyone says that sky not stacking the carrots hurt them but what hurt me is that ant called magma blocks magma cubes
Yaaaaasssssss SKY!!! ❤️❤️
Minecraft breaks when it senses the presence of antvenom
Is sky back???? Like actually???
You gotta survive the night
he has 24 karat gold
Feels trip time
Sorry im late, just got off school
changes to zim's voice YOU FILTHY HUMAN changes changes back to normal voice
This is my childhood coming back ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😭
wicked awseome
It saddens me that adam isnt as hype or as loud as before..... And he doesnt even scream for butter
Rip ShinePhD
Love some hankvenom!!!
Can you do face cam?
Yeah the golden carrots could have been in 1 slot rather than 6 but it’s alright, you are doing good Adam
I like how there are only 11 haters XD
How are you doing Adam?
OMG, he's back, Yeah!
Sky are you ok you didn’t sound happy still a great video though just making sure you’re OK
me watching sky not star golden carrots:  adam
now play SMP live
Thanks Adam ❤
1)you didn’t stack the golden carrots.         2)you missed some lapis.                        3)that flower you saw was in the woods in ep.1
Adam do viedoes with facecam
In the first episode adam hit his head on lapis.
THE CARROTS
Intro makes me cry
Imagine sky playing in smp
Love u adam
2:51 - i have 24 karat
I haven’t watched you since I was 11 damn memories
insert joke about Butter Carrots here
He walked past a hole that had lava in it and was a block deep at 19:07
It’s a series!!!
can you play with ross and barny
I'm just waiting for the moment when Sky gazes upon a woodland mansion
what madlads they found diamonds
Wasn't there lapis in their dungeon base
4:34 Antbrine
"wow this was nostalgic"
First or second or fifth idk
Oh no he found the butter
1.14!!!
9:40 - You actually only need 10 obsidian for a nether portal. If you want it to look beautiful, then do 14. Otherwise, just get 10 and use four other blocks for the corners
omg so awesum do more pls
This series is good
where's jschlatt to take you to the end
After being a sub since 2009(give or take) i am only just now realizing both Sky and Ant have the same amulet
Its gonna bug me all day when ant used iron ore for waste block. dont know if he ran out of stone, or just panicked, but still.
BUUUTTTTEEEERRRRR!!
Lol nice good
Now i want him to play with callmecarlson
I feel like everyone is saying it but the carrots stack
Can't wait to see them play 1.14
Do all of you still remember the oldest minecraft survival lets play with this two guys since the beta version? Leave a like if you are.
Adam I recommend you setup camp somewhere down there so you don't lose your spawn area!
I have a feeling adam has auto jump on...
I missed this so much
1st like and view
I’m sorry but my OCD is at its worst seeing Adams inventory and his HUD , but Atleast he’s getting better at it
Adam I'm glad u back
Ant is just a mom at this point
Oh the Budder
You guys got a really good seed.
18:07 Nah things just dont show up when u need em
There is Laois by the dungeon where your beds are!!
Play ant farm with him ^
Upgrade to 1.14
Whenever Sky gets hurt or sound like he got hurt Antvenom is always concerned its cute, he's like a mother in minecraft
I been watching sky since a kid best Minecraft creator
Well if only he got the lapis last episode when he was next to it
Waitt... How will sky get copyrigthed if he Made the song hmm..
Ant n sky is so cute
Why does he not remember anything
In the version of Minecraft you are using you need to time your attacks to do damage
It hurts to watch him play
Adam remember ita not gold its budder
glad that you're bacc
I love your vids
Oh damn, we got another Episode 2! Here's to a long series of exploring the wonders of Minecraft!
They added a new update
I might be wrong but adam doesnt sound rly hype playing mc, well at least at this video. I mean, he doesnt look like he even bother to learn
Ahhh he’s back
Why does he seem so sad and quiet
sky did your brain melt from not playing minecraft for so long what in the hell are you doing
so slow
1 view 59 likes. Yes 100% true. Also, I love this. It gives me so many good memories
2nd
Hell yeah babey
Howdy dody
AntVenom treating you like a noob
he didn't call the gold butter
sky..... tip: don't spam hit, wait for that bar under your crosshair to charge up so you can deal a lot more damage than spamming, they had added that, im sorry to inform you, to prevent multiplayer pvp to be so imbalanced and to make the game just a bit harder, you can do a lot of damage with it being charged all the way
Why didn’t he say to crouch on the magma blocks
You good man
It pains to see that sword skill spam
FACE CAM FACE CAM
NEXT EPISODE MUST BE FACE CAM
I miss einshine...
why does he sound depressed
Hell yeeeeasss
Yes lads
Let’s have some fun in Minecraft!!
Whynot play with callmecarson
2:22 *Butter
I remember when I would stay late af on my computer in the living room. Then my dad would tell me to go sleep which I did fakely and went back. REPEAT
5:55 turns into the flash
2nd
so much nostalgia atill
The god is baaacccckkk
Sky forgot how to play
Good job sky
that was really cool
Wow this was nostalgic
Wow this was nostalgic
Next episode should be base building
Who’s glad to have sky back!
What hurts me is that there’s a lapis vein back at their base
Are these pre-recorded?
Fix you hot bar it’s triggering me
BUTTER!!!!!!!!
EVERYTHING'S BETTER WITH BUTTERRRR!!!!!!!!
Epic
Who else didn't get the carrot and diamond joke until any explained it
I got hella sketched out by the whistle..
2:58 24 carrot gold
so uh guys how long until he has a house and not just a bed in a dungeon
Wow that was nostalgic
This remind me when I was little, when I didn't know nothing about minecraft until I saw Adam video  and I love minecraft cuz of him ^-^ he my idol
I still listen to Minecraft parodies
Hi, I like ur videos. Good job
He mined lapis
A D A M STOP SPAM CLICKING
Dope
Part 3?
New blocks called magma cubes
What is Adam on
24 carrot magic in the aiiiirrrrrr
This is just awesome =)
Thanks dad
I’ve missed this.
Oooo yes
Wow this was nostalgic
27:27 ants disappointment is clear as crystal water hahahaha
Did he throw the damn budder?!?!?
666 cometer
AYYYYYYYYY 24 KARAT CARROTS!
24 carrots... of gold :)
Sky's PVP actually hurts me lol.
Update to 1.14
Did anyone else hear gays instead of days lol
nice joob dude
Like
sky please change your fov
Wow I just felt that childhood excitement of seeing a brand new Minecraft video to watch
Hey Adam
The only reason lappis is so rare now is that you have to use it for enchanting.
24 carrot magic in the aaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiirrrr
Ant venom and Sky
I love you sky
Omfg nostalgia
Use facecammmmmm
Communism
GO TO 1.14
Is it me or does he seem super burnt out?
are you guys going to update to the new update or will that be done once sky learns the game again?
River is happy
it looks like hes using a controller
Epic
IM HERE FOR MY CHILDHOOD
Yes
Wow this was nostalgic
Sky, you and all the others can bring minecraft back
Play with munchingbrotato
I love it how they mention enshine
First
First
First
First
They have become cavemen
Where my butter at?
Sky, buddy, long time fan and sudscriber, but with the auto jump, please turn it off. It has been driving me crazy almost as much as the carrots.
Wo wo wo wo u telling me sky doesn’t know wat bonemeal is
i think it was a Fortress in a Fortress, thats why the weird generation
4th
The worst part of this was him not knowing how to make paper. The best part is the rest
Inhale Butter carrots
I wish i had a sole
yeah!
Beautiful
antvenom is so patient with him
Yo sky if you hold shift and left click your mouse with food or any type of stuff in MC all of it will be transferred to your inventory if your inventory isnt full
Butter?
i swear i wanted to scream at adam when he wasnt stacking the carrots
What update are they on?
Are you two actually friends because if you two are it doesn’t seem genuine because you don’t seem like you care about anything and antvenom seems like he’s talking just to make things interesting and seems uncomfortable.
Good video
Is it just me or does Adam sound like,,,, tired? I get thats he's been depressed and everything's been going on, but i just wanna make sure he's doin okay. I dont want him playing this if he isnt actually wanting to
Sky Army
Oh wow
28:31 Magma Blocks^ reeee
Hi
Sky's movement is so slow he seems tiered
Damn with sky coming back and yogscast playing minecraft again, it's so nostalgic <3
👍
he is not having fun at all
Kinda hurts when he did not stack the carrots but its ok
Adam call gold butter
He went back to minecraft?
Noice
Let’s throw Adam into 2b2t and just see what happens
YEET!!
hOI! :•3
They have a lapiz at their base
Why does sky sound so dead inside
Adam!!
food does stack except the cakes xD 
also you have to wai atleast 1 second before attacking with sword
2 for axes
axes deal more damage than sword
but a maxed enchanted sword deals more damage than axe
you can jump and wait for you to go down then strike for a critical
Auto jump is messing with him
Hang in there man..
Ayyy
You sound so bored Adam
I remember that song to
how do u guys play together lol
yeah 90
Adam toe reveal? Face reveals are the things of the past.
I use to watch sky  when i was like 6 and now because his playing minecarft again i started playing it again
<3
Omg hes back
yay adam!
No you
Hey
Is this old or new?
Hey guys Hankvenom here.
you can stack everthing except for shields, tools, cake, water buckets, lava buckets, and milk buckets. that's what I remember rn
Yeeeeeetttt
We love you sky 🤗
what happened to netnobody
Hey Btw You can stack the golden carrots Adam/sky
Why does sky sound so depressed 😔😔

Also sky you can hold all the golden carrots together
nobody gonna comment on how he had 24 carrots and made them golden
How’s life
Splunking
Wuuuuuu
Yas
i didnt came back science i was 9 and i didnt even knew english i was just a kid that enjoyed seeing a guy playing minecraft. now im 14 i totally understand you guys and im glad i came back
God I remember being in 3rd and 4th grade, and rushing to grab my iPod touch to watch your videos and antvenoms 4 pillars skyblock. My old Minecraft username was “butterprincess4” because I love your content so much. In 4th grade my biggest dream was meeting you. Your such a cool person and so important to so many of us. I’m glad you’re back :)
You Humans are ridiculous
Are you gonna restart the series since the new update just came out? There is not really that much progress so it would make sense considering it is such an impactful update
Bruh
Yeet
Interesting fact, 1 block in the nether is 8 in the overworld
SKYYY! You keep forgetting to space your sword attacks out. You're just spamming it. Watch the sword under your crosshairs after you swing, so you know when you can do full damage again
Sky ur soo cooool
Remember the mod reviews? Those were the days.
I think next time Adam should learn more about inventory management, oh and also please rewind the combat lessons (DONT SPAM CLICK!!) anyways love the nostalgic feeling Sky!!
Still spam clicking I see
Sky your cool
Cant wait till u r back to being a Minecraft Master
Sky does Minecraft
What happen to butter
More
Loooloolo
yay
Is this a new Minecraft video or reupload
Sky u can stack items
Stop spam clicking during pvp
Sky are you ok you sound depressed
Ye ye
Nice
Nice
Nice
These aren’t uploaded often but when they are it’s like Christmas
Sky is still spam clicking. Old habits die hard I gurss
At 22:42 I thought you were going ting the parody you song with Kermit.
Ermagerd Adam stack the butter carrots -_-
geoff
At 19:28, When that creeper exploded onto Adam's shield, I heard a note block.
hi
Cue the Captain Sparklez Minecraft parody playlist
Lapis is also used to die stuff like wool, clay, cement, terracotta, dog and cat collars, etc. Its actually more useful than you think :)

EDIT: lapis is useless except for enchanting, thats so ridiculous XD
Sky is back?
Hulk dies in endgame
Oh no i'm getting sucked back into Minecraft i can't believe this is happening
Yay!
BRING BACK MINEPRANKS !! (That would be cool, but you don’t have too)
Why does he sound stoned?
You sound dead inside
He still makes minecarft videos? I thought he stopped
First
Am I dreaming? Is he actually back on Minecraft and will he join smp with antvenom
Does sky hate his life? Yes, yes he does.
Wow you found diamonds on the day of my birthday sweet.
Are you okay?
Play with sparklez
What up Hank-Venom
Adam, go into controls and disable "Auto-Jump". It should make your minecraft life much much easier.
FIRST
I know I’m not the first person to say this but wow.  Watching sky play Minecraft has rekindled me to play it myself.  You’ve really brought my childhood bad so thanks Adam <3
I feel like I’m back in 2012 again, and I love it
I thought this would never happen... a crossover with 2 underappreciated youtubers!
Ye ye plz no end game spoilers
Hankvenom
99.99% Unstacked Carrots.
00.01% For real comments. 

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yay
Budder
Adam why didn’t you stack the golden carrots 😑 I’m sorry bro but it hurts
Are these just reuploads ?
Didn't you stop post minecraft? Or did you P.S. This sends me back so far I love your music and gameplay
Anyone get reminded of Blake Shelton by Adam? I mean the voice, his singing, he kinda looks like him.
Sky needs to do mod showcase and epic jump maps again
After being a sub since 2009(give or take) i am only just now realizing both Sky and Ant have the same amulet
Budder
Said he was done with Minecraft hence the name change, now he is back to Minecraft. Youtubers fake as usual.
MINECRAFT IS COOL!!
Sky no... This is not alpha lol
20:15 "can i tp to you" oh my god that was so nostalgic
Im sorry, but i can't go back to calling him sky...its now just adam.
Sky shouldn't say gold, ever, hes a Butter man, BRING BACK THE BUTTER
Sky i wud like to play with you i have 5 years of playing minecraft i now ever thing!!!! And you help me get through some rough times so thank you
AntVenom is like the last Minecraft Avenger and Sky wants to go back to the team
Jesus Sky you’re so old school. You can stack food.
You NEED to join CallmeCarson’s server. That’s something I really need to see.
D-D-D-DIAMONDS?!
Skydoesminecraft is back! And he is kicking ass and taking names with AntVenom! The best thing ever!
It seems so obvious he isnt happy playing this anymore. I really dont understand why people are congratulating him.
Who else was here when he had 12,000 subs? Only me? Sky is amazing now he has 11 Million subscribers?!?! Love you sky you have made my childhood better.
Are you guys playing in 1.14? If so poor adam. Trying to learn Minecraft and in the middle Minecraft updates XD
PEPE
Ye
Woo I’m here early
Auto jump off plzz
Please change the name back to skydoesminecraft please
Hey Sky, lately I have noticed that you seem very sad, or unhappy about that the content you’re making. Thank you for giving us this nostalgic feeling we all so needed, but do what’s best for you. Make the content you want to make. Don’t force yourself to play a game you don’t want to play.
2015 will never end will it
This brought me back to the FNAF days and childhood was innocent. Life was 'simple' back then and we didn't have to convince yourself that you're happy. Welcome back Adam we've missed you.
Antvenom sounds like a literal tutorial Npc he’s like “you could place the nether portal right here if you want” “Would you like to craft the enchantment table” “If you would like we could search for lapis now”
Sky needs to turn off autojump, learn the combat, fix that resolution is your monitor like 800x600?
I’m pretty sure the village had a blacksmith.
27:06 OF COURSE THEYRE STACKABLE
(at least he stacked them EVENTUALLY)
Why does sky sound so depressed
Bet
So wait, I’m a little late to this, is he back?
First
I thought u are good at minecrart
Sky one punch man has a season two it's already out
I know that you’re just being yourself and all, but the least you could do is talk a little more. What happened?
You should play on CallMeCarson's minecraft server
Man, Sky used to be a pro in Minecraft! What happened to him?
jesus christ how did he become such a noob.....
Play with captainsparklez please :(
Sky I love your vids thank you for all your hard work and I want to say thanks for those lives where you just talk cause I have been to 8 different therapist and I'm see one now and I'm only 14 and how you expressed your feeling it made feel that I could to. So thanks and your are the OG of Minecraft
Aw man, if only he would scream "BUTTER!!!" like he used too.
well because your name is now sky does everything can we hope to see a fortnite vid in the future?
GIMME HEART IM FIEST ADMAN
Roblox is better because micheal myers has raygun
ewww you're doing minecraft again ? are you 12?
We need to do more Cops And Robbers!
And with this my childhood has gone full circle
“There’s Teletubbies letting off nuclear missiles!”
I never thought I’d hear such a sentence.
My Childhood just uno reverse Carded me😭 the nostalgia is real
OMG THAT INTRO BROUGHT BACK SO MANY MEMORIES THE NOSTALGIA
You seem happier in this video, i hope your treatment is going well.
TIME MACHINE

You have arrived to the year 2014 

Me OMG ITS MY CHILDHOOD 

I haven’t seen a video this good in years I enjoyed this video a lot
"Grandpa, what was Minecraft?"

"Sit down sonny, I'm gonna tell you a great story"
Sky, I’ve been watching since the parkour videos and redemption! You bring happiness to my day. I wish u luck and have a good day. Thanks for everything. Like if u agree to all this
"You've betrayed your country by selling weapons to the enemy!" Munchingbrotato-Wonder woman combo
Holy! mY chIldHoOd-


Adulthood left the chat
clicks on video

endgame trailer plays as ad 

I don't know what to feel about this.
I feel like I'm back in secondary school
Cops And Robbers: Endgame
perfect name for a long awaited sequel to the series.
This video itself is my nostalgia up meme TuT
Continue to raise Non-toxic children guys, Like you did with me
bruh i thought sky was gone, i watched him when i was like 10-12 haha
I had so much nostalgia and flashbacks when I saw that intro
"We can leave? Thank god, I'm going to Hypixel." YESSSSS
Glad Adam's having fun with the game again, in some of his new videos he hasn't sounded like he was having fun.
Minecraft: dead
SkyDoesMinecraft: HOLD ME JASON
”we haven’t spoken in a while”
THIS IS UNHEALTHILY FUNNY TO ME
I'm losing my mind. How did I not see this sooner. This is my childhood relived even though I'm still a child...
Man watching Cops and Robbers is giving me such nostalgia! I missed you guys!
My childhood! Adam you are the man. Good luck in life!      Edit: oh Lord 200 likes.  Edit 2: ok guys you can stop now.   Edit 3: ok start again we gotta get 1k likes
I knew Minecraft was making a comeback. but this? This is THEEE COMEBACK!
Jerome: there's Teletubbies letting off nuclear missiles yeah i'd say the security is pretty uhhh

adam: tinky-winky angry!



adam:  tinky-wiky mad!
MY CHILDHOOD ;3; I remember all the funny moments and it still is funny I love the cops and robbers series it was the best and still is and I love this video
I love to see you’re back into the swing of things sky
ITS 3 AM BUT ITS ADAM SO THIS IS A GOOD REASON NOT TO SLEEP
Where’s Barney, Red, Max, and Ross? I miss them.
Why are we still here, just to suffer.
3.00 AM
Youtube Notifications
Me: Nah
It's SkyDoesMinecraft
Me: 
Is it just me or does FavrmySabr sound alot like HWnT?
IM DEAD!! 
Casually walks past friends who witnessed his death
IM DEAAAAD!!!
This does bring a smile to my face.
"Yeah i mean there are tellytubbies using nucliar wepons tge sucurity here is bad..." TINKEY WINKEY ANGRY TINKEY WINKEY MAD -Best sentence 2019 🤣🤣❤❤❤


(Ps we love cops and robbers 🤣)
Glad i just finished my national exam and greeted by this video after coming home 
Thanks Sky!
So glad to have Adam back still funny as usual like he never left
What is this 2013 lmao this is crazy you guys are back together now
Next: Find JASON IM STARLTED
Are my eyes deceiving me? Are the legends true?!? This must not be real

Thanos: epicly snaps fingers cutely

Me: mr Adam, I do feel pretty good that you are doing this my herooo... epicly turns into dust
When The Hell did this happen!?!
Thought they where dead XD
Childhood coming back here,this was my favorite 😣
Adam every time I watch these new videos I almost cry. I think "ahhh it's nice to watch his old videos" then I realize "omg these are all new". Its like my childhood is returning. I'm glad that things are turning back around for you Adam, and I wish you well in life. Love ya man❤. I'm glad you're back
MY CHILDHOOD COPS AND ROBBERS WITH SKYDOESMINCRAFT IS BACK!
omg imma cry. Sky fr was my childhood and me being me just found out he went back to Minecraft and just HFZSIUFPIBRAFO
nostalgia nostalgia nostalgia i'm literally gonna cry rn watching this 🤩😭
I’ve missed you my dear friend
Glad to see Adam acting more like himself😊 keep it up man
whoever was the first dislike....I hope you burn
Oh man that old intro hit me hard
OH MY GOD, I THOUGHT THIS WAS AN OLD VIDEO IN MY SUGGESTIONS BUT I SAW AV- AHHHHHHH
I know this wont be noticed by anyone important or anyone at all but it makes me so happy to see Adam with all of his close friends playing weird and stupid games and maps just like the good old day as if nothing ever happend keep doing what your doing Adam aka making content for the people you love and the people you care about aka THE SKY ARMY we will always support you keep doing whatever your doing Adam 

- Thicc Boi
I’ve just been shot with nostalgia
I’ve never clicked on a notification faster
Whoever disliked the video 
1) why are you even watching 
2)you have no soul
Yes!!! I MISSED THIS! It feels like old times already. Thanks Sky
SKY! YOU GOTTA JUMP INTO DEADLOX'S BUTTHOLE AND EXPLODE HIM!
All I've ever wanted from life
4:08 LMAO THE DROP IS PERFECT
OH MY GOD YES
Old me: Come back me
Young me: Why?
SHOWS VIDEO
Young me: OH MY GOD HE’S BACK!!!
I was watching your series with AntVenom today and thought to myself, "Sky needs to do Cops 'n Robbers again."


Dreams do come true, boys.
Did This Just Happen?

This Is Iconic.
finally, after all these years...
omg i cant believe hes back
2:55
2013: Deadlox plays as the Warden and enters the Cafeteria

2019: Deadlox,"When did they add a Cafeteria to cops and robbers?"
I love you so much, COPS AND ROBBERS IS BACK BBY
Sees Sky playing happily with friends

Smiles
Woah, he sounds like himself! Keep thinking positive, Adam!
(im so happy cops and rob's is back omg)
yess @JeromeASF we need more! BTW LOVE YOU ADAM!
MY CHILDHOOD IS COMING BACK! YAY!!!
Spoiler Alert for End Game 






Deadlox will snap his fingers.
I HAVENT WATCHED YOU FOR YEARS, SO MANY MEMORIESSS
My favorite YouTubers collab (Favremysabre, JeromeASF and Deadlox)
literally crying 💀
Sky:DEADLOX

Thanoslox:AHHHHHH 

Sky:hey everyone what did I miss

Sky:you know I could got your arm

Thanoslox:but you didn't 

(Deadlox snap)

Sky:AH my kidney
Knock knock
Me:who’s there?
Your childhood
Damn this whole minecraft community is still going strong. Used to watch these all the time when i was like 10-13 bruh
This really brings me back to 2013.......





The old days were great man
ADAM I LOVE YOU YOUR AMAZING
I miss you sky, this is like the good old days 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂
This is so nostalgic. Even though it's modded i'll always prefer vanilla Cops and robbers.
Adam we love you and the whole gang also thank you for bringing our childhood back much love - Your subscribers. 
P.S I LOVE  BUTTER
i remember watching this since i was 5. im in high school now oh how the time has gone by :’)
Yo I hope your treatment goes well! Remember us fans are here to support you along the way. 💜
OMG THE NOSTALGIA I AM GOING TO CRYYYYY😭 you just got subbed
Adam I remember Everything you did in my childhood like teach me curse words...XD
You seem a lot better in this video Adam, hope you are doing well♡ great content
Please do a club ice video, I honestly loved those when I was 11 and I watched them again the other day and their honestly the best videos on YouTube I’ve seen in a while
We need to get Janice 😂😁  A.k.a Brotato.
THE NOSTALGIA. 
intense breathing 
ThE NOSTALGIA
I remember this my child hood oh GOD IM SO HAPPY!
The nostalgia from this was amazing im glad your back adam ^w^
Deadlox needs a better mic. 😂
C'mon Sky!!! Make minecraft great again!!! You were my favourite minecraft youtuber before and now that you returned you are still my favourite!!! Keep up the good work, you will reach the old days in a matter of time!!! ;D
Oh my god they are back its been so long since I heard that intro.
What happened to jason?He's got one video left and is on no social media.so much nostalgia I literally feel sick
I'm so happy you're back Adam!  Keep up the good work and don't force yourself stop if you needed
OMAAAAHAGAAAAD I CRIED WHILE WATCHING THIS


Coz these kind of videos were my happy pill everytime my parents fight
I feel like Adams "alley-oop" line was very under appreciated. That was freaking hilarious!
It's good to see ur cops and robbers videos back up.
I also want you to know I love you content and keep it up
Omg it's the real sky!!! His laugh!! Everything it's back!!!!
"Man good to be ba- SKYS INTRO PLAYS.. "NOSTALGAAA
2:00 ADAM HOW DID YOU DO THAT??!?! THAT WAS SOME LEGIT SKILL!?!?! YOU SNUCK PAST THANOSLOX, HOW??! 


when you snuck by him i had to pause the vid i couldn't breathe!!!
Omg memories!! This made up my childhood and I'm so grateful that you guys did this! Thank you SO MUCH!!  Also, hope you're doing good in your treatment. ❤❤😭
NO WAY! COPS AND ROBBERS?


the nostalgia, it hurts
LET'S GET THIS BREAD
I use to watch this all the time when you first started making your videos 🤭‼️
I... I've never cried so much in my life
deadlox’s mic sounds just as bad as always
love your vids been watching for 6 years
Wow sabre dumped the daycare vids for dis?




Still happy tho
“There’s Teletubbies letting off nuclear missiles”

When did the 4 become the North Korean leaders
Is it 2019 or is it 2013?!?! SO GLAD TO SEE Y'ALL BACK!!!!!
YES MY BABY THE ORIGINAL COPSNROBBERS MAP. LOVE YOU SKY!
Sky you should about getting the bois on SMP LIVe
i miss this serie ohh do one wiht Pokemon and one wiht My little Pony XD 

ohh and i always woht you got Sun glasses on
I just clicked this notification faster than anything and I also did hit the like because I read the description.
FINALLY ! something worth watching on youtube <3 my childhood is back
Adam just do like ONE video playing roblox with the guys, stuff would be hella funny. 
Minecraft is doing good, glad it’s back.
Also join CallmeCarsons SMP LIVE server. That would be a cool crossover episode
OMG!!! I love cops and RoBBERS!!! I'm glad to see this again. Keep up the good work.
when i saw this i was so confused cause i've been binging cops n robbers and most of  the videos say 3 years ago and this one said 3 HOURS AGO, i literally rubbed my eyes to check i was seeing the right word.
THANK YOU SO MUCH ADAM 
I am BEGGING YOU to please make a video with rtgames
BRO I MISSED THIS SO MUCHHHH 💕💕💕😥😥😥💕💕💕💕💕
sky uploads cops n robber am i dreaming!?
100% of comments: 
something relating to childhood
“I’m a Roomba!” VROOM

Laugh like 2013
10:31
Stay strong and thanks for the great video
'It's really, really, really good bread'. This is the best quote, hands down.
Can’t believe your back Cops and Robbers is a Classic Series And Maybe Team Crafted can be Reunited too
No way I haven't watched your vids fpr years and just remembered you and saw this vid I'm shocked
Its back baby lets go 

Comment whos your favorite avenger 🎉🎈🎈🎉
I was literally talking to my friend yesterday  about the good old days watching you and cops and robbbers
Omg thanks bro, I’ve missed copsNrobbers for so long
Glad to see you again on mincraft love the vid keep it up
he sounds so happy!! we're rooting for u adam! i hope ur doing well
Plot twist:
These are actually from the endgame and all of you got spoiled
Imagine Spiderman with a voice crack: I dont feel so good, Mr. Stark
Yes its back you don't know how long I've been watching your cops and robbers
My childhood comes back!!! Glad to see you back on your feet man!!
OMG ITS FINALLY BACK?
My face lit up when i saw this in notificatons. Intro confused me but ehhh cops n robbers ftw
Omg it's amazing to see you back Sky, good to know you're doing better
my childhood aahh! adam you are amazing mate, thank you!
Oh my god that damn OG intro oooooooooo mannnnnnnnn
Yes Deadlox is back and not doing fortnite 😂 poggers
I’m in tears 😭😭 I missed this so much all the way from when I was 11 and I’m turning 16 next month. The memories are hitting hard.
This use to be my favorite series when I was growing up watching you 😂
;-; I’m so overwhelmed with joy!
Fudge yeah I’ve been watching you since the 6th grade 2011. 8 years later still here
Hey Adam, hope the treatment is going well and you are able to make a full recovery. On behalf of the whole community, we are still very happy to see you uploading again on this account. I find it very ironic that someone who has helped lots of people through bad times is now in need of help. Keep uploading, do your own content, be why we chose to watch you in the first place,
Be unique. <3
WOAH COPS AND ROBBERS!!!! How long has it been?!?!?!? HYPE
It's only been a minute and it already has a dislike
How dare that person
dude brings me tears to my eyes knowing you're laughing like old times man, good for you !
Adam - Screams     
Me - Squeals twice as loud
Ahh the nostalgia.. add mitch in Cops n robbers too!
Do the AVP mod next!


Also... Cops and Robbers are back! aaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!
1 View and 5 likes. Looks like YT is drunk again.
Thx for not changing intro brings back the best memories and welcome back
It seems today, that all you see, are challenges, T series and Fortnite gameplays. But where are those good ol fashion videos?
Sky: LUCKY WERE STILL ALIIIIIVE!!
LUCKY THERES STILL A MINECRAFT GUUY!!
And so the clock resets
Omg I luv this series so much😍😍
This is an incredible return. I absolutely love the return of this type of content
I missed you so much ❤❤❤
Damn these edits are better than the golden years... the sky army COMES BA K STRONGER.
Sky:  uploads






Me:  returns to childhood




Me: Happy
Lol just had the notification for this video after 20 seconds of already knowing it was up
I AM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW YOU HAVE NO IDEA
Thank god you sound happy look like you're getting better ow and i love all of the vidoe you make keep doing what  you want
omg bring back KLUB ICE   yaww
is this cops and robers just reuploaded?
finally an original type cops on robbers, missed these :,)
I grew up watching this stuff from you Adam. It makes me cry to see it again, it's so nostalgic. You sound fantastic. Thank you!
Am happy to see Adam doing better
COPS AND ROBBERS IS FREAKIN BACK!
I remember cops and robbers from 6 years ago with husky bodil Ryan Jordan bajan bodil munching brotato
I love old school sky. Like him and brotato having fun and laughing like maniacs. And this is filling me with nostalgia.
I'm crying tears of joy, i can't believe Adam is back doing this
The influence and enjoyment from 4 to 15 I love you man
Old Adam is back! Or should I say 😏 sky
Hey I'm early for once, ADAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMMM you legend thank you for returning it means so much to a lot of us(btw I'm depressed too got hit by a car going 100km/h). I've enjoyed your vids since my primary school days and well you've been healing so have i and your vids have helped thank you bro sky
Amen to the day that Minecraft becomes popular again
Anyone remember that one episode where Jerome built a whole house near the ship while everyone else was suffering in prison?
Does this mean Ross coming back potentially 🥺
Yes he plays minecraft again yes thank u so much
Missed cops and robbers, love you!
YES ITS BACK!! Good job sky!
My favorite series of his I love cops and Robberssssssss
COPS AND ROBBERS!!!! YES!! THANK YOU SKY!!😭😭😭
I was watching an old hide n seek video from adam and i clicked faster than the speed of light to watch this video
Super awesome vid dude i love that your back and love you your the best also im on my moms acc2
Can you do a do not laugh with ross shubble and ginger man 😂i love do not laugh  THEY ARE FUNNNYY
im crying ;-; i love cops and robbers THE NOSTALGIAAAAAAAAAAAAA
First second in the video I'm already laughing and you look happier and this vid please keep it up
OMFGGGGGFFFFFRJNRJDNDHDJDMEHDSMEM
IM CRYING IVE BEEN WAITIBG FOR THISSSSB
SN
DHAKABENJSBS
COPS AND ROBBERS 😭😭😭😭😭
I MISSED THIS SO MUCH OMG DO MORE DO MORE OR TRY NOT TO LAUGH😭😪😪🥴
I remember quite a few years ago I talked about how I miss the old crew with fluffy and lox and how I miss them 
And I’m happy they are back

However can I now say




I miss barney 




GOATTTTT

GOATTTTT
N O S T A L G I A
N O S T A L G I A
Deja vu



I felt it and Im serious
It's like watching the old Cops n Robbers gang in the good ol' days.
i remember the first cops and robbers my boi sky here played




ima bout to cry
He sounds like he's almost back to normal.

Yeah Adam
yo bro you sound much happier here. I'm glad, also more cops and robbers would be nice :) we love you bro stay strong hope everything is getting better
I was fine until I saw ASF come out of the darkness looking like that
HELLA MEMORIES 😢💞
Was this legit posted on april 24?
Hey sky im happy your back and can we get back mad max and you guys just piss him off!
My fucking gosh, this was my childhood, the intro, the jokes, everything. Love it.
I saw the title, and then the title registered. 

And then I started to cry.
Thank you sky for bring back COPS AND ROBBERS
If you go into channels and the subscribed it says T series
The God has came back into it's full form
Thank you for makeing me feel better about being sick in the first 10 seconds
Pleasure to see y’all doing better.
OH MY GOD! 

YEET YEET YEET YEET YEET!!!! HE SAID YEET!!!!
Ah the boxing is back
2 views and 13 comments
ok youtube
Hay Sky can you do a cops and robbers episode where you use the Scp foundation mod plzzzzzzz
P.s "I'll give you butter"
You should try the 1.7.10 super heroes unlimited mod it coming out when end game comes out it really good
Where my gacha people at 
also yay my childhood has returned ;-;
Oh my god i missed this
Sky I love your vids good to see you back to a amazing game
I loved your vids you were my childhood just all of my childhood was watching your vids love you man
5:44 lol that is the oldest trick in the book
Having bloody flashbacks to my childhood right now, I missed this
Oh my god. Cops and Robbers is back!!
Morrow of this cops and robbers video:

Don't piss of tinky winky 

EVER!!!!!!
IM CRYING RIGHT NOW WE GOT COPS AND ROBBERS BACK
Time to sleep-


*video gets recommended*
Give me 15 minutes.
IM CRYUNG WHY ARE ALL MY FAVS EXCEPT MITCH COMMING BACK
THANK YOU ADAM I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
HE BROUGHT THE INTRO BACK THIS WAS MY CHILDHOOD
JEEZUS FINALY IVE MISSED THIS
Wait if both Sky and Ryan know Sabre do they know each other
WHEN I SAW RHIS I HYPERVENTILATED
just like the old times 🥺
I miss the days with Ross Dawnables when he yelled FLUFFY at Jerome Bajan Canadian and hide and seek with IHasCupquake
Warning adam tht backround music in the early part of the vid around 1:40 is been under heavy copyright fire
Omg I go this in my recommendation and I thought it was an old vid that I haven’t watched xD love you dude ❤️
If u ever do another do not laugh. Tell Ross to wear that adventurer’s fedora and him just saying “Jessie” over and over again.
Breaking bad reference
am i trippin or is this a new episode of cops and robbers 😱
Sky... 
We need a new intro
Words cannot express the amount of times i genuinely smiled watching this
lol can i just say that the 'roomba' is actually called 'noo noo' and its from this kids tv show called Teletubbies.
Tell deadlox to turn down his mic gain
Deadlox = Thanos confirmed
Have you seen endgame or captain marvel yet sky? I sure haven't 😥
Is it just me or does sky's intro remind you of the constant 240p vids from the simpler times of 2012?
1 view and 5 comments.
This is just bringing back such good memories! I love this so much! Thank you sky!
Holy bro my whole childhood just flashed before my eyes YES HES FINALLY POSTING AGAIN
Bro u guys gotta get on smp live with call me carso
Happy to see the team back together and making good contents again 🍞😄

one suggestion tho, can you make your videos smoother I mean the frame rate is kinda buggy, I don't know if it's my laptop or maybe YouTube but your recent contents is kinda buggy 😅

aaaaaand also put on shaders again sky👌
SABER!!!!!! Wait! How do you know Saber?
I’m getting so nostalgic 

8 year old me is happy.
The man who broke me out of depression
DUUUDE I MISSED THIS SERIES SOOOO MUCH I CRIED TEARS OF JOY SEEING THIS!!!
I'm crying.. I started watching you when I found out youtube was a thing and I remember coming home and watching you everyday. Like no joke I missed you so much. wipes tears THanK YoU. (I will now continue watching you everyday)
Deadlox Minecraft is gone :(
Childhood memory's are BACK flashbacks of sky doing minecraft things this video is my childhood i love it
Bring Back Team Crafted 💯
2019 SKY CAN SEE AGAIN GUYS
ROSS IS CURED AH😭😂
Man I haven’t seen on of your video since I was like 13yo Oml it’s been years
YESS!!! Cops and robbers is my frickin favorite!!
Cops and robbers yes I've been waiting for this
Last time i was this early Antman climbed up my bum.... Wait what!?
Remember the time where max was so salty that if you would throw Max into a lake it would turn into the ocean
This brings back my memories
Use different prison maps!
OMG this actually feels like the old times
why am i crying
that old feeling of happiness came back when sky jumped off the side of the building without anyone noticing. please do more!
one of my favorites. thank you adam
Its good to be back watching with this im so happy and your the best sky
It's been so long since you have done a cops n robbers video!!😃
This is a weird feeling... like a memory I lost came back
NO. IT CANT BE.

MY CHILDHOOD????
Your the best man you made a full recovery
Ah, the return to the golden age of what once was. I'm glad this is back
Childhood flashbacks intensify
Yes!!!
I legit did not see this coming, but I'm not disappointed
;Many people think and say sky has changed a lot i think he has Evolved into a majestic BEAST
Is so amazing you’re back, and I am so looking forward to more content, but um, just one thing, could you please turn off your clouds? I can’t see.
OMFG FINALLY I can Rest In Peace know
The memories of cops and robbers and the intro is such a orgasm
My childhood just came back to me I'm so happy 😄
ITS BACK AFTER 5 YEARS IN THE MAKING
Hey sky do you remember the #rossom?
I actually watched all the cops and robbers eps before this
this is were men cry
Cops and robbers hell yeah one of my favorite series from sky
“Tip” u don’t wanna put music in art pieces like this but THANK YOOOUUU SSOOOO MUCH FOR PLAYING THIS
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY IM GONNA CRY
Pure 
Fresh
Sweet
Nostalgia
Perfect world : no fortnite and sky videos very second
The nostalgia and memories I've waited a long time just for this!
I’m not crying it’s just those goddamn ninja cutting onions again”
yesss cops and robbers finely i missed it so much
This is reviving my childhood especially the intro
Grade A, 10/10, Would Chew
One of these guys sound like max
Keep up the good work Adam
Yes! Cops and Robbers is back!
I am SO happy right now🤣
This vid broght back somany memories
I know I did not just get a notification that Sky is doing Cops and Robbers
3:07 Ty: "Let's eat friends-"
Me: yes



Sky: 
YOooOo les go I watched the entire video I remember watching these.
Wait if sky’s character had two eyepatches then that semi counts as a blind fold and Sabre’s character actually has a blindfold then are like kenshi from MK10
thrilled ur back man!
I DONT CARE HOW LONG IT TAKES TO MAKE A VIDEO, MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK!
We’ve gotten like 4 videos like this, but nostalgia is still getting me
I miss the runk still have no idea why sky and them had a falling out and why sky media dissolved the way it did
YYYYYEEEEESSSS!
BEST DAYS OF MY WHOLE CHILDHOOD WWOOOOOOOOHH
HOlY the OlD intro havent seen that in years
This feels so nostalgic. You really are enjoying this and its making me enjoy it more. Keep it up
"Adam post new vidio called cops and robbers"chiledhood join the game
My happiness has returned. Thank you
Man I missed watching ur vids
Glad to see you back bud😄
I'm seeing it on Friday..... In not prepared
The Old Intro Brings Nostalgia
“When you play mine, mine, Minecraft”
You know a video is good when, as of writing this, it has 5.7k likes and 22 dislikes
OMG DEADLOX SENPAI
so glad your back to the old days of minecraft. Cops and Robbers with Mods
HOLY YES!!! I CAN NOT BELIEVE IT IS HAPPENING AGAIN YESSSS!!!!
I love this series, PLEASE MOREEEE
Holy crap this map brings back memories
OMG who is an OG here and remembered these types of videos
I wish you could do it with huskey, but he’s a rapper now :(
Yes!! Finally We get Cops and Robbers!!!
Hell yeah brother some cops and robbers did the trick
Did you know that sky does minecraft subscribe to T series
My friend calls me Tinki Winky and I call her Po
Deadlox mic was close to his mouth and it killed me the whole video
Did deadlox always have a 0 in his name?
That laugh........
Nostalgia to its finest
Its great to know Adam is happy with his old friends, 2012 coming back
I burst into tears of nastalga after i saww this
wait, the glove is on wrong hand.
HES RETURNED
My graduation is in a few weeks omg I feel so old these videos bring back memories :’)
My childhood........ BRO! CODE BUTTER! I REPEAT CODE BUTTER!
He's just like old times YAY!
You have no idea how happy I am that you're doing Minecraft again
Sky, make more gta v Vids, they are da best
Dude it been a long time I thought u stop making videos
MY CHILDHOOD YAAAASSS <333
* happy noises intensified*
Ah... The good memories return
I got nostalgia feels when i saw his ol intro
the flashbacks , i -
I’m 18 and reliving my childhood from when I was 13 🥺 the intro alone gave me nostalgia
An ad for Avengers Endgame just popped up when the video ended
Omg i didnt know how much i missed this
I thought I would never be seeing this again 😢
I'm glad to see you getting happier, Adam. This brings me back to when you did all this stuff. Those were the years, i'm glad to see you playing some old things again, I hope you're enjoying playing them! (:
OH MY GOD THE CHILDHOOD MEMORIES! <3
I love how full of life and excited Adam is in this
Heck yeah bro lets keep this thing going
Thanks Adam your bringing back good memories
That intro made me feel nostalgia.
My childhood is back!
Ever since callmecarsons smp live I've been watching tons of minecraft
FavreMySabre is here damn.
Team Crafted revival ark incoming
When deadlox realizes their was a cafeteria in cops n robbers since the beginning of cops n robbers 😂 2:55
Ahh my actual childhood I thought this was an old video but it's NEW!
I missed cops and robbers so much!! My childhood is back!!!
Looks like I’m not watching anymore fortnite. YOURE BACKKKK
NickNoClip, Red ArcherMC, TheHappywheels1 - Minecraft, and I did a video on the old cops and robbers video to honor this. I'm so glad it's here again.
I forgot how much I missed this
Adam... THE MEMORIES AAAAHHHH!!!! Thank you so much for doing this! I was pretty young when I first watched you, I was blessed. Thank you for existing. Whoever brings you down, get back up by looking at your fans of how supportive they are. Hope you have a good day Adam and stay strong. :)
You made me wanna do YouTube I'm trying so far its hard
This feels like one of the OLD old videos. 🙃
You know its been a while when sky still has clouds on
BRO, MY CHILDHOOD 😀
MY CHILDHOOD!!!
;-; the memories
Minecraft is like a abusive boyfriend you keep going back to
I miss you man!
Cops and robbers is back 😄
:D the gang is back doing this
I feel like I'm watching an older episode
BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH COPS AND ROBBERS!!!!!👍🏼
Skylox is back boys
YES




YESSSSSSSSSS
Everybody is mentioning that this is their childhood and all that. I'm just over here sitting in the corner appreciating that intro to an amazing video.
TINKY WINKY ANGRY TINKY WINKY MAD
oh adam i missed your videos :((
oh my gos i remember watching all of these as a kid... never missing any of these vids ToT
i misss this!!!!!!!!!
This makes me very happy. Thanks Adam and crew.
OMG I FEEL LIKE A CHILD AGAIN AHHHHH
Why does deadlox sound like has a Xbox mic
INTRO INTRO INTRO INTRO INTRO
you should get badlion :>
Just got hit by a nostalgia brick
I've been waiting 2 years for this
YEET THE WHEEEEEEEEEAT!!!!!
I gasped so hard when I saw this!
Oml tysm I love these and I love y'all 💖💖💖
OMG
YAAAASSSS
Years later, Deadlox still has a bad mic.
Who's cutting the nastalgic onins in here (I have the brain of an 8 year old ok)
My life is good arter this
OH MY GOD IT'S BACK
I love his laugh it doesn’t feel fake anymore
AGGGH THE MEMORIESSS
Hopefully they all grow to become a great community again
THE NOSTALGIA!!
Its nice to see adam playing cops and robbers again
5:40 that was amazing! Really hope your feeling better! Have a great day:)
my childhood is REVIVED, thank you adam i love you
I remember the old cops and robbers xD Love to see the series starting again
I love that you’re getting back into and also I hope you get the treatment you’re looking for. God bless and goodnight!
I havent seen cops n robbers in a while holy hell this is conteny
Adam can you plan Monopoly or the game of Life you don't have to
Are these endgame spoilers???
Yall remember epic jump map????
The... the nostalgia
Love ya bro you are my icon
brings me back to the good ol’ days
What I’ve waited for my entire life sky to do another cops v robbers
Haven't watched in 8 months. This was my favorite series back then!
I'M HAPPY!! ADAM IS GETTING HAPPIER
I only had to hear "telletubbies" to lose my sanity
Laughing at this video feels so nostalgic ahhhhhhhhhHHHh glad to have you back
I love this just like the good old days let’s get more vids like this plz
MORE MOR MPRE
MAN I MISS COPS AND ROBBERS SO MUCH
I miss the old Adam low key
I feel like I'm in elementary school again
I’ve been watching you for 8 years and while it wasn’t always and every episode I find that each time you bring back things like cops and robbers it makes me happy to know it’s going okay and seeing the old gang kinda rekindle
Returning to the content that both Adam and Us enjoy.
omg my wish came true, we attack the dislikers at dawn
I hope your feeling better, man. We're always here to support you!
I think my nostalgia made me bust a nut
MY CHILDHOOD HAS BEEN REVIVED
Link for the map?
its been 50 years ;v
why do I hear bajans voice
OK SO I JUST STARTED THE VID AND I BET IM GONNA LAUGH A LOT BUT I JUST WANTED TO SAY THAT IM CRYING BC THROWBACK AND I LOVE THIS SO MUCH AND ADAM AND TY AND JEROME AND EVERYONE IM JUST SO GRATEFUL FOR YALL ILY
Mr. Adam, I don’t feel so good
COPS AND ROBBERS YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh thank you guys
When  I start uploading again
Glad to see you back Sky.
My childhood clicked on the video so fast
Anybody remember when jerome built a house in cops and robbers?
It was a nice friday afternoon in 2012 you sit down with a capri sun and a pop tart and you start the video
I used to not like cops and robbers because it gives me so much anxiety XD BUT YAY Cops and robbers! :D
Dude its been so long im getting nostalgia
Oh my God this reminds me of the times. Thank you sky!
This was the world's greatest hit of nostalgia
I love these~<3
OH GOD MY HEART IS ABOUT TO EXPLODE FROM JOY!!!
It’s good to hear his real laugh again and watch him play with his buddies but I do kinds wish they would play with Ross and max and Barney while still playing with Jerome ans deadlox becuz it’s been so long since they have together
I found this is my recommendations and I think I cried for 30 minutes cause I forgot about you guys-
Yes finally more cops and robbers!
YO MY MANS IS BACK
This makes me genuinely happy.
OMFG YES THE COPS AND ROBBERS I WAS TEARING UP WHEN I SAW THIS IN MY INBOX
HOLY YES YOUR BACK THE KING OF MINECRAFT IS BACK
Sky dug out his old mic from years ago
Sky does cops and robbers is BACK!
YES YES YES YEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS
Would love to see you guys do another battledome
THE MEMORIES ;D
The nostalgia got the best of me
SKY ARMY, LETS GET THIS BREAD
Bro I have not seen u in so long
Can you maybe do some face cam  in future videos?
Whats the mod or plugin in the video?
im not gonna lie this is my childhood favorite series, sky ive been watching your videos recently but never comment first one in a couple years good things will come now that this series is alive again anyway  i remember the videos of these series you removed one you removed was one with the tornados mod it was my favorite anyways goodbye :)
Oh my god, the nostalgia
I just got a huge flash back of my childhood
HOLY CRAP C&R!
Adam is literally the reason I know English
the fossil has been revived
CHILDHOOD IS IN HYPER DRIVE
This was so scripted yet I love it
This is so amazing 😭
Omg, yes, bring back those great memories...
ENDGAME WAS AWESOME!
Omg, my childhood!
I like that they still use 3.0 prison
OMG THIS WAS MY CHILDHOOD HE STILL DOES MINECRAFT XD
Yes!!! The old map
Nostalgia Freak is back :3
This brings back probably the best memories of my life. Sky was the reason I got into minecraft. Love it
Yo, is this the remastered version of childhood?!
now we just gotta get max, ross, and barney and the band's back together
Jerome dealox and sky all in cops and robbers my child hood
OMG IT BACK YESSSSSS
This is the content I missed
my boi is back yay!
OMG MY OLD FRIEND I WATCH SKY WHEN I WAS LIKE 7 QND NOW IM QBOUT TO BE 14
i have been prying, i had preyed for sky to be happy.  god answered
I like how Ty’s mic hasn’t changed in 7 years. It still sounds like he’s in a cave with the mic in his mouth.
DO MORE DO NOT LAUGH!!!
If you are the 5 dislikes, screw all of you
This IS THE BEST REUNION EVER
Nostalgia ❤️❤️❤️
this is the sky we all know and love......
I dont deserve this amount of gold!
Holy fuc he's back
#pastrami city
Why does everyone always forget about the cafeteria?
The nostalgia is real.
my childhood memories have come back, for real this is the most nostalgic best moment in my life ;D 'sobs'
He sounds so happy. I’m glad he’s still here :,)
Legends never die out
i’m back after like years of not watching yOU WHAT
I haven't laughed so hard in weeks. Do more. Cops are and robbers were your best series and still is.
Remember when Jerome built a house in Cops vs Robbers
It’s the old new  intro
Mr adam... i dont feel so good...
Is ross here its been a while since I’ve seen sky
My happiness is at 10000000000000%
GOD HAS RETURNED
THE NOSTALGIA MY GOD
OMG YOOOOOOOO
The flashbacks
Deadlox Thanos more like DeadThanos
This brings back so many memories
Never thought that I will live to see this video!! Sky army is back!!!
YES OH MY GOD
My Childhood returns!!!
YES THE NOSTALGIA
Oh my dude he is finally back
FUUUUUU** YEAHHHHHH!!! FINALLYYY
I'm so glad to see your happy Adam!
YES IT'S BACK!!!
YES IT'S BACK!!!
I cried when I saw that it was cops and robbers
Nostalgia has joined the game
My childhood has returned
Avengers Endgame deleted footage
So many memories
OH GOD THANOSLOX IS HERE!!! RUN!! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!
Wait wait wait. What. Is he really back with these videos?? My childhood :) I used to watch these videos all the time and died laughing
Jesus man the nostalgia of cops and robbers though
MY CHILDHOOD YOU HAVE RETURNED!!!!!!!!!!
I missed the old crew
OMG HI DAD
I watch you when I was 3
OMG YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Who remembers his squid quest thing where he climbed that giant ass tower and never continued it
What happened to Ty’s voice
T h a n l o x
I'm so glad he's back
Butter army for life
Yes! Its back!
got an endgame ad, nice
The real question is.. where is Jason
Cops and robbers my fav series
Didn't know I missed this series
I'm happy to watch YouTube for once
Intros back
Sweet sweet memories.  :,)
this is MY endgame
why did you post this 4 weeks after jerome
This is so old Jarome made this
The good old days of cops n robbers
OMG IT HAPPENED
I acualy cried what the sky dose minecraft into came on.
What mod is rjos
The thannos snap restored my childhood
heckin heck, you didn't tell me sky dies in infinity war
I missed this so much.
COPS AND ROBBERS!!!
TINKY WINKY ANGRY!!!
OMG I love it!
DAMNNNNN




R.i.p Iron Man
Yes... yes.... yesss.....
I smiled at his laugh
Deadlox’s mic is just as shitty as I remember, I love it.
Tiki Wiki Angry
Ya think that we can get facecam back soon? X
The nostalgia,omg
Yessssssssssssd
SikanBkakansnajka MY CHILDHOOD HAS BEEN RETAINED!!!!!!!!!
There are 57 people who deserve to be snapped away
It feels like I time traveled back to 2013
All seven people that disliked this video burn in funking hell
Try playing rainbow six or space engineer
Yayyyyyyyy I miss this series
God I miss those Minecraft days
I feel nostalgic
Skydoesmincraft is official back 😁😁😁
#jizzygary
Adam, I have one question if you don't mind me asking?
This brought me to tears when I found out sky started making Minecraft videos again. My childhood.
Imagine if thanos trapped people like this just for friends
YES MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK
8 people disliked so far and 8 people's suffering will last a many lifetimes as their sins cannot be forgiven
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGG YAY
YES ITS ALL COMING BACK TO ME
It’s twentyMINEteen bois...
First few seconds into the video and already I’m not ready
MY CHILDHOOD IS BACKKKKKKK
wow this is super cool he's back sorry I have't watched in a bit
omg what is going ON
YOOOO ITS LIKE IM A KID AGAIN!!!!
IT HAS RETURNED
We need more Mod show case
I'm so happy ❤❤❤
Ahh- the nostalgia--
Man, 2013 memories
I love the new layout
I miss Ross
I'm so happy he is back too the way he was when I was in first grade, im in high school now
Never forget ROOOOSSSSSSSS
This takes me back to that storm mod you guys used on cops and robbers. This was in January 2014
Ive been shot in the gut by 2013
Omg am going to cry
nostalgia levels are over the roof right now
What is Adams mic so bad like not to be mean but why?
But WHY THO?!
Yeeeesss
You can play bed wars
Ahhh the memories
the throwback omg
I mess Ross he was pretty cool
TOO MANY MEMORIES
I missed you guys
My childhood has returned.
Who remembers when he stated rapping
Yes!!!! Can you do a video with..Appppppppppppppppppppppmau! And ROSS
God I missed thank for coming back sky I hope the treatment is going well
HES BACK THE LEGEND IS BACK!!!!
The nostalgia tho
Deadlox?!
COPS & CROBBERS
yes YES CHILDHOODS
MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK
Whoever the 18 dislikes are I hope you have a nice day because I'm a kind person and wish no harm on others even if they disagree with my opinion
YOOOOOOOOOO
Ok who the freak disliked this video? THE LEGEND OF BUTTER HAS CAME BACK WHY WOULD YOU DISLIKED THIS VIDEO😠😠
Nostalgia guts hit me harder than my dad hits me
who remebers team crafted
I miss Ross
My childhood is back😭😭
Do more plz
Petition for do not laugh ?
cries in nostalgia
Deadlox's mic is peepeepoopoo
WHAT HAPPENED TO ROSS HOUSE_OWNER YOURPALROSS
Thanks for bringing this back
YES COPS AND ROBBERS ARE BACK YES!!!!!!!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
Like I’d say with a good friend, it makes me happy to see you happy.
Team Crafted amirite?
thanos snapped Ross and Max away
Yesss
I miss this
Ahhh, my pp is hard again
Those 13 dislikes are the squids.
😭 my childhood is restored
what are some of the mods that you use?
It’s so strange seeing this sort of stuff again. It’s like you never left, save for you hopefully being in a better state of mind now (hope your treatment is going well, by the way). Like I legit feel like I’ve fallen into some strange alternate reality. Couldn’t be happier about it, either.
Welcome to club Ice
Make new intro
Anyone else get the Ant Man reference in the beginning?
cries in nostalgia
Time has been reversed
This is endgame
I love the laugh 😂
Jesus its been a while :O
Nostalgia from 6 years ago.
I missed this
Oh yes back to the basics
Ahhhh this is nice... Back to the classics
Glad you back
Who remembers a long long time ago when Jerome and Adam played cops and robbers Jerome just escaped by himself and broke a tree and made it a house while everyone else was playing
NOSTALGIA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Much love Adam
We’ve travelled back to 2012, and I couldn’t be happier
Do more cops and robbers plz
Minecraft's gonna make a comeback
YES PLEASE
#Thanlox
i just want to say this but i grew up watching sky does minecraft   tbh i actually  cried when u stop making these special videos i have had alot of depression with out u but now that ur back ive been alot better i just want to say i love u man u alway will have a special place in my heart
Oh my God my small heart the memories thank you so much sky you seem so much happier. My first video was in your epic jump map days, it was a Christmas adventure map with Deadlox where you fought zombies and still cursed. I was something like 8 years old and this is such a throwback to the good old days (from there I was a fan until your final videos) and it just makes me so happy to see you back at it. Assuming you still have dogs, give them some good boy pats for me?(if you don't still have dogs pat Galleleo or Jet)

-Elizabeth, 14 from NJ
happiness noise
FINALLY
Nice editing
He was just trying to get avengers endgame into the title
;———;
its fun seeing the person i grew up with
I miss the good old Adam
Hey adam,where is your face camera ?its way funnier when you had a camera for your face
MY CHILDHOOD YOU HAVE RETURNED!!!!!!!!!!
It feels like my child self is trying to crawl out of that place in my heart...like some wholesome form of a chestburster...
good to know that nothing has changed
But this does, put a smile on my face.... Wait a minute, I've seen this video before!?!?
am i in the right year
Dude omg
I miss the old days of me sitting in my room watching these all day
Th good old days
I haven't smiled this much in a good while
I miss this!!!
I rember you from being a mid
Now this is memories
ITS COPS AND ROBBERS PEEPS
Adam, thanks for sticking through. You have made a huge impact on all of our lives. All I can do is thank you.
I PEED!
Oh my god the memories
dislikes were probably fortnite players
This is my childhood right her
So much feccing memories from 2012
The same old map. So many memories and laughs. Old faces to I feel like I’m in the past
Crap I didn't see this CRAP
My Childhood my leader lead our armies once more to the open world
Play the walls again
It's nice to see you guys just having fun. Not really taking this that seriously, its just nice is all.
HE'S BACK
we're back
OH MY GOD
My childhood is coming back to me
WHAT HAPPENED TO APHMAU
Iiiin cryinggg
butter and squids hehe
MORE
The intro reminded me of when my old principal asked my class: what were the names of the Teletubbies?
Glad its back!
Yes jerome make more with sky
im just crying man.
YES!
This is soooo much like the old videos YESSSSSSS
I hope his views come back. This video was awsome!
The 22 people that disliked either disliked because they were blinded by memories or that they are a genuinely a bad person.
The potential is limitless 
I guess you could say, the SKY is the limit!





I'll step out.
The best map returns and its better than ever
Bread
I now have faith in humanity
Last time I watched u was like 5 6 years ago
I’m crying with  happiness
Sky it'll take a while to get back to the views you had but I will be sure to tell everyone I know
 you have returned
Please do more!
about time
Did you know that teletubies are 10 feet tall
OH MY GOD HES BACK
I feel 9 again
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS!
SO MUCH NOSTALGIA
Who should be in the next cops and robbers?
What's the mod they're using?
this isn’t gonna work
Summer is coming and I swear, there will be nothing but time for everybody, Adam, the summer is your comeback
UGHHHH MY CHILDHOOD
ROPS AND COBBERS
This is my childhood I missed this so much
SKYYYYYYYYY
I love you adam
MY CHIDLHOOD IS BACK
Yooo the memories😤😤😤
oh man this nostalgia hits hard
DID I READ THIS TITLE RIGHT
Aw a classic
Is this an old video?
OK, now this is nostalgic.
Do do not laugh pls
I guess you still enjoy playing minecraft with friend sometimes.
My childhood is back...
flahbacks
what is wrong with these modles
i got Diabetes (sadly)
I have a joke you guys could do on do not laugh, so spell out “ANOTHER TOURCH!” in bedrock or a block that doesn’t explode and then cover it in tnt then for the joke light the tnt once it is done exploding say “another tourch!”
Youtube: How much childhood do you want?
Skydoesminecraft: Yes
Happy Nostalgia noises
Now these aren’t cringe
THE OG OF SKY DOES MINECRAFT
so hold up, is Adam actually doing Minecraft videos again? I thought he was just doing it ironically but I've noticed he's been uploading them a lot
I am hecking crying this is so nostalgic
I miss cop and robbers so much!!!!
I miss this videos
childhood has joined the game
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
OH YES
Please do more cops and robbers
nostalgic.
He has returned
LIKE SO SKY CAN DO VRCHAT FOR FIRST TIME PLEASE
mY CHILDHOOD
I hope adam will be back forever
Ahhhh my childhood has returned I missed this and hide and seek
Butter king boi is baaaaackk ahhhh
There’s tellatubbies letting off nuclear missiles
C and r are back
The old days will never be the same but ya can at least try and this has been the closest
Man, the nostalgia
Oh my memories.
Ayyeeee cops and robbers is back baby
hOI! :•3
THANOS' S ONLY WEAKNESS...








a metal door.
I that I would never see the day were sky does Minecraft would be back
Try and get minecraft universe to upload again
YESYESYESYESYES
Make an old town Minecraft parody
9:33
;)
cop's and robbers is still awesome plus sky still remember his way to the boat and not do that one parkour your way down and miss but this series was my favorite and love your videos their funny as always and your awesome sky
Oh my god my childhood
Where is ross
This guy was my childhood and still is
COPS AND ROBBERS!!!
nostalgia has entered the chat
Oh my god
hhhhhhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH THE NOSTALGIA IS HITTING ME HARDER THAN MY FATHER WITH A BELT
WHAT
14:54
First time coming back to this channle in a few months and omg. I didnt know your playing minecraft again
YES
😍
;)
I love you sky
Memorys
dude i remember watching cops and robbers all the time when i was little
My childhood is back.
PLEASE BRING THIS BACK PERMANENTLY
Please try and get Ross in here ive been here since i was 5 years old
I’m wondering if your going to play different games still?
Childhood intensifies
Reee nostalgia hit me so hard!
Well. I’m happy now.
The nostalgia
NOSTALGIAAAAAA
Yay!!my favorite seires!
Play the hunger games again and the one you had laser guns and stuff please
nostalgic
Omg my childhood😢
I didn’t know the teletabies were in the avengers... wow..
I feel like im in 2013 and i love it
God has joined
I feel my 6-7 year old self coming out again!!! I’m so glad you guys got back together to make vids
MMOOOOAAAARRR! please.
My childhood is back baby!
Play Hypixel bedwars
Clout
I miss Ross...
for those who like you are the best for those who dislike die in a fire
Smol-nos
epic
❤️
The og into 😢❤
You sound happy! Yaaaaay!
NOSTALGIAAAA
cops and robbers no way
MY CHILDHOOD
MY CHILDHOOD
This is like the second time they actually used a cafeteria...ya I've been here that long, what are you going to do about it
(Or was it 3)
IIITTS BAAAAAAAAACKKKKKKK
Let’s get him to 13 million subscribers
I do wanna say that the whole icon introduction in the mouse thing pointing everyone out is super unnecessary. I don't know why but it just bugs me a tiny bit. We can understand what's going on, even if it takes a little, especially if they have seen this kinda thing before.
Sky is back!
Yay!!!!!!!
#thebutterkingisback
I just watched a old vid an found out what happened in sky’s life feels bad man😦😢
Nostalgic
Child hood re made
:)
I’m gonna cry
I feel like a kid again
Sky Army
Cops and Robbers was my absolute favorite when I was little... If it wasn't for that series, I don't think I would have gotten into Minecraft. I wish you well on your treatment, Sky! ❤️
Nostalgia
my childhood just said hi
Holy cow! I've been waiting (how long since the last cops and robber?) Man remember when Jerome found that the  Creepers puff up and don't explode.
Sky made the army but Adam made the nation.
To all those eight people whom disliked this video shall die in the endgame
Omg it’s 2011
I see that going back to the old style seems to be making you way happier, good to see that. Also it’s cool to see that a lot of the old gangs back together
I must say... from being a dumb 7 year old on youtube and watching your first mod review, to when you announced quitting minecraft, having 3 channels and this one to now... its so weird but amazing that your name is now SkydoesEverything... as thanos once said "this does... put a smile on my face" i think that was a quotw from infinity war
Where is red
Hell yeah old school Sky
Can you do vids with ROSS 🤪 plz
Account
:)
my NOSTALGIA
I thought I was 10 years old again i-
Wow does this bring back memories or what
My childhood i mean im just a teen but still these were the days that would make my days a lot more better
Am I still watching Minecraft videos at 16? Yeah
He's baaaaaaaackkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
maybe minecraft is the cure to your deppression
Ahhhh NOSTALGIAAAAAAA
You could take the prison and turn it into a club! Something with the word "Ice" in it...
Is their spoilers in this vid
Was anyone a kid when sky started posting and come back as an adult
Sky is the reason I discovered and played minecraft, he is also one of the biggest reasons I left the game, now he might be the reason I wanna  buy it again for nostalgia sake 😂 My Childhoodd!!
It’s cool I get to see him making videos and seems to be happy
I don’t even care if I’m a teenager now I’m still watching this 😂😂
sees 12 dislikes on the video
“Welp, guess it’s time for 12 counts of murder”
I'm glad you're well enough to do this video! I missed this so much and I hope your treatment is doing well! Love you and your videos!
I dont know how long its been. I just know that when I was little, my dad would bring his laptop from work back home, and when he was in the gym from 7 to 9 he would sometimes let me use his laptop and i would watch your vids man. Now im 18, almost 19, cant belive im excited for a new cops and robbers video after all those years
This makes me happt
never thought I’d see the return...
Omg spoilers 😡😡
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA NO WAYYYYYY
So nostalgic
Oh no the memories.
2:35
A joke is good until you explain or repeat it, Adam,  you should know these things
BRING BACK THE OLD COPS AND ROBBERS MANNNNNNN
Sky is back and he's happy
Adam please play Diversity 3! It's such a good Minecraft map
lovely fact: APHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH--mau is pregnant with her 3rd child <3
Did I go back in time?
This is so nostalgic, and you sounded so much happier here than you did before. I really hope your treatment is going well, and I’m glad that you and your friends had fun recording this! Sky Army Recruit til I die <3
I just came back and god I missed sky so damn much, I’m glad he’s back
OMG MY XHILDHOOD JUST WALKED IN THE DOOR
Yryyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeeyeyyeyeye
Thox
I’m gay
My childhood
Than0x
Sky is playing Minecraft again?? How come I just found out ?!
i'll be honest, i am glad that there is still two other original "Crafted" people who still plays with sky, i mean i know Husky Mudkips became Doktor Q and all, but still. And unfortunately i know that minecraft will never be as big has it used to, but it had such a huge impact on my childhood hah. i was like 12 when i first watched sky, now i'm 18 lol, been so long.
Iraq
Im crying 😢
MY FUCKING CHILDHOOD AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
PLEASE PLAY TABS
I can’t be the only one who thinks it’s just like old times
Is... this? No. It can’t be.... A NEW COPS AND ROBBERS?
Ok weebs In the chat... this isn’t a reupload..

 Just saying :)
I was meant to go to bed but oh well 💜
Get Ross
mah childhood.... its coming back....
Hey Sky Happy to see you back in minecraft 
your gameplays are funny and make me laugh 
even on day like this where I feel Broken and Alone
thank you
Im so glad Adam came back to Minecraft. this was such a funny video!
👌👌😍😍😍👌😍👌👌😍😍💞💞💞😋😋😍👌😍😍💜💜💜 describes this video or at least how i felt
Where is ross
Im not crying someone is cutting onions. Adam I missed you so much.
Some people forget 
But not us
Thanlox.
is this 2013?
Ily adam you being back means alot to me stuffs been happening since back then
Where's Ross?
My childhood self is happy
Oh my god deja vu!!
Childhood.
11:04 is me cause I had kidney cancer and they had to take out my kidney
Where is face cam?!
Thanlox
Childhood has joined the chat
where’s husky😞
My childhood
T^T Wheeze
FEAR THE TINKY WINKIES!!
Thanlox
YES A COPS AND ROBBERS EPISODE YES!!!!!
Please change your name back to sky does Minecraft I beg
Hello Childhood my old friend
Thank you for everything Adam, it means a lot that your posting videos, I'm glad, you sound a lot better.
Is skylox coming back?!?!?!
This feels like I’m back in 2014!!
COPS AND ROBBEERRRSSSS          EEEEEEEEEHHHHH     WHO LIKE MINECRAFT,  WE ALLLLLL LIKE MINECRAFT
If they don’t even make a joke about thanus I’m suing marvel
Adam i hope you red Ross Barney and Jess are still friends a sky industries reunion would be awesome
Wait is this 2014?????
This Legit made me cry a lil bit.  Skydoesminecraft was my childhood and now to see him doing cops and robbers honestly makes me so happy! I know Sky will probably never see my comment but if he does I just want to thank him for giving me a childhood I can remember.  You will always be #1 in my heart!
Skydoesminecraft is in Endgame, sorry for spoilers
omg your back!! my childhood is totally flipping the flippity out right now I’m so happy!
The boys are back and so is Minecraft I’m ready
everyone came for the nostalgia, didn't you all
Iron man dies
Holy crap this is exactly like your old videos and you seem more excited, loose, funny, and all over the place like the Adam I know and love I hope the rest of your videos are exactly like this and if you don't make more cops and robbers I will find your location and nibble on your intestines.
Wow what has happened to the sky i remembered. The first video I watched about sky was one with him smoking and talking about his divorce😞😞😫what happened to sky: rip skydoesminecraft
My god it feels like I’m back in 2013
I have been watching sky for about 6 years now and I think that this video is very different then sky’s other cops and robbers videos then I noticed something. No Ross, no Max and no Barney. It came to my attention a long while back that Max and Sky were splitting up and no longer friends. But where do Barney and Ross stand on this?
my childhood
Hey sky I’m HowToBasic
Only Og fans remember this




Butter
THAY'RE BACK!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
Adam, you probably won't find this, but I cant express how happy I am that you're back. <3
meIN chiLdhOod
Oh my God he did it but I prefer the whole gang
YES
Where’d facecam go!?!?
Every Time Adam uploads more Minecraft video's I Almost Begin to cry. Almost every person That did Minecraft before big youtubers like Crainer Ssundee, and name a lot of others became click baiting and making nothing BUT fortnight video's completely Forgetting the Community they Grew so popular from an Abusing that Community's popularity to only boost there views in the long run... I know People in the youtube Career need to make money an that's off views some how.... But the way they left the Minecraft community they created of there channels was down right Stingy and heartless. The stuff adam has done for this community after all he has gone through with the community of this game an people. . .  well.... lets just say if he isn't a prime Example of a Person that truly cares about there Viewers an the Community they grew from and around... then I don't know what does. 
Thank you Adam. You keep My child hood Alive! 
(Disclaimer I don't dislike any youtubers I mentioned rudely . I dislike there actions.)
I love how Adam is makin Minecraft videos now but he doesn't seem as i should say funny, loud, and the excitement and laugh at any stupid joke that his friend or he made but I love u Adam
What happened to brotato?
Childhood is coming back to me
y   e   e   t
i ate too much fried chicken and now my tummy hurts
Klub Ice coming back?
Am i the only who basically crapped my pants when i saw the "Sky Does Minecraft" logo
My inner 9 year old is crying rn
OMG AGAIN i love cops and Robert 😀😀😀😀😊😊😊☺☺😀😀😀😀😀❤❤❤❤💞💟👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍❤❤❤❤❤❤
watching these put the biggest smile on my face, thank you sky if you're reading this you and many others gave me a wonderful childhood and again thank you for the great memories
Minecraft is really back...
I have never been happier with YouTube by showing me this
Get ssundee back
Are these previously unposted or are they actually new
Oof
Suicide rate drops to 0
Wait sky happy makeing minecraft old into old video themed edits old friends 
Yay hes back! And hes happy
OMG it's been so long since a cops and robbers!😍😍
HOOPS!!! :')❤
OMG I MISSED COPS AND ROBBERS SO MUCH!!!
The intro!❤
It makes me so happy hearing Adam laugh and just having a good time with his bros💖 I’m so happy and proud of sky💗❤️💖💞😭
Sky we love you please don't leave us!!!!
“Now this, does put a smile on my face”
U should do Slendytubbies Cops N Robbers
It makes me so happy hearing Adam laugh and just having a good time with his bros💖 I’m so happy and proud of you sky💗❤️💖💞😭
The nostalgia
Boi these videos STILL FUNNY
YESSS HE LISTENED TO MY COMMENT LY SKY
Your awesome
Isn't this is old video but with new edits?


Love the vid Sky
I have missed thee Sky of Minecraft
😊😊😊
We need SSundee
minecraft > fortnite
Rumba is from Teletubbies
Mr. Agustus I don’t feel so good
Stefanno... no...
Omg yasss!!!! I miss the intro!!!!! Could you use face cam!!!! I miss your yellow and black back ground!!! Im so glad your ok now!!!!😍😘😘😘😀😀
SKYY I MISS THESE DO MORE WE LOVE YOU
Cops and Robbers RETURN
YES
HE FINALLY DID IT
Missed you my man!
I feel like deadloxs voice should always be bass boosted
Absolutely love this video. I’m sure you hear this a lot but, I think it’s amazing that even though your going through this rough patch you continue making amazing content that everyone loves. Your so inspiring and help other people get through their problems. Thank You! - From your recruit
I literally just went to it! (Its already out in Holland)
YESSS!!!
this seems like the old videos, im happy now
The old game cops and robbers
isnt this an old video?
WHAT, Ty doesn’t remember the cafeteria, remember that one episode when u were gonna eat TYSFOOT              #tysfoot.  Bring it baaaaaaack
AAAAA NOSTALGIA
The nostalgia hurts..
YESSSSS
yeeah letzz go adam
God good memories are coming back
Poop
And they are finally back. The legends are back :3
Love u bro
Plz make a do not laugh vid
I love the new formatting you're using and I love that you seem to be enjoying it more. Don't push yourself Adam, but keep up the work you enjoy.
Hey it's like you never left, the old cast is here too. I used to be a bacca (skin wise)
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS...a billon S's later...SSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Glade your back
Video doesnt load
Reeeeeeeeeeeeee
Hiiiiiii 😄😄😄😄😄😄 yay cops and robbers 😄😄😄😄
I never thought I would see this again
this is an old video
love it love it all
COPS AND ROBBERS!! YESSSSS
Missed these videos. Look after yourself, everyone.
Adam seem better I'm so happy
YESSSS
Sky when are you gonna make another song i loved your last one make another one please!
Is it just me or does the boat always get destroyed
Cops n robbers is back
Woot
Lol iron man kills thanos with a snap and dies and hulk revives everyone
Thanoslox
Me: seems legit
This is like...a dream come true omg
#TEAMCRAFTED!!!!!     BRING IT BAAAACK
I missed you man SO MUCH. I swear i will watch every single new video.
This brings me back😭😭
MY CHILDHOOD :O
I hope Adam tries out Hytale when it’s released
A cops and robbers video it been so long you upload a cops and robbers video😃😃😃😃😃😃
Now club ice is next😁
this is too much to handle
Good on ya man. Remember you don't need to fake it for us :3
Love love love love love ♥️🌹
The nestalgia from watching this video
FINALLY
Will ross ever come back
I missed cops and robbers
Yo.... my childhood ..... Yo
Skyarmy aghaghaghagh
I don’t know if people will see this, but seeing all the old creators coming back, or those who have been gone for months or years who finally post something is heart warming, and the nostalgia that comes with it is amazing. Sky/Adam, it’s wonderful to see you posting videos again. I remember the old times where Minecraft was in the simpler times before the combat update, where hunger game servers were plentiful, where Skype was the bridge between communication of friends, and waking up as a little kid to see Minecraft videos on channels like yours, Jerome’s, Captainsparkelz, Mitch’s, Ashlee Marie, and others brought countless hours of summer so much entertainment. Thank you for so much joy and entertainment and keep up the good work.
It's like I'm a kid again...
Genuinely for as long as I can remember I've watched you and you're such an inspiration hope ya feeling better now, thanks a ton for just doing this and bringing back some good memories.
THE INTRO I am crying I miss you ADAM
When. Being chased say "u cant catch meeeeee. I never liked your sandwiches anyway.
Adam should change the intro to SkyDoseEverything
The new Minecraft content, I love it times 3000
Make more do not laugh!! i loved it so much!
Omg I love this so much
ThanosLox
I LOVE THAT
When I saw tewty destroying the ground all I could think about is when Jerome and Mitch built a house during that one cops and robbers... the memories
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
IM A KID AGAIN!!!!
Epic
Wowzers
Nice
aweeeeeeeee. blast from the past! 
since youre reviving the past again.
WHERES TEAM CRAFTED?
Is it 2013 again?
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE- (There were not enough E's in yes to express how happy and excited I am.)
do it with ssundee
Adam you don't need to censor yourself anymore since most of people who watched you when minecraft first blew up are old enough for adult comedy
Is this 2013?
It's good to see you playing with Deadlox and Jerome again
Omg Cops And Robbers!!! I missed these videos
This my first sky video in a while, and classic/old sky is back!
Yasssss back at it again 😂❤️
ADAM..


YES!!!!
is this reality
6:00 HiS cOnTeNttTTttt
inhales WEEWOOWOOOOO
its been so long!
This feels like my childhood again
This felt just like one of the old videos that I grew up watching. It's good to have you back Sky :)
THIS IS IT BOIS
When nostalgia kicks in
Avengers: bread game
Just like the old times
Twinkie inky angry 😂😂
Yayayayayyay😊❤😊❤😊
Is this 2013?
What would make all this better would this better is if Adam did a video with Ross, Max, Barney, Red, and Apppphhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-mau
“Hey guys I don’t feel so good”
Good to have you back, forget all the troubles, we all know what kind of person you are and we all love you
Just got back from seeing Endgame, and I’m honestly amazed by how well they managed to capture it in this video!
0:08 me when I'm mad. Heya Adam!  Love your videos and I hope things are working out well for you!
THANK U FOR COMING BACK TO COPS AND ROBBERS WE ALL LOVE U
Why is there an imposter of me?
OMFG YOU HERO, I MISSED THIS SO MUCH
Yes my favorite
Skycarft????? I think u should do it
we stan the office reference at 5:58
Literally the ad before the video was for Avengers toys
Bring my hoomie an editor
just curious what happened to TruMu?
Please bring back the brotato lol love the content!
TINKY WINKY MAD.
Slender Jerome is BaccaMan
:D
putting avengers in the title just to farm views
the nostalgia
The memories
He’s baaaaaack
Good morining or Good afternoon or Good evening. Early squad.
Omg yessss my childhood dreams are backk yessss love you Adam keep up with the good work
I watched this in middle school, I'm now a college junior and I missed this so much.  Glad to see that life's coming back to the good stuff.
Tinkie Winkie angry 
It's my all time favorite cops and robbers :3
TIIKIWIIKYANGRY
OMG THANK YOU
I’m so happy that sky sounds happier!!!
This vid was...                         






Rossum
PLAY RUST!!!!
Yess this is it!
Damn God has arrived.
Get thanosed whips and nae nae intensifies
Hey guys please subbsscriibe to my chanal I am gonna make eating video
You and ssundee should make up
Anyone remember old ssundee
Adam I said this on all your old videos and 2019 I'm back saying it again. Theres a lever in the kitchen used as a facet for the sink, take it and put it on the iron door in that same kitchen. Easy escape!
.
Is this 2013?
I'm happy
aweeeeeeeee. blast from the past! 
since youre reviving the past again.
WHERES TEAM CRAFTED?
I love this so freaking much! Thank you Adam, I hope your treatment is going well. Now all we need is an episode with Ross!
Oh my god. I can't believe it
You are the best man...
I love it so much keep up the good work
Love the video, just yeh to me, doesn’t feel the same :(
So funny, I love cops and robber. Its my favorite thing to watch.
Yesssss.  
It’s back
I am in tears 😭❤️
MY CHILDHOOD IS RETURNING TO ME
Now this? This is something I can get behind
It’s back.
Yeah a cops and robbers
The nostalgia feels good
7 year old me is back
Bring TrueMU
yeeet
Whate the mod called?
Adam do we really need the background music lol sorry I don’t want it to sound rude but I wanna be focused on u guys not the music
aweeeeeeeee. blast from the past! 
since youre reviving the past again.
WHERES TEAM CRAFTED?
Team Crafted Returns!
Omg the memories of watching you when I was a kid!!! I miss team crafted😂
Woooooo finally. Best videos were PikaSky and klub ïce. This was my most favorite thing next to adventure maps
Yeeeee dude I just got home
Im laughing already and its just the start
aaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH YEEEEEES COPS AND ROBBERS WAS MY SH*T BACK IN THE DAY
This whole time i was like, “What???”
back and 2012 and ok with it.
11 mil subs but only 3k views
My childhood has reached its endgame
What mod are they using to be tall and smol
So glad Adam is back!!!
Huh, neat
COPS AND ROBBERS WOOOOO!
Lmao
Memories
Hi
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BETTER DECISION TO NOT DO HOMEWORK AND GO ON YT AND WATCH THIS
So sky quit Minecraft basically and now he is mainly playing Minecraft hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
You guys should try that server for youtubers and streamers! I don't remember the name but a guy named CarsonLive played it!
Hey yo sky I’m loving this stuff but don’t push yourself into modding and getting into difficult stuff I don’t want you to go back to that state, no hate just wanna look out for yiu
Wow this really brings me back! I've missed this. Keep up the great work!
Ahahahawjkecdihmhilcwlfvfrgd flesls,s s yhrmpl your old 8ntrooooooooooo
THANOS DEADLOX 
THANOS DEADLOX
I live in Australia and it's 5  am my time  and I in bed
Good to see shy play  Minecraft again
Sleep schedule < Sky and nostalgia
5:58 haha office reference
my path to happiness has been found
Man glad to have cops n robbers once again
2014 Intensifies
I LOVE TINKY WINKY BUT PO IS BEST BOY
Ssundee,MU and others are missing :"v
my childhood is resurected
Sky,You should Reconnect With the gang!
You know,

Jess
Ross
Max
And everyone
 
I love when you guys are together!
I like
og
You what that mean???





The team will be back
Get SSundee even though you haven’t talked( I dont know just assuming)  I’d love to see it you guys are both my child hood.
This brings back such good memories... watermelon massacre...pokemon...molded cops and robbers such nostalgia...
Hey yo sky I’m loving this stuff but don’t push yourself into modding and getting into difficult stuff I don’t want you to go back to that state, no hate just take it slow if you have too
Yasssss this my favorite series of all time!!!!  Is back!!!!  💛💛💛💛💛
3 minutes ago HELL YEAH! WE IN THIS SKY ARMY!
OH MY GOD YES!! I AM SO GLAD THAT YOUR MAKING CONTENT YOUR HAPPY WITH! KEEP IT UP!
YES COPS AND ROBBERS IS BACK
Omg now its complete!
I love my childhood ❤️
Please make ty fix his mic
Yay saber
Boys we’re going back to childhood
I IS HERE.
Yeahhh 2011 yeahhh
I don’t think I’ve ever clicked on any notification so quickly, not even a text from my mum 😂
Owo
12:45 I sat through post credits. No rocket launcher :/
he protecc 
he attac
but most importantly
thanos is bacc
I knew this would come back one day..
2 views 30 likes 18 comments ok
52 give me a heart pls because today is my birthday
M Y   C H I L D H O O D.
No way the king is back
Love THE VIDS
Cops and Robbers, the nostalgia. It’s been years of tears.
COPS AND ROBBERS!!!!!! I LOVE THIS!!!!!
Been so long since cop and robbers
Yeessssss
Nobody 







TINKY WINKY ANGRYYYY
The nostalgia this gives me tho
My childhood is restored
Finally
Butter
.o.
I know you get this a lot I’m not gonna rant how much you help my mental status but I just need you to know I appreciate you
Oh my Lord  Y E S
Yay he brought cops n robbers back!!!!!!
Nice vid Adam, it was funny 😂
Notification squad
he did it....yeeessssss
I'm crying
Be Cookie Monster in your next video
YouTube is drunk
Yes
Oh my god
<3
OMG IM 10 AGAAIIIIINNNN
Today's skydoesmc should put a lot of work to be like old skydoesmc
Not first but I'm definitely a human
what is this? 2012 or what?
Can we nass report people who spoil the movie
Haven't heard you laugh in so long! Glad to see you happy again!
"Aaaand... Jerome is still a furry" - My twin sister
He sounding much better

No forcing please, Adam. ^^
This actually almost made me cry. He genuinely sounds interested and like he wants to do this. This brings back Hella good memories
I'm glad sky is happy in this video I haven't heard him act like this in so long, SKYARMY IS RETURNING
He actually sounded really interested and happy this vid, gg
-Adams Laugh
-Old Intro
-Old Friends
-The old Edit
all that's missing is the mic <3
Childhood memories <3
Player uses play button!
Video uses Nostalgia!
Super effective!
Next vid: Team crafted Cops and robbers
It’s great to hear you laugh and not sound so depressive, it’s great that he has help!
The things that made me smile;
-The Old Intro
-Hearing Adam’s Laugh
-Seeing Minecraft from a quality Youtuber/Artist again
-Feeling Adam being genuine
-Old Pals
and of course

-Everything from  to 
He actually sounds like he’s enjoying himself this time. Im happy for him
WHY DO I LAUGH SO LOUD WHEN IT COMES TO ADAM THIS IS BAD 
Also at 9:24 me when it comes to school 🤣
anyone realise hes the only hero from DC..?
Marvel:spider-man
Dc: batman
Bruh I've been here for 5 years- that intro with is still great XD
He still sounds depressed, but Adam is getting better and I'm glad to say I'm apart if the sky army, love u Adam u rich man
"WE KILLED DEADLOX!"
Adam: aww look at the puppies
LOL JEROME MADE THE SERVER CRASH PS i love your videos
FINALLY MY FAV SERIES IS BACK!! :D
Love you Adam.








And your minecraft videos
THE INTRO OH MYGOD THE NOSTALGIA!
Are these re uploads or what I’m so confused
The notification bell has been on since... 2015? Ishhhhh, it was a while ago I can’t remember
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSSS BAAAAAAACCKKKKKKKKKK (And im late ;D)
adam: no no no no*sees Jerome* NO!!

jerome:HEY ADAMS IN THERE!!! 

adam: NO! NO!



adam: its like a horror movie!

jerome: KNOCK, KNOCK ADAM!!! KNOCK KNOCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

adam:noooooooooooooooooooo! 



adam: stay back! stay back!

jerome: adam im knocking this door down!



adam* uh ugh!!!*fake scream*

jerome: ahhhh!!!!!!!!!!!

adam:*falls* ah...

jerome:ADAM NO!!!!!!!!


(im sorry this is the last one and sorry its long)
We still love you Adam! It's been a while and we miss you so much! Please don't pressure or stress yourself we are still here for you! 💛
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS! Thank you so much for uploading
I'm so happy rn!!!!! You finally uploaded a hide and seek.
Dude im glad youre slowly getting back to being your happy old self. Love your vids man! Keep it up 😊😊
I still can't believe your back, Adam! Keep up the good work!
Wait one of the guys sounds like Galaxy Steve from The Steve saga on FabremySabre
This is amazing,it's great to hear him laugh again. We missed you Adam, glad to have you back
ENDGAME SPOILERS







there is none ;)
Seeing Adam slowly become more energetic is very uplifting, hopefully he’s getting better 💕
At the same time, push yourself on the behalf of others if it’s too strenuous.
You sound so happy we are so happy WE LOVE YOU!!!! 😍
We have are old sky back it’s been 5 years🤪🤪
just saying




I’m a skyarmy again and skylox still lives 



ADAM MAH MAN WELCOME BACK
Just watched this vid, and you sound a lot better Adam! So proud of you, keep it up, we love ya, dude.
sky/adam is having a good mood in this video, i'm very happy for him😊😊
I can't put in words how happy this made me...😭😭 If you're happy were happy❤❤
You are my favorite super hero 

(:
6:49 Oh hey look Teachers is back
I'm so happy you're back you have no idea how much we all needed to know you're alright lots of loves from Texas ❤️❤️
Haven’t watched it yet but it looks amazing
Hey adam, hope your doing good bro. Keep doing the tings you like to do! Been watching since some of your first vids. Keep up the great content
everyone chooses Marvel characters
Adam:Yea, yea marvel for sure
Me watching at first:ah the good ol days but who are those guys besides jerome and deadlox
Me looking at the description:Wait what released this year?????
Captain can’t fly...


But he can work Thor’s hammer
The Banter, the Banter and nostalgia! Loving this, keep up the brilliant work! 😀
WAIT HES BACK!?!?! Ifufhsusicjskvsoabrkesyosvudbswtushfhhrgeb ADAM I MISSED YOU SOOO MUCH!!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
0:48 seconds in the vid and I see a pony sky...IM GONNA ENJOY THIS
MY HERO IS BACK I MISSED YOU IM LITERALLY SO HAPPY RN AHHHHH❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Deadlox & Jerome?? Omg it’s been so long since I’ve watched videos w them in it
AHHHH I AM SO HAPPY specially the intro seeing you and deadlox play again plus chubacaah omgush I am happy and I’m happy for u 😭🤣💖💞

Support forever 💞
I'm crying .. this brings childhood. I'm glad your back sky😊
I SCREAMED WHEN I SAW THE OLD SKY INTRO!!! I'M SO HAPPY!!!!!! LOVE YOU ADAM!!! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Did anyone think this was a video he made years ago. Because YEEESSSSSSSS! OUR LORD AND SAVIOR ADAM HAS COME TO EMBELLISH HIS LAUGHTER AND SPIRIT TO THE VIEWERS!
Will GMOD videos ever come back? I really REALLY REALLY enjoyed those
My favourite?

Loki(anti-hero???iluvhimidec)
Peter Parker(sppoooderboyyyyy)
Pietro Maximoff(betudidntseethatcomin)
ScottLang(uwutinyboi)

I love everyone but these are my absolute favourites!!!
Spams Notifications bell YOU ARE THE BEST AND I SHALL WATCH IT ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Adam is the one and only YouTuber that I actually never ever stop watching. Idk what I’d do without him tbh
Deadlox, what a throwback. Miss the facecam.
To think I started watching him and the crew almost 10years ago. It's amazing to see you back man!
Luv ur content adam, and love evrythjng about your content👌🎉🔥🙃🤟
It's great to hear you so happy again! Also I remember Deadlox from way back when! Good to see you hanging out with your old friends and being genuinely happy :)
"Knock knock Adam!"- Jerome 2019
whats the mods they used? would be interesting to use them one day lol.
also, I agree with "CHALLENGE ME NEO" 
those things made me smile too...so nice to see Sky doing things again, but also his laugh...so great.
Squirrel girl best hero

Nice to see you getting back to enjoying yourself again
I killed black panther...

yoU JuSt DoOmEd WaKaNDa!

This has to be my favorite part
Hearing you laugh again makes me feel so damn happy. Glad you're back Sky.
Just be Ant-Man and keep hiding in Thanos' butt
No one will ever find you there
I dont remember how old i was when i started watching you. 11? 12? Idk but im currently 16 and I had so much nostalgia watching that intro. Im glad you're back Adam💛
 Edit: Jerome😍
Why do y'all watch him, he's subscribed to T-Series



Yes
I can safely say on the behalf of the planet....
it's good to have you back, it truly is
Welcome back Adam

Will you ever bring back Ross and Mithzan and Barney
End of avengers 




Start of a new Sky





And the revival of the Skyarmy
gets ear raped I the first 2 seconds
(҂⌣̀_⌣́)
I'm really excited for Adam, he sounds so much more hyped up!!!
Awsome fade at the beginning.
Also hope your health is good and love ya
Sooo...when is the collab with Aphmau aka Jess comeing ??😏😂
He sounds so much happier in this video! I love hearing him laugh, it's felt like it's been forever since he had laughed like that! 😁
LazarBeam Vs SkydoesMinecraft


Like Sky

Comment Lazar
I GOT SO HAPPY SEEING THAT INTRO ONCE AGAIN!! and even more happy knowing your happy and laughing again Adam!! Love ya.
12:25 shush you can hear foot prints 😂
I remember the days when i was watching sky in 2011 and its 2019, what a legend and i am so glad the SKY ARMY is back and active.  Keep up the great work and know that the army stands strong ;D
Everyone: Picks a marvel hero
Sky: PICK SUPERMAN
Jerome: [starts counting]

Adam: nYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMM--
Hearing Adam actually laugh just makes my day 10000x better
You sounded more happy this video, Adam. Glad to see the counselling is paying off
"he can hear footprints"
The crew is slowly coming back together
Hearing Adam laugh.. God this fills me with so much joy ♡
...did he..be...happy...






MY LIL' BOI IS GROWING UP ; v ;
My favorite superhero is Thanos. He brought balance to the universe
....
Oh wait
Bro iv been watching you on my old loptop from 6 years
"WE BACK YALL" This video made me cry I missed this so much. We also got the original intro. My heart.
I'm so happy that you're feeling happy again, Adam. We all missed you and your psychotic laugh! ❤
I’m literally going to cry from nostalgia. Mah favorite boys are back...;u;
I got a question about his name and the old intro they don’t mix so sky/Adam can u fix that please and thanks for making me smile:D
OLD INTRO!!!!!! YASSSSSS
Also pls do another Do Not Laugh with Ross, Max, and Barney?
The scream from sky at the beginning 
Make me fell nostalgias
Iron Man. Great to have you back Adam, I've missed you and so have my friends
"I'm with everybody!"

Me: Mad Max and Ross-The-Narwhal-That's-Now-A-Squirrel?  ;-;
an actual good youtuber who plays minecraft and not fortnite
I actually got an Endgame ad before this
raises hand Prof. Adam, I think I broke my notification bell, it's in pieces on the ground.
Om goodness my dreams came true!!!!! (happy noise)
i actually loved to watch you like 5 yrs ago, you have changed but still.
That thumbnail


The BUTTER king is back
It's been so long since we've heard you genuinely happy Sky. Good to have you back. Been here since 2012 💪💪
Omg I didn't know you were back until my friend told me! I'm so glad you are!!! 😊
You can feel how happy he truly is in this video. I feel blessed for witnessing his recovery. Stay strong Adam, you got this
I don't know if people knowtist that. Faze Banks intro song. In the beginning of the video😂😂
The intro...the intro,brings a tear into my eyes
OMG YOUTR LAUGH AND HAPPY VOICE. I'm so happy RN I cant esplain it.
Your healing a hole inside my heart
This is what I miss
Thank you sky
My favorite super hero is.....
Can you reupload the Project Happiness?
Im so happy hes more livley its so much more interesting to watch!
The only other things that would make it better would be if he had a better mic or just increased his volume, also adding a facecam would be amaing too!
WHAT IS THIS 
A BLAST FROM THE PAST
OMG 
I LOVE THIS 
MY BOYS
MY GOOD BEAUTIFUL BOYS 😭
My childhood idol returned!!! so glad to hear sky happy again fortnite kids won't ever know.
Hey sky! i'm so glad you're still here with minecraft... i still remember that intro and You loving gold or Butter/budder and hating squids! thanks for sticking with us
My favourite super hero is the chainsaw bandito from that one do not laugh video 😋
I think I speak for everyone when I say I think we need some long awaited Do Not Laugh with Ross, Red, Barney, and Max. Great vid tho!!
Dude I missed you so much on Minecraft I have been here for SO LONG and that intro is still dope as hell
I'm so happy this came out! I miss these! Who's with me?
I love the Winter Soldier ❄️⭐️ 
😍🥰😍🥰
omg it's been so long since I saw this intro
I love how he opened up with him laughing. I’m glad you back Adam :-)
I loved this video, Adam my buddy, please do another
P.s. I love your laugh
I’m sooo happy to see sky and deadlox playing :))))
SKY IM SO HYPED FOR END GAME IM GONNA SEE IT WITH MY FAMILY ON SUNDAY I CANT WAIT!! What are you looking forward to if you watch it??
I’m so glad to see your happy playing this game again.
Editing is really fun too. 
#Skyto15Million
DUN DUN DUN DUN DUUUUUUN LOVE THAT INTRO!!!!!
Omg I used to watch u all the time when I was like 6 u used to be my fav YouTuber I tried to play Mc all the time just like you
12 likes, *no views*. Ah yes YouTube works fine
That thumbnail is lit 
Also you sound more hyped than the last few vids yay
OMG team crafted plz get ssundee


edit: jerome has the POWER OF BETTY   like if u remember that
There's the Sky I grew up with! In all seriousness, it's great to see you laughing, I know it might be momentarily but, I'm sure every laugh helps!
I will click the notification bell if u play with House_Owner
I'm so happy you're getting yourself together!! It's amazing to see you laughing and having a great time!!
Longhorn Donghorn. Yup. That's it. It's canon!
KNOCK KNOCK, ADAM! 

Best part 😂😂
U know whats da best hero for u adam?








Buttman (Batman)
I like Dr strange but my fav is Loki I don't care if he's a villain
IM GONG YO CRYYYYY, I MISSED YOU SOO MUUUUUCH
Hey Adam when are you gonna reupload the rest of ur vids in Sky Vs Gaming
Both DanTDM AND SKY are playing Minecraft again.
We’ve stepped into a Time Portal.
the moment sky laughed in the beginning.....happy for you man
I am unbelievably happy to see him being his energetic self.
He still plays Minecraft 😂❤
*hears scream at the first few seconds*


*likes*
so happy for u for getting back into minecraft again I've watched u since i was first on youtube and still am at 13
I'm just waiting for a video where he says YOUTUBE SENSATION REDVACTOR
This is awesome! Keep up the work, man.
Recovery is never easy. Once you've been at ur deepest ur never the same. But at the same time ur also enlightened. Enlightened bc u feel more appreciative of being happy than u did before. Keep doing things that make u happy man I'm truly proud.
Really good editing, happy Adam, everything is just right
Oh man this takes me back pretty far. Wow nostalgia. He sounds so much more at home (cue cliche violin)
I melted when he sounded so happy this video <3
Hearing those screams remind me of the good ol days
Welcome back Adam 😄I hope ur doing well
I will always be a part of the sky army It started at as a basic ass survival to the end world and look at it now... good times x3
Sees Skydoesminecraft intro

Oh my god he’s back
I’ve been in love with Adam since I was like 8😭😭
Been here since the first jump map!! Love you Adam!!!!!!!!
I see that and the older intro i thunk about the parkour maps ;-; nostalgia
IS THAT DEADLOX SAMA SAN CHAN KUN?
My childhood has returned! And my favorite superhero is either Spider-Man or iron man
Tempest from DC comics his "real" name is Garth
On behalf of everyone here I would love to say.

WELCOME BACK HOME! 

We have all been wait quite a long time for your return and I'm glad that I'm here to see it!
Thank you for keeping me entertained since 2012 :) 💛
He's get back into it and at his own pace thats good and ur actually laughing I'm have a flashback but I'm happy for u
Keep it up Adam your doing great👍😁
Is this the Endgame spoiler?
Omg this is the first video of yours I've watched in forever and I swear when the intro started I audibly inhaled.
Classic Adam, breaking the map
FINALLY SOME QUALITY CONTENT!!!
What about that happiness!you sound like your getting better!!keep pushing it!
This was on my birthday :) thanks for the nostalgic birthday Adam❤️
I cried because i watched you sky sense I was like 6 and I remember when I had depression and I would forget those feelings and feel happiness when I watched your vids. Thank you for helping me through those times and welcome back ❤️😭😭
THE OLD INTRO! OMG I CANt mY hEArt
How can daredevil see when  hes blind??!??!

Also I missed your laugh so much 😂😂❤
He’s back my favorite YouTubed I’m so happy
Am i the only one that cried because of the intro
My god, my hero is back ;-;
Everybody in one videos..







Im crying
this whole video just made me have a big grin
Seeing you all playing again just gives me such nostalgia it hurts my heart
Should change his name to 'sky reuploads things'
JEROME!! 😂
Omg I’m so happy seeing this again omg love it
Yay I've been waiting for this lol I'm 15 btw and still watch u and probably always will u we're and still are my childhood Sincerely- David McClellan
I am so glad you are back Adam, you got me through some difficult stuff my guy, thank you.
I love ya Adam glad ya back still
I totally forgot that Deadl0x was a thing. He was one of my favorites! How could I!?
that like-to-dislike ratio tho
HE'S BACK!? I just came back to rewatch some do not laugh, and HE'S BACK...
DEADLOXX IS BAAAACK AND SKY IS ACTUALLY HAPPY IN THIS VIIID YESSSSS
sees that ty is in the video
me in my head: awe yeh skylox is back
sorry not sorry
I'm happy because sky is happy, glad your back
Captain America is THICC!
The intro GIVES ME CHILLS
My favourite is iron man (tony stark)
Glad to see he's happy again
Just like the old days
Please bring back jailbreak
One of the my favorite channels finally posts something that sounds like hes having fun on my birthday. Thanks Sky.
The old intro really brings back memoried in the old days
OMG FAVREMYSABRE!!
hes back and im no cap crying
The gang is back
I’m the 43rd comment. hello notification squad! 👋
Sky finish dragon Ball xenoverse 2 plz
NEED MORE...…….I NEED MORE 
TOO PERFECT
I haven’t heard you laugh in so long miss you man
You have nO IDEA HOW HAPPY I AM HES BACK WITH MINECRAFT
Jerome and Sky back? Deadlox? Nani? How much have I missed geez
Back after 5 years, i love u sky😭
As long as Adams happy, that's what matters! Life WILL get better! Maybe not now, or tomorrow, or years from now. But it will.
That intro was amazing-
;^; my friend still don't believe me when I told him you play MC still rip
I mf missed this, Thank you for coming back!
Omg I haven't seen you play Minecraft hide and seek videos  besides the old one's 😂
Waiting for him to collab with aphmau again jordan too
yo Adam keep up the good work buddy
now this, does bring a smile to my face
You could just FEEL the instant regret Adam felt when he shot the lasers in his hiding spot and set the tower on fire lmao 😂
I'm so happy I decided to look up "SkyDoesMinecraft" again after a long time. I had no idea you were back! I really missed your videos!!
I loved this vid 
Also notice me pls
Muh boy Adam he’s happy again yes I needed to hear that laugh again
Yoo first view and like 🔥 and that good ol intro
When I first watched your videos till you retired I was like "Who's the guy with the funny voice?"
Watching this just brings so much nostalgia of when I was 8, going onto YouTube, watching so many of Adam's videos, and enjoying every minute

Now i'm in high school and doing the same thing. Somethings never change I guess!
0:49 I always thought that adam would’ve been an earth pony or an alicorn but hey, pegasus is fine too XD
I'm so happy to hear you laughing sky I hope you're getting the help you need keep strong for the butter Army
WAIT IM CONFUSED IS THIS A NEW NEW VIDEO OR A RE UPLOAD
Been Subbed since 2010 -2019 and forever .
I miss this kind of content 💕💕
When u put notifacations but get none😭😭
You should do cops and robbers again
I really love how Sky is having fun on the intro especially the laugh for some reason his laugh became cute
Keep working at it, love seeing you working to be happy again
Who else likes these lower quality, unedited versions of sky better than 2017 sky or 2016 sky
Any updates on when all the sky vs gaming stuff will be re uploaded?
U are a REAL hero and dont let anybody make u think anything other
You sound back like yourself love you man
All the heros have a special place in my heart, but some of my top ones have to be Scarlet Witch, Black Panther and Dr.Strange!😏
Btw it's good to see you happy again Adam!!😃👍
Feels good to see sky just play with his friends again
Can you play TABS?
(totally accurate battle simulator)
Leave like if you want him to play TABS
Dude Adam im extremely happy to hear you be happy! Its been so long and im so glad to see you happy!
Jesus has laughing... I'm so happy.. in his last video he didnt sound like he was happy but now.. I'm just happy 4 him
it's been Ages , Having Sky Does in my Recommendations made my day (married life song plays)
Plz do cops and robbers again, I loved those
@skydoeseverything is it fine if I suggest a game you and the others should play?
You should play with Shelby again! Like the old times!
i thought i saw truemu in the thumbnail.. i guess not :c , glad ur back adam!
the little intro made me cry, hearing the song and the budder colliding
Play with aphmau again (idk if I spelled her name right)
more minecraft surival with antvenom pls :(
It's been so long hearing laughing like that i am so happy ;v;
I'm so happy your back Adam!!! I haven't heard u laught in so long i miss it. I hope that you get back to the point with you face cam so we can all see you. Take your time
0:00 start off with #HeresFLUFFY!
I remember every old video, from Mod Showcases to Mod Survivals to the first Cops & Robbers, going to more stuff. I loved it and now it's finally back. 

--------------------------------------

I can hear everything that makes me laugh:
Jokes
Adam laughing his ass off.
The Intro.
Seeing an actual Minecraft youtuber that shows quality and dominance against others.
Some old pals.
--------------------------------------
Thank you! And I actually wanted to recommend something to you for a series.
How about a Hexxit Modded Survival with Jerome and Deadlox?
That'd be nice. Take it into consideration or something.
---------------------------------------
Thank you...
Can You Guys Pls do a cops and robbers i miss those i started re-watching the old ones💗
I am happy that is sky he sound so excited and so interested in it sky I'm glad that you're happy again I'm glad you're getting better thank you for all our laughs and by the way sky is my favorite super hero
I missed Sky and Deadlox so much. I'm so happy the gang's back together.                              ❤️❤️❤️
THIS IS BACK!!!!!
I get notifications for videos I've already watched
play with ross, barney, max, and redvactor again!!
Now all we need is a Team Crafted reunion
It's great to hear Adam happy again 😄😄😄
Ben 10 is my favorite super hero.
Adam’s laugh continues to make me happier with every video.
We missed you, Adam <3
I am so happy that you sound so much happier since your first video!
Welcome back to the Minecraft Army,  the Skyarmy shall rise again!
It’s so good to see the old Adam back! Good to see you again bro!
This feels so good to watch again 😭
Daredevil cant see through walls he can hear through them lmao
Its really nice to hear you laugh Adam!😄 But don't force yourself, ok? Make this something that you enjoy! Also, my favorite superhero is Spider-man(Tom Holland version)!!
The real icon of Minecraft community is back.. I need to cry
honestly i’m so happy that you are making constant videos again. it warms my heart that you are happy
I'm happy to see sky laughing and having fun
I haven't seen or heard your voice in so..so..long
Sky, Deadlox, and Jerome are together once again?? :O
SKYLOX IS BACK!!
Favourite minecraft-er for sure...
;-; you sound so happy. And you... you’re playing Minecraft!!! Oh my god :’) I love that and I absolutely love you!!!! This is wonderful!!!
My fav super hero is you Adam 0^0
OMG! I remember the Good old days with TeamCrafted! This brings back good memories ;)
Summer o 2012 flashbacks
Love you I use to watch you when I was younger and then saw that you quit minecraft and deleted the videos came back and now there are new minecraft videos so happy love you keep it up
You should play with brotato again loved watching you guys!
That's crazy that there will be the kings of MC💀 like a bunch of prodigies
CallMeCarson SMP this would be an amazing thing
YES I love you sky ;-;
Bro I miss you it's been so long
Bruh I’ve waited so long for him to sound happy again
My volume was maxed and I got scared when the video started lol
When he brought back the intro i freaked. I just watched New World again earlier
As our younger YouTubers from the past reunite once qgain
I missed that old intro so much
favremysabre dies in infinity war
YOU JUST DOOMED WAKANDA
sky:aw look at this cute little puppy
Jerome's old nickname, Fluffy
Seeing this brings me back to those old days when I would come home, tired, from school and I would do my homework and the I would pull out my laptop and watch these videos. Seeing Adam back with his friends makes me so happy. I'm truly happy in this moment.
Change your name to sky does weed in honor of 4/20
OMG THE OG ARE BACK IN ACTION!
This felt like a big leap towards the old sky.. thanks
OMG YOU SOUND HAPPIER AND THAT MAKES ALL OF US HAPPY
This feels WAY better!
+1 childhood regen
Wait sky still uploads, thought he stopped
Damn Adam's mc video instant throwback
This is our real sky, I'm so happy your back. I remember your first few videos with friends and this is him.
It’s been quiet a while since I’ve seen one of sky’s Minecraft videos this happy glad to have u back bud
ive been waiting for this.... NOSTALGIA has entered the chat
He so happy and and making minecraft hide and seek again




This makes me happy.
Do the dragon ball mod next
I just wish he had the editing like the good days
Ok, now the last person I want to see with Sky is...
I’m glad to see he’s slowly becoming his old self and all that trash of the past is leaving him I missed you Adam and so has many other people
BEND THE KNEE CALL YOU JON SNOW
Once I saw this I couldn't belive my eyes had to check upload date because I was so surprised
WE NEVER GOT MIDNIGHT 4!!! BRING TRY NOT TO LAUGH BACK
I loved the nostalgia but I miss home owner and the crew..... including aphhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhmau....... lol
Yo, today's my 19th birthday I started watching your vids on this day 6 years ago and you still make me laugh. Its great to see you back.
yo my boy sky uploading and no one told me?
Saw Jerome's side as well, it came months before this, but idc
The goat! My spirit animal! Nuuuuuuuuuuuuu! R.I.P goat. Wait he is the goat! Screeeeeeee
Sabre is Spidey....







2 of the best things combined 😂
omg sky is back i'm so nostalgic rn
Adam I would love to see you and Ross and your son play super smash Bros
My favorite superhero is Black Widow.
Team crafted is getting back to getter epic
Good 2 see u bro welcome back
Beware, Endgame spoilers are spreading through the internet
It's turning back to what it was but different it's like nothing that has happened before it's weird it's wrong it's a new beginning 😏
I find it funny that there’s only 1 DC characters and just 5 Avengers characters
GOAT!! Barney be shaking in his first booties
Adam/sky is my favorite hero, he brightens up my day in the worst moments, he is a down to heart nice guy I've never given up on, he tries to make everyone else happy before himself sometimes, I think I may have multiple personalities, he has always been there and is great, Adam is and always be one of my heroes
I longed to hear this intro again
Keep it up man ❤️
When I heard his voice happy, I instantly sprayed my gamer goo
For those that dont  know the song is Ark by Ship Wrek
i'm so happy to see you playing minecraft again after all this time. i've been watching since i was in middle school; during that time I was so excited to watch a video of yours every day when i got home.
(i also met my bf of almost 5 years now because we both liked your videos, and i'm very grateful for that.)

please make videos because you want to; your fans want you to be happy. don't force yourself for our sake.
hes playing with jerome again...that bring back so many old memories
i am glad to see the group back together as this is how i first started watching sky playing with deadlocks and the crew
WOAHHHHHH ITS WEIRD TO SEE THAT INTRO AGAIN
You should play with CaptainSparkles
Remember that episode of Blues Clues where Superman kills Blue?
SKY IS BACK! DEADLOX IS BACK! EVERYONE IS BACK!
Love you Adam glad your back
Wi wu wi wu wi wu
A legend is back...
How about, hide and seek with team crafted..
Its upsetting that sky cant break the 1mil views atm but hopefully in a couple months he will
LETSSSS GOOOOOOOOOO we are BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!
can u play with ross and everyone else some more cops and robbers would be amazing
I’m so glad your back man
Play this more and change your name again!!!
Okay I was shook when I saw this and checked the date like 7 times. ILYSM
My childhood is back!
Dude you should get new intro and outro
Post all of the sky vs gameing
YO INNER 9 YEAR OLD ME IS SOBBING RN HOLY CRAP IM SORRY IM SO LATE BUT I JUST REALISED UR BACK ON MINECRAFT AND IM SO HAPPY THANK YOU
YES THE OLD INTRO!!!!!!!
This is legit the one thing everyone’s been waiting for
Zanyone remember the breakfast brigade?... no only me
Hearing your laugh brings me joy 😃
Hi sky glad you back play with aphmu soon
The nostalgia is for real😂
Superman+infinity goblet= Thanos been replaced
Glad your back man!
I'm happy to see Sky back in the mood again
ohhh adam, that intro brought me back
I never know if these are re uploads or recent videos...
Now this energy is the Adam we know !!!
This is some hard trip down memory lane
Your my favorite Superman sky
Gasp!!!! OLD SET UP!
2011: no facecam
2019: no facecam
Adam saying thicc makes me live.
Ive missed your laughing in mindcraft video
* nostalgia intensifies *
Oh my God you sound so happy and up beat again. Thank God it feels like your properly back.
I`m happy your back 😗😃
I’m glad you’re laughing more, Adam!
I love Adam so much man. He's my childhood and to see him like this really makes my day a lot better.
I love this cause not only is sky coming back, but its even like lower quality nostalgia commentary. (i mean that in a good way)
Adam is still the man. I used to watch your mod showcases
Is sweating through your eyes normal?
i'm glad you're back, sky!
Good job sky/adam
I was literally watching your old hide and seeks earlier
He sounds so much better in this 😭
Thank God your back to Minecraft I stopped watching u after u stopped playing.
My favorite super hero is donkey Kong
I can't explain how much I missed u
I love this do more we support you!!!
I hit and I hit the notification bell; did I help?
Glad to see you so happy💜
If you're down, please make another Cops N' Robbers with most of the old gang. It was my favorite series by far :)
I just clicked on this by accident but damn, the nostalgia tho, once i found out that sky uploaded stuff again i almost cried
When i was a kid i always used to watch sky
He sounds so happy!
FINALLY!!!
Please move the HUD inwards for those of us trying to live our iPhone X fantasy
Y'all should get Ross back
I remember watching this guy when i was young lol. I was addicted to his parkour videos lmao
I so glad you came back from the dead
It fills me with joy to hear Adam laugh
Savor sounds like cavemanfilms
yes!!! years ago all over again!
So happy Adams back
The intro, so many memories
And also Screw those who dislike this f-ing video
(ft/ keyboard)
Yay. I missed the hide n seek mini games 😂
@Adam are you gonna come back with your music? Miss the music grind wished you could of released follow me
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
Wow... the old intro, I missed it.
Make. A video with aphmau
this is weird literally the past 3 hours before this vid was uploaded i was binging his old hide and seek.......I miss ross
YOO I JUS GOT SERIOUS NASTOLYGIA FROM THE FIRST 10 SECONDS
HE HAS P E R S O N A L I T Y
#switchCanBeABetterCoachThenShadicalSoLetMeBeYourCoach
the winter soilder #notavillan
I’m glad to see the classic intro and that Adam is enjoying Minecraft again
Please bring back skyvsgaming!
Back from the dead❤️
My favourite super hero is Elliot Rodgers
Please play with Ross, max and red again !!
I have one question doe were is aphmao???
Mama Mia! Nostalgia overload right here!
0:00 to 0:024 reference from the Shinning movie XD "Hhhhheeeerrrrrreeeeess Jerome!"
Yes i missed these vids!
Dude its like ive been shoved back to elementary
Ant man  is my fave super hero
adam sounded so into it and happy this time! :)
My favorite superhero is the flash on the cw
I'm legit crying from nostalgia
The old intro!!!
Comment my favorite hero 

Your my favorite hero sky
Man this really brings me back, I love this! Reminds me of the 2012-2015 days, man.
3:31 epic foreshadowing
Bro what is this editing tho
He’s back!!
YESSSsSSSSSdS !!!!
Sky seems so happy in this video! It made me smile through the entire thing.
Sky is so happy in this vid yay 💪🏾
Yo this is the first time since 2013 im watching him again. Still my fav youtuber. Yes his name use to be skydoesminecraft
MY GOD IS BACK 🙏🙏🙏
At least adam's voice is getting better in his vids
i can't tell if he's genuinely happy or just read all the comments
The gang is back together
Thank you for doing this
So much nostalgia
KNOCK KNOCK ADAM
love seeing you guys have fun again!
Sky I respect you like hell and I know it has been rough over the years but I just want to say that you have made many people have enjoyment in dark times like when I had depressed I was happy when watching you oh and I have been watching you since 2012
you should bring back do not laugh
I loved the old friends of sky but now I realise they have done nothing for him
A yes actual enthusiasm. These are getting better
It's nice to hear you loud and laughing again
Bring back ROOOOSSSSS!!!!! Please
Sanic is my favorite hero
If you think about it, deadlox has always been by Adam side. He's been here since the beginning almost
Knock knock Adam!
Who else was waiting for him to set the entire city on fire with his laser vision?
This makes me so happy just hearing him laugh is great.
I am soo glad you found the similar light i have been feeling for a nice year! I would of loved to see if there was a way to show people, but you would never know it unless you saw the light yourself.
OMG 7:20 barneys back to!!!
am gonna cry everyone is back
Sky I just watched a 5 min ad....I better get a dam heart
intro gave me nostalgia
who remembers the walking dead series ??
Can you please do Cops N Robbers
Been here for a good while and i love that tou are back
I had the end game trailer add when I click the video 😂
Glad to see you happy and with friends
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA IVE BEEN WAITING
You’re A Real OG If You Remember Butt Sagginton
OMG THE NOSTALGIA FROM THAT INTRO!
What if this was a really old video that he forgot to upload
Yes the pack attack
Yes im so happy to see this
Please make a video with jardon (captainsparklez)
aahhh the good ol' days
YAY HE NO LONGER SOUNDS DEPRESSED XD
Damn, its enough to make a grown man cry
"RetroDongHorn"
They must be using my criptonight shift😂😂😂😂
Good old intro and happy sky
It's like back in the old times.
OOHH THE NOSTOLGIA
This reminds me on the old days and sky you sound a lot happier and enthusiastic
Flash!!!!!!!!!!!!!💜💜💜💜💜💜
THE LEGEND IS BACK
# WE NEED ROSS BACK
You sound alot better hope everything is getting Better
YOOOOOOOOOO SUCH NOSTALGIA
Woah did I just take a nether portal back to 2010
I remember being so happy watching your videos as a good, just wanted to pass by and say that I may not enjoy your videos anymore but I do enjoy you being happy and you going back to doing Minecraft, you’re Minecraft’s golden boy & you can make the game shine again!
I wonder if Adam can still see faster. It’s a small question but a good one.
YOOOOO KLUB ICE CMON
THE ENERGY IS BACK!!!!!
It's nice to see that Adam is happy and laughing.
Thank you ..
Wait......







Superman isn't Marvel!
Level 1 Mafia Boss
welcome back!!!! 💞💞💞
Server reopening?
Adam what ever you do we will always love you
Awsome video Adam! Very funny 😂😂😂
Happiest he's seemed in a while actually
STOP OMG IM CRYING
Yo, seemed to actually enjoy this video
i missed this so much this is so nostalgic pleawse don't dip out again
It’s great to hear you happy again.
Adam can you use your songs as background music?
so much nostalgia...
Thank you for your return to Minecraft! I hope it brings you joy to play this game again. And ExplodingTnT did a REAL voice reveal video.
#SKYARMYFOREVER
I always watched his hide and seek videos back then growing up, i'm really happy he's back doing this.
Welcome back Adam!!
God damn this is so wholesome, it reminds me of 4th-5th grade again
I miss watching you play this game
This brings tears to my eyes
Please bring back face cam we would love to see you smile and laugh again
Woah it feels like the old days just looked back through my subs to see Adam playing and happy when I thought he would just be faking it, seems legit. Happy for you Adam and I think I'll be watching your videos more often
This brings back so many memories of when i was a youngin by just waching his videos again.
You should play modded cops and robbers.
Flash, Green lantern, and captain america are my favorite heroes!
I wonder what happened to the facecam
FAVORITE YOUTUBER EVER❤️❤️❤️
When they said they found a goat I thought they found Barney
Do the dbc mod by jingames
Like the good o'l days
He's....... He's back.... The saviour
I smiled so much when I clicked on this video. It hit me with so much nostalgia.
Omggg i loveeeeee i ron mannnnnnn
This made my day a bit better
YOURE BAAACK <3 <3
YESSS DADDY
It appears that, despite all odds, I've returned to watching grown men play minecraft on youtube.
I've been here for 4 years and I love you Adam
i really enjoy that
I hope that's a genuine laugh
Normal sky is back!!
Moreeeeee of theseeee
are these re uploads or new
Adam your back!   I grew up on your videos
Wait are these just old uploads ?
This reminds me of the good old days of minecraft
I've missed you
HELL YEAH!
My child hood revived in my teens
Meow meow ni&$@%
Wow I was just listening to NetNobody before watching this vid,  lol
MINECRAFT MAN IS BACK AWWWWWWWWWWWWW MAN
was that...a pony sky... 2013 level crap
Tyler as Brie Larson
damn i miss y'all tf
Bruh the sky pone cracks me up
actually Superman not Captain America
Sadly I joined the Sky Army at the same time as Ross, Mithzan and Barney etc. So this isn't as  nostalgic for me as it is for others. But the intro and hearing Adam's happier, louder, screechier voice was great 👌🏻👏🏻👏🏻
#Aquaman
Am I the only one who wants battle dome back??
This is the sky i know
Can you play with Mitch?
I'm so happy to see you laugh again.
my favorite superhero is probably darth plagueis the wise
BRUH MINIGAMES ARE BACK I STILL CANT GET OVER THE FACT THAT MY CHILDHOOD IS BEING RESURRECTED IM SHOOK
I thought he left...




He lied...
Happy to see you again!
What mod(s) provide the superhero abilities
SKY ARMY IS BACK
I started crying when I heard Adam laugh
In Garry’s mod if you die you instantly respond  as a seeker so yes but no at the same time
Pony sky yay old Adam is back I hope your getting better man by the way
WHERES THE GOLDDDDDD
Wait, why was there a bad General Zoi Pony Creator 3.0 Sky pony at 0:48?
Finally your back
I Used To Watch Him In 2013
Yasssssws
When Jerome was breaking in I was like that’s the old Adam
Pls do CrazyCraft
why are you playing minecraft again lol
#skyarmyrebirth
My favorite superhero has to be Ghost Rider. He's just so awesome, and his Penance Stare is such a cool concept. Sadly, it doesn't work on Thanos.
Team Crafted 2?
I thought you gave up minecraft
Plz bring back Ross, Barney and Red!
Yay nice to see your laughing alot
All he needs now is to sound like back then with the good mic and no echo
My favorite hero is Adam man
The happiness in this video hits you like a truck
5:49 TaKe HiS pAnTs OfF
IRON MAN FOR THE WIN
your other vids you dont seem interested, im happy you’re laughing in this one
And glad your happy and hope you see Ross
6:52 teacher game?
Its so great to hear him upbeat and happy, just hoping he’s not forcing it.
Adam! You sound so much happier
Feels like a classic in 2019.
Not to say that we don’t enjoy sky when he’s calm as well
9300 likes and 50 dislikes
They're Back!
I love an happy ending
Nostalgia 100
8:39 me in life
THE INTRO AHHHHHHHHHH
Are these re-uploaded videos?
Sky has a mlp Pony OC?
Who like Minecraft?
Former members of team crafted together
OMG THE OLD INTRO AND THE LAUGH BRINGS TEARRS TO MY EYES
Do more please
Any other superhero universe nerd catch that they mixed TWO DC heroes with FOUR Marvel heroes?! Who else is a lil triggered lol😆
Yo SKY!! CAN YOU JOIN  CALLMECARSON SERVER IN MINECRAFT!!
#tysfoot
evreytime i see you play i love it more and more
Hmmm no more minecraft he said
This. This is everything.
Groot is my favourite superhero.
My inner nine year old is SHOOK
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
Great video wish I knew the mods he used
Bruh i miss when he played with the full team crafted but i also wanna see him play with ross, jess, barney, red and mithzan again
It’s so nice to hear him laugh and be happy
This made me smile so much to a point where my face hurts
YAY SKY IS BACKKK!!!
YOURE BACK?!!! YAY FINALLY!!!!
Let’s bring butter back.
Bring Tyler back
WELL we haven't done this in a while
Im so happy to hear you be so happy Adam
Can you do a role play with someone again like the fallout one you did like this so he can see it
I love this content so much, not gonna lie.
I like Batman Batman is my favorite
OMG I MISS THIS
I knew he would come back thats why i stayed for 5 yrs now im 16 but idc
holy what!
I miss Ross
I saw this video and I heard Jerome and I started crying
Also I stoped watching Minecraft but when Adam came back I watched it again! So thanks for mY ChIld HOOd.
I’m crying in the best way possible
Yes Adam is back
my favorite super hero is spider man (ross time) also you  are my favorite youtuber. youve gotten me through tough times, thank you. i was my happiest when you came back
Can u play with Barney again and nice to see u makeing videos again
HE IS SO HAPPY NOW!!!! YEY!! Love the video Sky!!
Oh my god... 🙂
Glad to see ya back
Who else couldn’t watch him a long time ago because he cussed so much
The memories ☺️
I'm going to cry aaaahh😭😭😭😭
Why doesn’t superman have X-ray vision tho
Modded cops and robbers needs to make a comeback
My favorite superhero Pepto Bismol
0:48 Adam confirmed a Brony.
I want to see u play with captainsparklez, it would be amazing
Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
The laugh is back!!!!!
I love bacca man
That awesome thumbnail
i missed this. it made me sad how you guys left. but it makes me more sad now it’s not as it used to be.
I’ve waited years. But finally, another genuine laugh. Haven’t heard it since 2016 and I’m happy to hear it again!
I’m so happy that he seems so excited in this video!
Has anyone ever thought of what would happen if Superman farted?
mod showcase when
They should do cops and robbers again for old time sake.
Little Mac is da best
Aaaah I'm loving thissdss
I miss this
The nostalgia is insane.
Either ironman or Dr. Strange
I hope Adam reads these comments and see how much people love and support him❤
those 50 people who disliked his video for absolutely no reason
My favorite super hero is hulk :p
I am happy now
I miss this
who else though adam should be star lord?
Adam i am sooo O glad ur back on you tube again
I miss this
he is back
i miss ross
I like not feel so good mr iron man
At the end of the day, they're just a bunch of idiots having fun. We all are, at the end. Great to see you back, man!
Breadlox
I’m sad we don’t get the sky slamming his face onto the button like in old vids lol
Favorite hero: dust
I love this ❤️
My favorite superhero is captain America
Does deadpool count as a hero more of the time or a villain? My second is agent venom, but I prefer deadpool.
I am so happy. Why am I tearing up?
I'm crying tears if joy, first a do not laugh. Then pewds uploaded happy wheels and now Adam/Sky is posting hide and seek
Holy frick memories
This was rossome
Why isn’t Sabre the flash?
Oh my god I feel so unbelievably happy
I Miss Brotato
Adam are you going to unprivate your skyvsgaming videos those were some of my favorite videos
JEROMEEEE MY BOYYY YESSSS
I’m thory ¡_¡
I really want to see him play with rossy boy and aph
I love this
My favorite super hero is Thanos.
Wait I thought this was an old void gay it's new
Spider-Man is my favorite
AND HE IS BACK!!!
Is he part of the pack
Condinement man wait he’s a villain
Guysss i wanna do this wid my friends too but none of us know how to play with each other on a server or map.... Can anyone teach please
It’s good to have u back Adam I’m 14 and been watching u since I was 8 I’m happy to see u back with your og’s
He’s back
You still fwends with Jessica?
When is pirates coming back
This looks like an original video I’m so proud
Love it man
man the nostalgia
#Skylox
sky is back
this made me happy
My favorite super hero is Thanos
AHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGHHHHH YEES
so many endgame reference
I’m so happy to see this is back, but I wish he’d bring back Aphmau..
nobody 




Thanos
Am i the only one that noticed sky put a brony oc in one of the bleep cuts
HES HAPPY AGAIN
Just like the olden days
love it dude
Fk nostalgic
this be Minecraft
MISS U <3
I AM HAPPY
Oh gosh Nostalgiaaaa
spider-man is best boi
GEORGE FORMAN
Jerome posted this like a month ago
Love you m8
YAY! HES FINALLY LAUGHING AGAIN!!!!!!!!! SO GLAD TO SEE AND HEAR HIM LAUGH! IT WARMS MY HEART!
Yes  oh yes the old sky has comeback
You know you're on your period when a minecraft video makes you cry
Thor Marvel stormbreaker menr
I’m glad to see him so happy in this video.
This reminds me of the old sky
Good stuff
Took u long enough
Miss the good ole days
Hes back ?
In so happy to hear and see you laugh again! I hope your happy Adam!
The magic had returned
Making a comeback
What will happen if orgin steve show up
Bucky Barnes.
THE INTRO AHHHHHHHHHH this bring nostalgia.
he’s so happy in this video... i love it so much...
I’m a freshmen and when I was in 4 grade I would watch sky.
My childhood 😭😁
Wonder woman!!!!
Oh.... my gguuuhhddd
U go from dissing ksi to this again lmao
Why are Minecraft YouTubers channels are dyiinggg :(
Why is there a pony just why
Your back thank god
Prison escape?
Haven't watched Adam in years but started watching Captainsparklez again and clicked on this when I saw it in my recommended. I started welling up when the intro played and felt the nostalgia wash over me
Oh my gosh Adam actually sounds happy and laughing! Whatever you were actually feeling during the video, I hope you're feeling better and continue getting better! We love you Adam! We all wish you to get happier as each day passes! We're so glad you came back!
I’m honestly wondering if these videos that he’s posting now are just old videos from two years ago that were scratched ideas
where is aphmau
These videos make me happy
BRING BACK RED
Hit that like button with your nose!!!
He is back?
Ty???!!!
The nostalgia
The nostalgia
Our hero is back and actually sounds he is enjoying Minecraft.
Adam. What about an old fashion cops and robbers?
Do modded cops and robbers
Skydoes is Brony hell yes
Good to see you back Adam
YEEEEEE
My favorite hero is Adam
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK!!!!!
He sounds like hes forcing himself.
Oh man, during the minecraft videos before he stopped, they seemed so fake and artificial. It actually seems like they're enjoying this again and that makes the quality of these so much better.
This videos seems like you’re a lot more alive!
I loved it yes but... WHERES ROSS AND MAX?! It's not Minecraft videos without it.. but I'm happy you're doing these! It's quite funny!
Like 2014
I still miss ross
my favourite superhero is my dad because he always save me from a beating from my mum
THE NOSTALGIA
Doo more plz
forgot you existed for a while.
But were is MinecraftUniverse?
did anyone see the sky pony?
Adam is a brony. I like.
YOOOO YOUTUBE RECOMMENDATIONS DID GOOD
I like 14:07
Adam feels like my dad is that sad? He has been there always and I love him and his vids
Only legends will remember Herobrine's Mansion with Minecraft Universe.
I’m happy that you’re getting better, I’m fine with a few months breaks as long as you’re getting better
Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross Ross !!!!
Iron Man
i love you adam
Happ Sky is best Sky
My favourite superhero is my uncle and its been that way since i was 5



he has the biggest cock ive ever seen
Luv u sky
Epic
AAAAAH MY CHILDHOOD HEROES
I thought Adam didn’t do YouTube anymore. I am so happy. Subscribe
nostalgia has entered the chat
Play with bodil40 again
Batman and Venom and Iron Fist
Thank you
Superman + flash = superflash
I love you sky
Just like old time
One day his views will be over 5mil again
he's back
SABRE
Mario and sonic count ?
He’s back
Daddy Minecraft
Ross and max required
My favorite super hero is spider man
Nostalgia
Nostalgia
Inner child
Wat sabre must destroy origin steve
My favorite superhero is superflash
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON WHY AM I 16 AGAIN
Black panther
Adam sound better then he has in a while
Help Ian get back on the train
Havent watched it but im hoping ant-man goes up Thanos' butt to hide from him
Bring back minepranks
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EXCITED ADAM AGAIN
😁
Omg atlast a murder hide and seek
my favorite super hero is thanos
the one video with a goat,  and barney's not here
HERES FLUFFY
My favorite hero is you
U on weed again
The butter god is one of a kind so when i heard he is gone my butter sword was turn off but when the butter god sky came back the butter sword lit op on a spark that i have never seen before long live the butter god
Your baaaaackkkk
Pls do hunger games again
Goddamn, it feels like im in middle school again. Currently in college rn and noticed how much or a resurgence Minecraft is having. Glad to see that it'll last for a long while.
The shaders plz
7 year old me would be so happy 😭
Where is ironman
What's with the minecraft
Hey adam!! Still playing with minecraft mods eh? Well R.I.P me cause i play on mobile so i cant get any mods >=')
hey sky? I mean no offence to this but. Did you switch your videos to be lower quality?  I'm not saying its bad, I acualy prefer it like this
My favorite hero is ghost rider
Sabre
I guess he couldn’t find his newest intro or did u just not want it
I used to watch him in my tweens alot
Yay he's sounds happy
Sky army all the wayyyyy
Batman!
Sky has been through so much these last few years. And I haven't seen his videos since the 10th try not to laugh. Or even the whole team crafted stuff. I veered off to watch other people's videos and sometime occasionally I come back. I'm 16 yo and I remember sky's old survival series from machinima  and got upset when he only got to the point of getting an eye of ender and find the dungeon. I was around 9 or 10 idr. But seeing sky now makes me think about how old I've gotten and how not only my mind but my sense of humor. And also how much sky has changed. I hope he loves this series as much as i do because i stopped playing after 2015 and just recently got back into it
yeet
I still can’t believe that he’s back
I think sky should just play adventure maps with his friends
0:48 is sky a brony now?
Where’s truemu
:)
Good to see u r back in action Adam😌 ik you don't read my comments but I'm glad ur back can't wait until the next modded cops and robbers
Is this real
Captain America
Arachnids are insects that eat bugs
didnt this guy used to be on drugs?
Ross is my favorite super hero /    It’s noir Spider-Man
HyperPotion?
Awesome video adam
Wait is Sky really back making minecraft videos.
I forgot the bell sorry
Jesus is my favourite superhero
Happy Sky is best Sky
Can someone tell me where max red and Ross went
You should have destroyed the blocks in the floor on your side of the door.
Where is the Bodil!!!!!
Remember Adam if you do start losing interest don’t force yourself into anything.
Favorite superhero: Adam
My favorite super hero is the mighty BACON MAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Are you going to play with ross
"Many years ago, there was an army. A army like no other, the Sky army. No one came close to even being equal to this superior army. But one dark day the king abandoned his throne outta no where. The army was confused. More confused than when the pack split. The army was lost, Jerome fell off... As well as the others, but there was still hope. The last survivor of the pack Ssundee. He stayed true to his Minecraft army untill fortnite took over. Ssundee was quick to abandon the dying Minecraft game. With no one in the pack that was keeping minecraft alive, the king returned. Hopefully to bring the pack back. 
Damn budderss
Adam, I’m so glad you’re back! I know you’ve been going through a lot lately and hope you’re getting by at least. I’d really love an update about your old friends (max, Barney, Ross, Jess, etc.) It’d also be amazing to go back to gta v every now and again. I love what you do and hope you never stop! I’ve been watching you since I was 6 and hope your life falls back into place. I love you so much! -Isaac
Saber yeesssss
Adam sounds so happy and interested! Yay ^-^ I hope you aren't like acting or anything, I hope you're really happy!
where is ross?
Deadpool is my favorite
All u need now is Mitch
Nobody gonna mention the pony sky?
Its been 300 years
It feels like Sky has started to bounce back to his old self, from the editing to the whole vibe feeling like he's more happy to be doing this and enjoying it. Glad to see Adam is doing better and I've been a fan for a while now and it really feels like he has grown but is regaining his old attitude as in enjoying it all. Sorry for the repetition just wanted to throw that out there
I like that he's playing video games again but after he left lots of his fanbase left because he wasn't gonna upload anymore so getting everyone back is gonna be really hard to do
ROSS TIME
NAH BATMAN BETTER THAN SUPERMAN SNARL
Adam! Minecraft! My life is life!
The only good parts were 0:00 to 14:07
Hulk and the flash
i miss ssundee
i wanna give them a hug so bad
Ur views tho
Is Sky a brony?
Bring back Ross. Please
Its so hard to find servers that awesome minigames. Some are just boring
What mod is this?
I feel 9 years old again
HE BACC BOIS
My heart and my body got chills just watching ur vids i will never forget when I was watching u when I was 6 or 7 and I turned my computer off and right when I did my mom walked in and I unplugged my headphones and shut my computer my computer didn’t turn off right away and all I heard was “get the f**k away from me creeper!” And I got in trouble but I still watched ur videos and I love u and glad u came back to Minecraft I cried when u said u were gonna be making music and no more Minecraft I couldn’t even finish the video but I’m glad ur back and I had a smile on my face and it wouldn’t leave when u did ur intro i love u and never stop making Minecraft videos (no-homo)
Yes prison is back now hide and seek! MY CHILDHOOD IDOL IS BACK no I’m not joking he was my idol and the team crafted race was the first vid I saw from him and inspired me to buy Minecraft
*CRYING* SKY IS GOING MINECRAFT AGAIN
Thor
Thor
I just had a dream where Ross and Sky became friends again and they made a DO NOT LAUGH MINECRAFT, it was sad that it was a dream
Omg this is reminding me of the good old days! I hated it so much when your genuine laughter and jokes slowly turned into more of a company where you had to be fake to look happy.
My favorite superhero is Thanos
Yas
Whatever happened to munchin brotato?
i wish he gets average again
??
THANOS
Anyone else actually like the worse mic? It's more like the old vid's.
WE WANT ROOOOSSS
You say everyone is here but that’s not true Ross isn’t here, Barney, max, Shelby, Aphmau
next time, you guys should give Daredevil his grapnel/billy club.
Lol
I thought he quit! I just looked him up to look at old videos and I found out he makes videos again what!? Akwhowjwiwja
Skyteachesminecraft
Lesson 1: Are spiders arachnids or insects?!
Lesson 2: Superman can touch kryptonite?
Lesson 3: Dogs are blue and tiny
My favorite superhero is you sky
My childhood
If you have Thor’s hammer you need more karma. Just use /karma set and you need at least 201 karma
My favourite superhero is thanos
great video
I guess sky is back?
Who liked it when Sky said "If we get 2 likes i will do absolutely nothing but I'll upload another one of these videos"
Batman
Next video I’m expecting  Ross being in the video
I wonder can he get the whole squad back in a video




I just realized Minecraft Universe has not made a video in 2 years
Play cops vs robbers
the thirteen dislikes are squids
My favorite Superhero is Thor
y’all i’m  c r y i n g
Anyone else feel like they're back in 2012.
The Scarlett Spider
I hope Mason is doing alrighr.
My fav suderputin hero is SkythekidRobloxSecondchannel
My favorite super hero is Stan Lee, the true hereo of heroes. Just look at all the heroes he trained into who they are.
All might
Sky you should try superheroes unlimited mod it still 1.7.10 but it seems really good it comes out on the day of endgame
is those videos new or old?
Yo sky , can u please higher ur fov? I'm getting dizzy
Hi Sky I haven’t watched you in a bit by that I mean 6 or 5 years, but I’ve returned just to tell you that thank you for making me laugh and smile back then I really appreciated <3
What a fall from grace from making Diss tracks to minecraft
Marvel Superheroes, thens theres just Adam/Superman
What is this that they're using??
What week is it return to minecraft week?
where’s ross i miss him
pls convert ssundee back into liking minecraft
Hi Adam big fan and my favorite super hero is Spiderman
You’re a hero for exposing kids to Minecraft again, keep building a better future!
I’m not a sloth
yay
no, arachnids are a separate group from insects that's main role in the ecosystem is to make sure the insect population doesn't grow too large while getting tons of food in the process. they are basically the capitalists of nature, where they found a problem and they are fixing it while making a profit of sorts
Omg it’s sky does minecraft
play cops and robbers plz
My videos in 2023 years and 2024 years is real coming soon. Really why is coming soon. is not fair!!!
why is Adam Superman in a marvel hide and seek
Budder?
It’s almost like 2015 never ended
YÖS
Spider-Man is the best super hero ever!
Which mod is this? It looks SO fun!
My Favourite  Hero is Skydoesminecraft. He inspires people and children worldwide.
I love this it’s like when I was 13 and watching this back in 2013
Goat? dirts in barnynese
Skydoesminecraft is the best superhero
Spider Man is my all time favourite super hero
My favorite superhero is Obama
skydoesHYTALE
So the minecraft vids are back
My fav super hero is SpiderMan
Yay
Yay
My fav is Spiderman.
U still hate squids right??
I don’t feel so good Mr. Adam
I don’t know wats happening 
I don’t wanna go please Mr.Adam
I don’t wanna go 
I don’t wanna go 
I’m sorry
Am I back in 2012 :,)
Adam's depression dies in Infinity war
i love you
My favorite superhero is nigger man
my faviorite superhero is spider man and black panther and iron man and rocket and star lord and yondu :D
Thanus
Gotta say my favorite superhero is Spiderman
Spiderman is my favorite whos with me
Cudksijf my OG fangirl coming out
💕I’ve missed you so much so happy to hear you truly happy while playing I’ve been rewatching your pixel mom series too and miss all of it! So glad to have you back
HE’S BACK!!! I REPEAT, HE’S BACK!!!!

I MISSED HIM SO MUCH!!!!
When YouTube finally recommend your videos lol
Had the bell sence I was five and I'm eleven
I'm glad he sounds happy in this vid
God just the intro gives me memories
THE BUTTER KING IS BACK AND HAPPIER VERY HAPPY
Adam, you just need the face cam!
Play with Ross again.
John cena is my favorite super hero jk my is dead pool
Adam’s enjoying himself again! Also, I hope more modded cops and robbers is released
😂😂
What mod is this?
He needs to play with ssundee since ssundee got most of his viewers from sky lmao
Nastolga
My 9 year old self is weeping with joy
Spiderman!!
So I haven’t tuned in for a long long time and the last video I saw was Adam losing all his money friends and his mind can someone please fill me in I’m worried for him 😔
They actually cancelled daredevil because Disney's new streaming service violated the terms of their contract with Netflix therefore daredevil was cancelled
Jerome should have said "HERE'S JOHNNY!"
I love your videos so much you mean a lot to me keep up the good work
SPIDER-MAN!!! 
Been subscribed since 2010!!
Holy crap nostalgia just hit me like a bullet train going full speed
My favorite superhero is Captain Marvel... No I mean Shazam.
Its kinda like the past...no face cam, new people funny content
I’m glad he’s becoming his old, happy self again.
He’s enjoying it more now and that makes me happy
I don’t want to watch youtubers Who don’t feel happy with what they’re doing
I’m glad Adam is enjoying himself like the old times
is it just me or does adam sound like 2013 adam?
And black widow
i was not expectinh this
Welcome back childhood
Play with Bajan
Hawk eye
Never would have guessed this was 3 years later :0
Play murder mystery next
My favorite hero is Shrek
Who thinks he should try another role play series
SKy aS a PonY
I like Spiderman
Spiders = Arachnids
That intro made me cry. I feel like I'm 7 years younger.
Im so happy for you , Adam <3 Youve come so far
It's so nice to hear sky laugh again :3
Love this man he was the first person that I ever watched on YouTube
I’m so happy to hear Adam sounding super happy and energetic! I’m glad he’s doing much better
THIS IS THE ADAM IVE BEEN WAITING FOR!!!!
I almost teared up in the first 10 seconds hearing Adam so happy
Is this new videos or is it just old stuff uploaded??
Love you sky your an inspiration
Mr Sky Dose I don’t feel too good
Please make more modded cops and robbers, oh and it my favorite super hero is deadpool
I’m so happy he’s enjoying this stuff again
Sky continue being happy my friend I rewatched your cops and robbers a lot and missed ya Minecraft
The ruler of minecraft is back
I feel like I'm a child again. My memories of your minecraft vids refreshed
Daddy is back wooo
Can u guys do more hide and seek
I can feel my childhood
When the bills need to get paid
I am so glad to see you happy Adam. You made me and all of your fans laugh and be happy. It is only right that we now support you and make you happy and laugh. Have a good day Adam and a great day after Easter Sunday and to anyone reading this in the future. :)
It’s nice to see u happy again! 💖💖💖💖
This makes me really really happy glad your back bro.😊
Minecraft hide and seek in 2019 
THIS IS NOT A DRILL
MINECRAFT HIDE AND SEEK IN 2019
This makes me so happy, I really hope you’re doing great Sky/Adam
😢😢😢😢the intro, his voice, my childhood has been reborn😢😢😢😢
I have never been so happy in my life.This is so nostalgic.
Adam may I question as to why your version of the episode came out later than jeromes version.
That Skydoesminecraft pony caught me off-guard
This feels more like his old stuff. Feels kinda like im watching old videos that I never got to see before and I am so here for it
Oh my god I love his laugh
THE OLD MIC :00000
0:22 the best part ever
Is this a old vid that he reupload or did he record this like this week
7:13 Barney no approves this
I’m a long time viewer of yours Adam, and it makes me happy to hear you be really happy with your content again.
Black panther is my favorite superhero
Sky back to his old self- but hopefully much happier with himself and comfortable in his body and mind than before! I love you Sky 💕💕 I know you’re getting hundreds of comments saying we support you and love you, but I hope you understand that we mean it- we’re not just saying it because you’re famous, we’re saying it because you’re our childhood, our role model, our idol, and someone we care about deeply. A lot of us were pulled out of bad thoughts by your videos and found great comfort in them, and I hope we can return the favor for you. Stay strong Sky, and us recruits stay strong too!!!
This makes both happy and sad
Make a video with ross
You
I see you Thor,Peter P.,Steve,T'challa,Mjölnir or Storm Breaker 



Non Marvel fans or confuzzled people Theres Peter Parker and Peter Quill
I thought deadlox dont play minecraft anymore
He sounds like he's having fun. This is great
Oh my God. I can’t believe it. He’s really back! HE’S RETURNED!😭😭😭
I still believe I'm dreaming there is no way he is back to minecraft!
The gang slowly rebuilding
supa-adam is mah favourite super hero
OMG MY CHILDHOOD
Each video I watch, I'm happy to see you slowly get happier Adam, and I'm happy that you got help. In a way, I look up to you, even when you were or are going through things. You've been a huge impact from childhood, through my teenage years, to finally my adult years. Me, and everyone else who watches you are here for the long-run, thank you Adam for all of the entertainment you've brought us throughout the years.
guys my childhood hero is happy it seems so now i’m happy 💓
I WAS HERE IN THE FIRST 57 MINUTES!!!
I've missed this.
Yay a vid
Modded cops and robbers??? :)))))
hey Barney had a cameo 7:11
Adam warlock
Are these repost?
Do a vid with aphmau
My favorite superhero is SpiderGwen
they canceled daredevil because disney didn't want to seem like they were condoning the violence in the show. daredevil was the most viewed show out of all of them. they were making enough money, it's just that since disney owns marvel, disney canceled the show
Oh my God you are getting back together with your friends!
I'm so happy for you, Adam!
Nice endgame thumbnail and glad to see that you're back
Superman never
Marvel forever!!
Luv yah Adam!!
I feel like I'm back in tnr old days if minecraft


It's great
Besides the music in the background this video was great
You should play with Aphmau again
Adam love that  hide and seek is back
keep it up
I missed your videos so much!!!!
1:25 killed me...😂
we have the energetic adam back!!!
Thor is my favorite
Love this
Yes hes back
Sky will make his comback
Get muchingbrotato back
This looks more like his “old” stuff. I miss it, he sounds more into it like he used to.
good old vanilla skydoesminecraft
Leave it to the Minecraft Youtubers to think Spiders are insects.
Which mod is this?
Spiderman,Spiderman Spiderman is my favorite superhero
Best intro ever!!
You should try to bring back Team Crafted just to make a video together like Pixelmon or something. Damn I miss those times...
I really hope you continue the series with antvenom.
Sky’s the only dc character lol.
We love watching you and Fluffy play together
Honestly iron man is my favorite avenger.
Its still 4/20 too
You sound soo happy keep it up love you
I luv deadlox :)
Facecam??
starts chanting do not laugh
Oml i missed this  YUSSSS
you came back???
Am I 12 again? 😂
Yes.
Minecraft?
Adam yea
I thought that was Ty on the thumbnail but other then that great vid
Sky does minecraft 
Sky does little kids 👌
All aboard the nostalgia train!
Also, my favorite DC superhero is The Flash and my favorite Marvel superhero is Thor.
Just like the good old days
QUICK ADAM USE THE INFINITY GAUNTLET AND MAKE SNAPPLE
I missed you sky, I remember watching all your videos years ago. As a kid and a young boy it made my day to hear your laugh and to see you enjoying life. I love you sky and I hope you continue making people happy and bettering your life ❤️
yay! happy sky is back! this is the best sky
A video of my childhood a day keeps the depresion away
What mod are they using for the hero's
Spooder-man
HES DOING VIDS AGAIN
Love you sky !! my make my childhood :)
The little dog was so cute
👌
He has returned...
OMG... Is this... 2014 AGAIN? YESSS
Your the only dc superhero
Hey dose tewity sound like galaxy Steve
MORE OG ORIGINAL CONTENT!
Edit: This comment is so original...
The “are spiders insects debate” really annoyed me because I’m from Australia (spiders eat other spiders btw)
Spider-Man
You could say this video was really super haha get it
Adam has one of the best personalities on YouTube
Sky, it’s great to hear you laugh and sound happy again, good luck to you with the future!
Adam keep doing videos like this because they are so funny 🤣
7:54 Galaxy Steve has the best spot. Tewtiy is galaxy Steve!!
Horrible intro but ummm... whatever it's Sky xD
Sky really sounds happy here. I'm really glad :)
wow its been age since i saw that intro
Annnnd we're back to normal loveable kind (og vids) Adam we love u
Nostalgia intensifies
You were always so genuine in your gaming videos, great to have you back.
The god is back butter is here
Is Adam a brony now!?! 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Jerome said my friend Airaqunid.
I missed this
Is sooooo cool that u r back
Sky as much as I love ur mine craft videos and I truly truly do please don’t do this to urself if you don’t want to 
Last time you said you stopped because it wasn’t fun for you anymore and you didn’t enjoy it if that’s still the case then don’t make more just because we want it make what you want and you will build a fan base again 
And you will still keep many loyal fans

who don’t love the game 
But love the gamer
Rad
Um does banjaincandain and Adam get along? Why are there not recording together
OMG TY
Better attitude.
Still bad mic.
To anyone who disliked this, can you explain why? I’m just curious ...
I can tell you got more comfortable with this recoding than some of your others
Good job on starting to get better Adam. Also, the vid was like a week ago. Who cares tho.
Papa sky its 3:30 am in the Philippines greetings!
Hide and seek is back and my got this feels like the good old days
I'm a Batman man myself, but Iron Man and Captain America are also really rad
Ily Adam
When is flying goat the movie coming out
love you Adam!!
Sky seemed so much happier and energetic. Now this gave me nostalgia. Hope you are well sky
Love your way
I was watching the old Hide and seek with Ross Barney and inhale APPPHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHmau
Your back
Your awesome
my childhood is back yay
The God of Minecraft has returned...
Superman killed a pup and the world broke
I haven't heard you this happy for a long time, I'm glad for you, and my favorite superhero is spiderman
Please come back to minecraft
Who else is happy he is back?

CUZ I AM
260 th comment!!! :D
I really enjoy hearing ((and kinda seeing)) you happy Sky, I would rather you chose happiness over the Standard for us bc we SHOULD AND WOULD 100% support you :3
LORD BUDDER HAS RETURNED. WE STAN. HOPE YOU DOIN GOOD ADAM
I love that laugh man, keep it up!
Brings back childhood memories
“I KILLED BLACK PANTHER” 

Adam: “aw look at these cute little puppies”
this is great content!
Megabuttlord has returned
sup sky how was your Easter?
It reminds me of 2012...cops and robbers,hunger games,hide and seek.The music...god miss those times
2023?
Still can’t get over the nostalgia that intro brings dang
This makes me happy...
my favorite superhero is you Adam
I saw this when I was watching and old video of his and I thought it was from awhile ago and I found it it was 30 mins ago I’m so happy he is laughing and happy
Too bad ssundee is stuck in fortnite views land
Spoodermans
Ay I don’t know if you read these but can I just ask if you can bring bedwars w/ red back? And the like goal of 2 likes so absolutely nothing can happen???
All time best superhero to me is spoderman
VERY NICE VIDEO
So happy your enjoying your time during this vid 







Also my favourite hero is black panther
the second jerome starts flying as the goat, my youtube crashes XD
Youtube wants us to exercise by clicking 2 times
Pure evil
Will Adam ever do facecam again
IT SOUNDS LIKE HIS OLD MIC DUDE
My childhood is coming back and it’s great and the intro brings back memories
SKY AND THE FLUFFY BACK TOGETHER YAYAYAYYAA
Yes, all the yes
My favorite superhero is the flash and great video
My childhood memories are pouring in TTT~~TTTTTT
Sky you should do mod reviews, I missed those so much!
I thought you were finished
I’m just waiting for prison break and almost everything will be back to normal
I like Dr.Strange
😂😂😂
It seems like the old you back when you first started playing minecraft
<3
plz bring back ssundee with you too
Cant believe your not doing Minecraft videos with YourPalRoss, Mithzan or ThatGuyBarney the old skyarmy
Keemstar is my favourite superhero
Hey sky play a minecraft parkour map with deadlox plss
Im glad sky actually laughed very hard and is happy like the good days
Black panther is my favorite hero
Who else got a Avengers Endgame ad
Great video reminds me of the old days
It's like the good ol days
Good 2 c u back m8
Love the vids
Loveeeeee youuuuuuu pls senpai like mee
I missed this :)
834 liked Yaya
i'll forever support you
hOI! :•3
This made me so happy to watch
He has been reborn
Play with ross again
Anyone have any intel on the squids? They’ve been quite for a while and that’s a little suspicious those mollusks are up to something
i love how he is making videos again for minecraft. possibly the only original minecrafter who didnt go to fortnite COUGH COUGH SSundee
Spider-Man
Spiders are arachnids
Me, seeing the thumbnail- GASP! its them boiz!
Been here for five years and that intro still makes me smile. You bring much joy and gave me great memories.
Our god Adam has returned with GOOD content?
Can There Be A Letsplay Series Of Minecraft With Everyone?
Sky is back!!!! This is the best birthday gift ever
Minecraft if back on the up!
i loved this video so much!!
please don't use the same song over and over, gets kind of annoying after a while, but glad to see you're back 👍
I grew up watching your old minecraft hide & seek vids so this is nostalgic.
its weird to watch this now that im older..
Welcome back Adam
I wonder what happened to Bashurvurse I hope he is still alive and well he was so sad and broken last time he uploaded before he went
Who else wants Ross back
How's the nugget doing adam
A new. Do not laugh maybe?
If Spider-Man isn't your favorite superhero...what are you even doing? Also, I hate people not knowing what the heck an insect actually is. Insects have 6 legs, arachnids have 8, arthropods (bugs) are a blanket statement for insects, arachnids, and more.
Spiderman and Deadpool are my favorite Super Heroes
Where's ross, barney, max, and aphmau... THE OG SQUAD!!!!!!
7 year old me is crying. How come I am now finding out he made a comeback with Minecraft and he’s with some old pals.
Spiderman is my fav
it’s been so long since i’ve heard Adam laugh like this. OMGGGGGGGG HE LOOK LIKE A WHOLE SNACCCCCC 🤤🤤🤤🤤
Toody sounds like galexy Steve from the Steve saga. Like if u agree.
Top 10 anime characters that got revived
You sound so happy! It makes me smile that you actually sound happy again 😆❤
I love all of the videos he has started making, he sounds so much better and seems like he's actually happier! Which makes me happy for him!
who else saw this and was like "YES he brought it back"
Its good seeing you laugh
This really made my day seeing the intro made me smile and I am happy to see your back and if people say they want you to go back do what you want because all of us are happy if your happy
He sounds desperate, but all better in terms of his recent depression
I LOVE TO SEE YOU BACK SKYDOSEMINECRAFT
I use to watch this guy when l was 10
do modded hunger games
Yes
An insect has only 6 legs. Arachnids have 8
<33
This video is MMMMMMMMMMMMMM delicious
I’m glad sky is back he was my childhood
Spider man for da win
What happened to brotato?
Spider man
Only true fans remember..






budder
Adam sounds so dead while Jerome is like the super active friend that keeps stuff alive
I'm so glad that Adam is back. He was a huge part of my childhood and growing up, and I'm happy to watch him, now that I've grown up and changed.
Jerome:YOU JUST MADE 3 MILLION DOLLARS
Sky:yes
For those saying Adam sounds depressed:
Adam is much less energetic because he is no longer playing up his role as an entertainer, he's just having some fun with a friend. If you remember some of his earliest videos Adam sounded kind of similar. He also might very well be a bit depressed, his life has been a bit rocky for the past few years. Or he's just really high. The point is it's more than just him being depressed.
Damn am I 12 again??
Hey




I love u. I don't want a like. I just love you for hitting 
Only real fans remember Epic Jump Maps and “Jason I’m startled”
Multiple Minecraft series at once what a time to be alive
Who else instantly clicked the video when they got the notification?? Because I did!!
Jerome talks a lot and I’m pretty sure most of the time you don’t understand what he’s saying, lol







(Jerome is me all the time)
i cant really enjoy the video with adam sounding so down :c
Do what you love, man. 
"You do you. I'll do me. And we won't do each other...


Probably."
Adam sounds so freaking depressed (;´༎ຶД༎ຶ`) Poor Adam 
Don't want him doing things he doesn't wanna do :(
He's starting to sound better. I think he's healing!🙂
Dude the feels...... 







THE FEELS (ಥ ͜ʖಥ)
I LOVE YOU. will the adam see this?
The tragic moment that when you realize when Adam is back, he will have to leave again.
Hey Adam bruh thanks for bringing back your YouTube for the longest time I’ve been struggling with prescriptions and i feel you bro do your best
The memories are real
That intro just BROUGHT MEEEE BACKKKKKK
y Adams seem so uninterested 🤣
What is this feeling, my heart when I heard and saw that iconic intro❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sky’s silver lining of his depressive voice is it makes funny moments better
It’s a good thing he has help :)
damn , I can't feel anything good because sky's voice sounds so depressed right now
been going back and watching his old videos and idk why but adam sounds so different from before to today
I like that ur back but you are more dead inside depressed just talk about it to us bud 😘
Wait... Sky does Minecraft again? :O
Jerome and sky back at it again 😪 

I’m not crying you are
Im so glad youre back sky. 
All the effort youre doing is awesome. Keep on going. We all believe in you.
(Sorry for my grammar)
YESH also you should do the Hey Guys sky here ;w; Cuz it's beautiful
im sorry your music career didnt work out sky
Hey Adam, (Almost typed Admin when typing Adam) could you continue some GTA V and GMOD videos? They were hilarious.
Bro i miss these vids glad your back man
Whens ross gonna come back? ;-;
Omg dude I'm so glad u came back!! When I saw ur intro I literally smiled sooo much!! And I still am!!! 😂💜
O saw you on the server once! I'm Avenger_Princess

You da best!
i swear the intro literally makes my heart explode. i love this so much.
was gonna fap but watched this instead




thanks now i probably wont go to hell
If:
SkyDoesMinecraft
DanTDM
StampyCat
Wasn't your childhood, then your in the wrong generation
OMG ITS PACO! PACO AHHH! Owo 1:32
So he  He quit Minecraft then done something else but he’s back to Minecraft oh my God yes omg yess so glad he’s back 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
EDIT he Sounds sad or tired
Think about this, the first Cops N' Robbers was almost 6 years ago.
I love this video so much sky your amazing keep doing your thing man ^w^.
Question
AWE  ^-^ !! THE INTROO
Who remembers JASON IM STARTLED
Adam Man U don’t sound the same I still love your vids
My childhood has been revived and I just had so many flashbacks seeing that intro
Aaah
I remember watching gudol sky  old vids
You should make an automatic suger cane farm with pistols and observers they work really well
First time clicking on one of ur minecraft vids and hearing that intro gave me so much nostalgia
OMGGGG The nostalgia is coming back. It feels like PTSD
Who remembers minecraft universe and deadlox in the mario map😂😂
Every video sky is gaining evey power that he lost
Adam im happy your back and your ok, btw the content makes me feel like the old you is coming back out... Its nice I like it
Came here from instagram 👌😎
Jerome is like a hyped up announcer for a game show,
then Sky just sounds like he high a few hours ago and was finally out of that state.
I'm loving this series
I remember the intro since prison break and his older video
2013 Adam: very hyper and loud

2019 Adam : very quite and sounds sad
you sound like your VERY old videos
with your monotone voice

"i am very excited"in a very montone voice
Yo Adam I haven’t watched your stuff in like four years and then I was going through my saved videos and found an old cops and robbers video and now I can’t stop watching your videos so keep it up man👍
I thought he left to do music or something...

Welcome back
Squids and budder

Sky:What’s that?
I love that thumb nail also I hope you doing well
Being for real Adam, love you man.
When I was first going through youtube (2011) on my mobile boostmobile phone from my mom that ran every video at 144p. I could not read what the chat said.

Now I can read the chat and that's pretty cool.
It hurts to hear Adam like this. He is such a good person he doesn’t deserve depression
Sky I love you when I was 10 I loved Ross and Jim and you😭 so pls BRing back try not to laugh gta and team crafted so pls if you see this do this and I love your diss track on KSI
ADAM you are the best i love your videos i watch them when i’m upset because you are so funny and make my day i hope you see this and again your the best!
I love that sky is back BUT his enthusiasm has gone down......Jerome is like LOOK A RABIT!!!!!!!......and sky is like....ye
Am I the only one that thought of Jungkook when he said his bunnys name is kookie 

Jxjxdjjsjdj
I did I watched skydoes since 2009 I love skydoes I am Swedish and I watched him and I learned English only true fans remember his good old videos
You should ride on the squid because that is your worse enemy.
This is so weird, i literally looked up 20 minutes ago how to build a mob grinder
OML how long has it been dude? I watched you when I was 10!
Aaaaaaaargh




I missed your games. 
P.s. I also supported your music
Adam I love you dude but maybe you need more of a break because you sound really down 
Edit still love your vids
Is it just me or is he genuinely getting happy then remembers he has to be Monotone so he switches?  
It’s getting better with each episode 👏🏻
11 mins up and already 3.3k views
Hey adam just so you know ive been subbed since 6mil ive never un subbed when you quit to make music and when you made music i listened to it i love you man and love your videos and i want you to know i would never abandon you
sky quick tip, try changing your FOV
I'm so glad he's coming back to Minecraft!!!! I've watched you since you started
The title does not fit Adams voice AT ALL.
I love it.
You're gonna get through the hard times adam!! I believe in you!!!SKYARMY FOREVER STRONG FOR ADAM!!!
You sound so much more depressed than 3 years ago lol
Sky is Subscribed to T-series.........






Well then...
He still got that diamond sword from last episode
I love the excitement in Adams voice lol.
This video is
50% Humble sponsor
40% Adam being high
10% Skyblock

And I 100% Love it, keep at it Sky!
I've been watching you since Aphmau joined do not laugh and I'm so happy my childhood is back!
And Adam you literally used to make me laugh 24/7 on gta 5
Adam you should join callmecarson's minecraft server
He sounds sad ;~;
Is the server on Bedrock Edition?
What ever happened to Maze Runner? Did you make season 2?
Sky army squad!!!!!!
I love Adam he basically made my childhood but watching him play in this video was the most Frustrating thing I have ever seen!
Ive been waiting for the return of sky for years and im so glad hes getting back into it
wait.. the intro. imma cry
only true fans can remember “max is so salty, he can turn a lake into an ocean
When Adam left, I was a little heart broken. I watched all of his videos no matter what was going on in my life and to see him come back..... I was so happy.  Thanks Adam for being my childhood!
Who remembers "DONT LOOK AT MEEEEEH"
Is it just me, or does Adam seem happier with every recording.
dam i havent wached you in like 4yrs
“Me too I am exited” 
-Adam 





Why do you sound soooooo depressed
Im laughing so hard adam seems to be having a blast hahaha anyways love u broo
I can hear just dead in Adams voice
yea boii i feel old but adams back
Thank you Adam. You really have brought some light back. I hope you missed us
Favorite Mc youtubers back together at last
#PastramiCity
I feel YOUNG AGAIN... 😭
who else remembers when he got that new intro in like 2014?
Thanks 






Hi army
Love you Adam! I hope treatment is going well for your depression, don't forget to take breaks from social media cause it can be a bit toxic and surround yourself with loved ones :)
Hey Adam, I just wanted to let you know that I love your videos. They helped me through some hard times in my life. But just was wondering if you really wanted to make this video. You sound drained. Remember to just be who you are. Make what you want to make. Thank you for all the laughs.
I honestly feel like Adam was high while recording
Every time I watch one of his new videos I feel like I went back in time😂😂
You and mumbo uploaded at the same time btw
Can you join Unspeakable's server
Man I'm so happy to see u be like normal now
adam sounds so....uninterested
like he's some depressed emo
That intro omg nostalgia😫
ive been watching you since i was like 9 or 7 or something but when i heard that you went to music i was like cool! but i missed the minecraft vids and the flashbacks but im glad that your back at it again!
we can tell....his high XD
This is great we love you adam
The nostalgia!!
Just wanted to say I’ve been watching sky dice before 100k and I remember when he did the island of skies with deadlox
Ahhh the legendary minecraft intro
Only true fans Will remember





Awsomesaus
How to Sky Factory! (Ft SSundee)




Make it happen.
Sky is me trying to make a video yeah okay what ever nice lmao
He doesn’t sound happy to be back:(
Love you dude keep up the work
Sky: yeah I’m super excited 
People: He sounds Depressed
We're all glad you're coming back, Adam!
Adam you should join the callmecarson smp live sever...
I can tell you're still remembering the controls / getting used to them again since you aren't as jumpy/energetics as you used to be. But that's fine! I enjoy watching your minecraft videos. Keep it up and take breaks whenever you need
Yo sky I love you man good to see your back
This video brings back memories of 2014, jail break videos 😔👐✊✊
"I can ride my rabbit yesssss"
You sound so down sky... Especially about exciting things
Are you Ever gonna to do a season two of maze runner and if so please bring back Ross
Adam bro can you do an X-run episode
No dislikes

p e r f e c t
sky to host meme review
glad to hear Adam is having fun at some points in the video :)
Mithzan is so salty that if we dipped him in a lake it would become the ocean
Why does this make me feel so nostalgic!!!
fIrSt 




Ffs Grow Up
The Intro brought tears of joy to me.
Yesterday, I had a sandwich, and it was really good!
What is going on with the quality of the vid ??
You da pro Man :D
Adam still sounds kind of unenthusiastic. Don't want the guy to do something he isn't into.
He sonda so deppressed😂but Its Also sad
Yes he is back but he isn’t hype as before
I’m glad to see you making content again. I’m enjoying it very much and it’s bringing good nostalgic feels. ♥️
Sky doesn’t carry the same energy as he used to :(
adam still has the same voice from 5 years ago 😳
Damn, your views per subscribers is saddening.
Wait. You started uploading again? Huh. Neat.
THE THUMBNAIL LOOKS SO 2013 AND I LOVE ITTTTTT
Hey why do the videos sometimes feel so awkward 😂😂 be u bro no need for unnecessary chuckles
I love Sky just saying “I have a mooshroom”
whoa fever dream
Hopefully sky feels better and gets over his depression
Mhmm Mhmm
I'm sorry, but there was no heart in this, this was a forced video.
Sky is gone.....
ADAM IVE MISSED YOUU
God, the nostalgia is just, almost painful. I love it
In the beginning Jerome sounded like a real life ad
are these pre-rehab videos because you sound so freakin sad my guy
I love these piles make more! Of course if you have the time too :)
Adam if you see this just wanted to say I’m proud of you that you’re being yourself and ain’t afraid to talk about what’s been going on and just want to have fun and just enjoy yourself proud of you dude even if you don’t play Minecraft or not I’m just glad you are still being a humble kind person and keep being that humble kind person!

Just want this to be short and sweet later Adam!!! 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I miss the old skydoes Minecraft the funny one
Adam seems lost in what jerome is saying and Jerome is super energy and sky is just enjoying life
Love your vids
Here before 75 views
64th!!
Adam! Ignore this if you get mad at games but if you don’t play dark souls 3!
Hi Adam!!!
just put emeralds or diamonds in the chests so that you have the valuable ores that you can sell for more.
Lmfaoooooooooooo maybe the music game isn't as easy as he thought?
The rise of a legend
I literally had no idea that sky came back to Minecraft
Sounds like Jerome is trying to sell Adam something
Back with the minecraft bois
True fans get reminded of Island of the Skies when watching stuff like this
YAY ANOTHER VIDEO :D
Your one day late, I guy named camo1234 had a 13 mil bounty on his head, i put 7 mil just because I could xD
Sky play with callmecarson on his smp server
We need ALL OF THEM BACK for an episode of cops and robbers
But a memory of the old days 😔
I could have cried when I heard that intro. My childhood was flooding back
Hey Adam, how are you? You sound kinda down, I hope everything's going ok, we're all here for you man💕
Any of yall remeber splavacado
Sky reminds me of Steven Wright with the way he talks now
im so happy he's back! his do not laughs were my childhood!
OOOOMMMMMGGGGGGGG YYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I love with all the videos so far he sounds more and more happy as the video progresses. Like he sounds so happy at the end of this video
YAY ADAM'S BACK
Can we see a sky vs smash ultimate
adam sounds bored :c
Sky does minecraft how was your baby Mason going?
He sounds dead inside
keep posting these like every night
I love you so much!!!
how does jerome still get so excited from minecraft?
Lol Jerome is talking in the ecstatic YouTuber voice and adam just wants to play the game
Need more bed wars with redvactor. Who agrees?
What happened to Deadlox?
Adam doesn't sound like he's having much fun...
I love you I miss how you would post a lot
Hey how do you join these servers
Your a weird kid if you still watch this 🤦‍♂️
I loved the old Sky/Adam
You’re the example of the nostalgic kings of youtube Adam. Welcome back
Yes!!
Oh zoinks a new episode of Sky block!
He sounds so sad sometimes... i wish he’d just take all the time he needed without worrying about making vids so he’d feel better
Adam doesn’t sound like he’s into minecraft anymore
DESPACITO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m really enjoying this series so far
YOU'RE BACK
PACO THE MOOSHROOM IS BACK
I'm crying RN
My childhood just revive and Minecraft with
I here like a tiny change in Adams voice, almost like he's starting to not despise life, wish I can say the same but he seems a tiny bit happier
I loved the back then where his Minecraft survival lets plays were so silent and it sounded like asmr
Yes yes yes yes yes yes it been so long I need butter
I can see the old Adam play this survival series. He’s more “Optimistic” and not “Negitron”.
Adam you should join callmecarson's minecraft server
Hey sky are you okay
Through the years Jerome had kept his enthusiasm, never slowing down. And Adam gained his enthusiam and went past like a speeding bullet with it, but he hit a wall, now he must regain his momentum. Edit Adam, if you're reading this. Know that there are still some of the Sky Army back from when you first started, they are out here watching, and cheering you on.
Hey adam,I'm glad you're back,I hope you're doing much better and I wish you the best,please keep it up and we are all here for your support!
Back To Basics, Lez Goooooooo
Im so happy ur back to minecraft and i hope you enjoy being here and we still support you all the way :)
Grinders these days vs grinders before with massive towers with large platforms and water flowing to the center. With signs stopping the water and making the mobs drop to their death. 



Only true mincrafters that has the Minecraft childhood remember this
who like minecraft?
Hey adam, you didnt seem too excited this video, if you dont like doing this then dont, you should be doing what you want to do
I listened to your parody yesterday for an hour strait. That is because I wanted to be in your next video
Adam sounds so depressed,while Jerome is so energetic
I love you yes u reading this I love you
i missed you sky
This video makes me sad because Adam clearly doesn't want to pretend to enjoy it but Jerome seems in his element.
Thank you for coming back
Sick video skyy
WEEEEZEEEEEEE
I haven’t watched you in like 3 years
You sound so sleepy dear...remember we love whatever you do so please do not move into anything you do not feel comfortable doing yet alright dearie?
Ayyyyyyy
I LOVE U ADAM
I hope sky enjoyed my dollar :) 13:09
#pastramy city
YYYEEESSSSS
adem you sound so sad now :( are you ok?
i love how energetic jrome is and sky is meh
Sky is back sky is back ahahahaah this is the greatest thing ever
Skysama i miss
Bring back Tony pepperoni please
Ummm, maybe have a little more energy???? I'm sorry I just had to say, if you really want to go back to the grind, maybe, have a little more enthusiasm?
Adan doesn’t sound very enthusiastic
I miss when Adam and max were friends 😔
Team up with vik star
When will team crafted be a thing again I remember watching when I was 9 and I'm now 13 jeez time flys
Ask for /nick
Minecraft came back to claim its spot as the best game, and Sky came back to claim his throne as the Minecraft King, what a time to be alive.
I love democracy
Old introooooooo oooooooooooooooooo
Atleast you didn't do fortnite *COUGH SSUNDEE COUGH
Sky riding the mushroom made him the most enthusiastic since he started playing mc again, like, he just sounded pure depression playing with AntVenom lmao
nostalgia kicking in
I was trying to save u when people were punching
God has uploaded again
2:26 I'll show youuu 💜
Old Adam:
ISLAND SURVIVAL WOOO
Proceeds to do something spontaneous everyone bursts into laughter
New Adam:
...ok, alright
I love this guy.
100% Nostalgia Watching Sky since 2012 to Present Click the Like button to say BUTTER
4:47 look at chat 😂
YOOOOOOOOO
Adam you seen done already lol.
Once a week is too long 😢
Back from 2012😭😭
sky feel lucky that they PUNCHED YOU, i mean, getting slapped is ten times worst
My Chilhood has been revived.
Is Sky the savior of Minecraft?
damn, this made me want to play minecraft again, i forgot how fun this is
Throwback
It doesnt really seem like he's enjoying it all that much... He sounds uninterested... :(
Squid?????
Adam sounds so dead makes me kinda sad :(
Get in the spirit sky be more excited
Yay your not dead because people told me you were dead
They hate us cuz they ain’t us
There are four diamond blocks under the rock of the islannd
Yo sky stay strong man I still remember when I used to watch all your series like your parkour/ adventure maps all cops and robbers and so much more you where a huge part of my childhood and made me laugh every video
Adam sounds sad☹️
Sky Does Nostalgia
I used to watch you in the good old days now Minecraft is making a comeback I love it
Well... atleast the chat is not constantly filled with "NOTICE ME SKY" or the sort anymore.... god those are very annoying before.....
FAST CLICK
wow he is putting out many vids
Just me or does Adam sound quiet
This makes me sad to hear his voice but happy inside just hearing his voice again
Does Jerome feel kinda like this series is a sponsorship
Change the intro please.
Jerome is really... Excited in this episode.
Why would 6 people dislike 😭
like if they should make a separate season and they go against waco their to be the better idland
Who else got hit in feels when they saw this
This video hits home. Jerome and Sky just propel me to the state of mind of my 11 year old self
Adam sounds really tired/sad
Yay wen next one
Bruh, u were a huge part of my childhood, bring back Barney, Ross, and red
Ngl Adam sounds a bit high
I hope you are feeling better!
I remember many years ago running into a member of Team Crafted (back when it was still a thing) on some server somewhere, I didn't know who they were but everyone else was freaking out. Glad to see many of the OG minecraft youtubers finally returning, it feels like it's been ages.
We are dedicated once again-
Sky sounds depressed it's making me sad I hope sky goes back to his old commentary voice
Hey man not sound rude but your kinda timid now, not that i mind but i was just gonna say you have all our support, I feel kinda happy though that your posting mc vids I haven’t caught up on your music vids tho just know skyarmy shall live on οωο i was kinda hoping you could play some other games too if you want though because it would be amazing if you played other games like it would awesome to see your reactions to like horror or fantasy games even strat games can’t wait for the next vid
aye 250th lol
You sound miserable dude, if you don’t want to play it man don’t. Be yourself.
Now we need Sky to do a Minecraft Mod Showcase and we get the nostalgia galore.
HE IS SUBBED TO T SERIES
Who members the SCALE only ogs
Fluffy is back
Epicc
Is it me when sky does minecraft  brings the minecraft video back....Or it’s a fan video..and I am so happy to see him again
sky:yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa



fluffy:heyyyy budddddyyyyyyy!!!!!!




me:aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh they are back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He like seems sad lmao
NOSTALGIA TRAIN
Do bed wars
CHAYLDHUD!
Boysss Hes backkk
HE'S BACK BABY
Adam sounds so so sad
adammmmm pleasee be happierrrr ;(
why did I tear up hearing the skydoesminecraft into and got automatic nostalgia to when I was 9
Adam sounds dead
Adam sounds dead
i see targeting is still a thing
keep the good work up
he sounds so sad for some reason
Oh man... the memories of watching the old Sky are coming back to me.
Why does Adam sound so dead and depressed recently? I hope everything is alright, mate. We are all here for you if you need anything! I'm glad you're back playing games you use to, as long as you're happy doing so! (:
Yesssssssssssss SkythekidRS
Bring Mudkip back
adam sandler
Weeniebutt
You don’t seem to enjoy doing this
:D
2019 is a great year for minecraft :3
Prison break should be a thing again
back at it again!
That's hawt
OH the memories
This sound either very unenergetic, scripted or Adam didnt get what was going on.
Adam sounds so depressed playing this game
Is it just me or does jerome sound like he is an ad throughout the video
I haven't watched sky in over 4 years now I do know what has happened in the past 2 years and I don't know if that's what's wrong with him right now because he does not sound happy he seems pretty upset
I find it so funny how quite Adam is and he’s just kinda there while Jerome is bouncing all over the place it’s almost like Adam is nervous of messing up
BUDDDERR
Omfg my childhood 😂
youtube hasn't been showing me your videos in my recommendations and it pisses me off.
perfect
Hey, I just wanted to say, I love your videos. You are the one who got me into minecraft and I know you are going through some mental health problems right now so I thought you should know that you have helped me with my mental health issues. If you hadn't gotten me into minecraft, I don't know if I would even be here right now. I have met so many people through minecraft and made so many great friends and all this was thanks to you. So thank you, just thought you should know how much of an affect you have had on people
Does anyone remeber TnT?
2nd
YES
its funny after i dont even know how long I still know all the words to new world
Hi dad
Minecraft WHAAAAAAT 💥 it's back WHAAAAAAT
Guys I know he sounds down just remember he is trying his best and doing sm better. Lets just keep supporting him
Aaaaaaaa
Can’t believe this guy is back
I can hear how unenthusiastic he is, rip my childhood
Prison prison prison
4:47 look at the chat
Adam is sounding really better  yay
Adam does not sound like he is happy...
Just in minute I see sky die
OHHHHHH BUDDY SKY AND ADAM
I remember zombie apocalypse
Reuplod
I'm startled
He sound super calm
Sky are you ok??
Adam are you ok
All he needs to do now is get his viewers back
hes back
WHAT
Why does adam sound so sad and depresed
Honestly I hate to see someone who shaped my childhood sound so sad and frustrated with there life and what they are doing sky I hope your life changes for the better
I love you sky
Smplive?
XD 14:44 ssundee would be proud
🤠
You sound so uninterested in this 😥
Sky sounds a little bit happyer I just hope he gets well soon he doesn't deserve this
Sky you sound so happy I haven't I haven't heard you this happy since you well that's actually something I can't remember you really haven't been happy but I'm finally I'm happy for you that you finally found something that you're in love with or you came back to Minecraft and Minecraft is healing your wounds and I'm glad Jerome is with you cuz Jerome he's a good guy love you sky or Adam
Bois I’m first because I’m the 9000 comment
Why sound sad?
FLUFFY AND ADAM
MAKE MY DAY!❤️
You remember your first videos ,I do
😂
As much as I’m happy for Adam being back and being sky he sounds like he’s dying  like what’s the point in him being forced to play and I guess not wanting to play
Hey sky you should get with Barney max and ross and do some try not to laghs and videos
Finally
Leesssssss goooooooo it’s back
Omg minecraft
Why is sky so sad? 😭
adam doesnt seen to be as happy as he used to be and it makes me sad
Butter
Why are you subbed to t bad
Fluffy
I feel sky is the eminem/captain America of minecraft youtubers.
I cried
2012 days
“I’m really excited” sounds depressed
98th
Adam sounds like he is absolutely not into it
WAIT IS STILL PLAYS MINECRAFT!!!!!!!
<3
Adam you sound depressed
Does this server work on pocket edition?
BUDDARRR...........
Hi!
I love it
Please do moded cops and robers
Adam please play Diversity 3! It was just released and it's better than Diversity 2
Adam u seem down what's wrong
Omg yess your bak yayayayayy
Gta 5
Hey
Who wants tacos!
Why do you sound so depressed 😟
Do not laugh do not laugh
Dont get me wrong i love sky he was a impact in my childhood and im so happy he is back but ibwant his old self like i feel like his enthusiasm is not as big as before
If you do a try not to laugh here's a joke. (In Tony's rap voice) Tony pepperoni spitting fiery tracks, if you cant handle the heat then you better get back.(right after ) so how scales can I set you up for?
He used to be so energetic and so enthusiastic where did I go I still like his content but it makes me sad to not seem so energetic and enthusiastic
Sky if your reading this I just watched the New world song that u made years ago....And I'm happy to say that I grew up watching you Instead of ninja or any fortnite streamer...now day kids would never understand the joy of getting up in the morning to watch your favorite Minecraft YouTuber

I remember watching you when I was 7 and 8 now I'm 13 and and I wish I could go back an relive those happy moments. It was simpler back then. No golden scars just diamond swords. You and Stampy cat where my child hood and I love too see you back up on your feet and living life again.

With out you I would not be who I am today and I'm greatful to say that I an an OG Sky Army Recruit

I love you man...Keep up the good work.

P.s thanks for reading all of that❤
He sub to t-series
make an auto furnace too sky
sky doesnt seem happy
Just saying but this video is an ad for  the server
am i back in 2013?
Sky if your reading this super like it
I thought he stop doing Minecraft
Awesome
Is it just me or does it sound like sky is depperessed
Hi
Hi
Wait is he coming back?!
Hard to think this is NetNobody
Quit sounding so depressed
Can you unprivate your gta videos plz
I still remember the first SkyDoesMinecraft video, my brother was watching one of his prison break videos as he was screaming PIKA PI!! While shooting everyone as the warden
I feel like I’m 8 again
why is jerome so scripted lmao
please make my childhood again say hey guys sky here
I used to love his videos... And then he completely changed so I think I'm probably going to have to unsub. Been here basically forever and now it's time to let it go. I can no longer watch him, he makes me upset now.
Hi sky
Does this server work on pocket edition
Sky is depressed
The video had 0 dislikes and 452 likes now someone ruined it
the big e
Are you still friends with Ross
I’m sad modded cops and robbers are funny
I am glad and mad that he came back to Minecraft I will start with why I am glad
He does Minecraft again now 
He still has some of the squad he has in contact
He knows some things with Minecraft still.
Now It’s for me why I am mad.
He just came back out of no where and plays Minecraft 
The rest of his Minecraft squad do other things except for few.
Skylox will never come back to fandom which won’t be becoming a ship anymore cause it is dead.
Adam is now learning Minecraft which makes me confused.


Now I am gonna say it, will Try not to laugh Series gonna come back?
13:27 You could see the absolute confusing from Him when the creeper dropped down and didn’t explode
It’s 4:30am and I haven’t watched your videos since Roommates and your Don’t Laugh series. Now I’m watching some of videos and having a breakdown from how long it’s been. I’m like in seventh grade again. 😂😂
Im sad hes high while filming this. He's not as funny.
Yo
Welcome back Adam! Wow seeing you and jerome playing minecraft brings back some old good  memories. Nice to see your getting back to your old self again x
ross?
Nice
Hope your whole depression treatment thing goes well, I’ve been supporting you through the phase of only playing mine craft to music and back to mine craft, you just make me laugh and all I can you in return is respect your choices and support you.
ADAM! I love you so much❤ How are you doing?
Why don't you like ssundee
Ah budder
This sounds lame but I’m watching this video with my dog and his name is cookie so when his name was said in the video he barked LOL
Sky
Sky your amazing youtuber and all but I wish you were the energetic butter loving squid hating daddy we all know I still love the new you tho it’s kinda cool ig
Skydoesurmom fgt
To everyone saying Adam sounds depressed, it’s because Adam is no longer playing a character, I believe. It could be his depression, but I think it’s just how he is. He sounds like this if you watch hid older videos before he started acting
Wait so is this server allowing you to actually craft hoppers??
Adam you sound down 

Are you ok?


Don’t force yourself to play minecraft if you don’t enjoy it ok.
its funny to see sky have to re-learn everything and it reminds me of is first Minecraft videos I grew up with
BUDDER
Adam you sound so uninterested
Adam is either uninterested in the game, or doesn't want to seem childish or something while playing the game, and is holding back for some reason.
Hey Adam so um I have bad news so all the squids are back for your budder so pls help
Does Adam need to rest? I can't tell. He doesn't seem like his old self.
Dammit I can't take Adam being so down while Jerome is being so overly upbeat considering none of this is exciting and just because it's "Sky and the fluffy are doing a video" doesn't mean it's going to take me back to when I was a freshman in high school; Sky wasn't depressed, Jerome wasn't so unironically "EPIC," and Minecraft wasn't memed into submission. All I want is some self-awareness with my Minecraft. The REAL comedy is in the irony
Boi
Adam it’s good to be back
69
Only true fans remember “I had sex with the adidas logo
I just found out in Pewdiepie subreddit that Adam is back.
What the frick sky AND Jerome are actually still doing Minecraft? I’m suddenly very nostalgic
I’m just now getting back into Minecraft. Glad I can go on this journey with y’all.
When ur an army and u see a girl wearing a bts skin 🗿🗿20:54
Adam you sound so sad and broken I hope one day you are able to be happy
Skr blook
Why is Adam so depressing now jheez
Adam seems off. I feel bad for him, hes not actin like he used too. Hope he's all good
why is people disliking? you would think that the trolls would stop by now.
Honestly, I'd rather have Adam sound "Depressed" than him being super energetic. I'd hate for Adam to pretend to be happy, I just want him to be him and I'll just be here enjoying the content that he puts out because no matter who he is or how he sounds, he is still a great person.
The video just got to me and there are already like a lot of people good work ❤️
NOTICE ME lol hi 😄
Cutie
Skyyy since u and a couple YouTubers make videos together still. Would you ever go back to Cops & Robbers? Just for fun like the old times? No role play just fun?
you sound like you are gunna die. stop making minecraft vids if you want, people will move on.
Sky doesn’t sound the same like other Minecraft videos he sounds boring and not interested anymore
Sky do not laugh again please please please please please please please please everybody liked it so he can start doing it again
It's the daily dislike
Where's my early squad
adam buddy. u ok?
I need people to watch my videos
Sky or Jerome, I am wondering if you can get in contact with the people who can change prices on items to CHANGE THE PRICE ON ROBOTS SO IT WOULD NOT BE USELESS TO GET A ROBOT?!? If you can that would be nice because it’s really hard to get a robot cause it costs 200k mob tokens and mob tokens to take a long time to get
Sky, you have been a part of every one of your fans childhoods and the main source of our entertainment and happiness. We have all followed you from the beginning and will support you all the way! Thanks so much for sticking with Minecraft, it still will never change after you left your impact upon us.
I know everyone is saying how they can’t enjoy the video due to Adam sounding “down” , but for me this makes me happy regardless, Just seeing him play and seeing him getting up and trying to make himself happier that’s enough for me. It fills me with great happiness just by knowing that he’s trying to “redeem” or “trying to improve himself”. I realize things may not ever be the same but I’m okay with that. ^^ The best we can do is give him our full support!
Not being rude but 
You voice needs more hype!!! :*
Watch the intro at 2x speed you won't regret it.
You guys remembered when he called Jerome "fluffy"?
first
I think it’s not Adam 
I think it’s that squid Adam from that squid mod he did a long time ago
Since last episode when he saw the BUDDER ore he didn’t freak out
13th comment let's gooooo (I got the notification while watching one of his old videos lol)
First
Only true fans remember when sky would be recording and Dawn would walk in and talk randomly
First
antvenom and sky, the reunion we didn't deserve 


but the one we needed <3
Sky: learns Minecraft
Sky: leaves Minecraft 
Sky:comes back
"Aw crap here we go again"
I can't tell if he's really chill or experiencing crippling demotivation.
Sky was a legend

Now years later
AntVenom: "I want to find a Wooden Mansion"
Sky: finds Cartographer, says nothing
A whole hour of Sky and Ant playing vanilla Minecraft? Fucking beautiful. Definitely continue this series.
"Don't you mean, *ButterCarrots*"


Will to live has been resorted.
One of the few mc youtubers that haven't succumbed to fortnite. keep up the good content
Adam sounds like he’s being tortured to play this
Ant: “I’m betting I’ll find diamonds within the next minute”

Video ends

Me: 
Sky:Don’t you mean butter ,dude?
Me (world literally crumbling around me):😃
World:wait stops crumbling
Did he just say butter 
Me:yep
World:*slowly puts its self back together*
Dude, your like to dislike ratio is amazing.  8.2k likes and 43 dislikes. Amazing sky. Keep up the good work!
Thank you, I hate when people make a full set of wooden items.
Star Wars IX: Rise of Sky...







Doesminecraft
Adam just needs to play with jardon + ant venom and the holy trinity will be complete
I like the no face cam it brings me back to the old days idk
Alright, I gotta say it.




Ant is sky’s Minecraft father figure
Doctor:you have 58 minutes and 29 seconds to live
Me:*watches this video*
He sounds like he doesn’t have any energy, keep it up sky, your doing great
I missed you guys so much!!! 😭

Edit: I just saw Adam go “There’s turtles” I just died 😂
I thought the day would never come, but now I can re-live my childhood memories with two of the OG MC’s. Bloody awesome.
1:09 "and whatnot" ahhh I miss that phrase from Ant
The legendary boi has returned...


Remember the good old days? They're back.
Sky: Digs
Sky: Turns Brightness to 100% when it gets dark


Everyone did this, dont lie.
This is one of the greatest videos 2019 has to offer.
i've been waching sky since 2014 :')
Ant: it'll show you the recipe for glass

Me: but glass is smelted in a furnace.
Will sky start his squid murder spree again?
28:14 yup. he said the b word. he's back.
Sky is back. Thank Ant for teaching him some new bases. Also there is an update where you go on a water adventure, an under water temple. Some of them has really great stuff. In one chest I found 5 diamonds. Thhere are ship wrecks, temples, and other stuff that has chests under water. Would you consider taking an adventure like that?
Sky: Also I think if you combine bone meal with any wool, it turn into white wool.
Gold dude? Don’t you mean... BUDDER
I’m crying
ant and sky: finds horses, 3 ravines, a village, and a dungeon in a new world

me: finally finds coal after 4 nights of using charcoal
A anybody else happy at that sky still calls it a cavern instead of a cave
>They have a long conversation about the new combat mechanics
>Immediately forgets and spam clicks his sword
Sky, always asking the hardest questions..
"You think they will ever add cooked beetroot?"
Antivenom: -_-
I’ve watched him since I think I was like 5-7 ._.
How the years have gone by
;-;
so i grew out of that kid friendly content phase but this is REALLY nostalgic and good
We need to gather all the other infinity youtubers and make the ultimate Minecraft comeback
"You will be able to tame foxes though"
YOU FOOL
26:38 “this guy lives in water”
That was so dumb but I couldn’t help but laugh. That’s like the classic Sky humor. Glad you’re back, dude. 💛
WHO ARE YOU?!?!?! The sky and ant I knew died long ago! I knew the old days will never come back.
and... I'm glad I was wrong.
he protec
he attac
but most importantly


sky and ant are bacc
I love how my fps keeps dropping to 360 and the video keeps buffering..just like old times. :')
Watching this at 1am. This makes me feel like I'm 12 again watching you play Minecraft.
Help. I need help. Save me. 

he acted so bland I swear
Sky and AntVenom should both join Carson's SMP once Sky relearns
My boi is back
He's gone through Hell both figuratively, and literally
And has emerged from the darkest times in his life, just like I knew he would
He's truly a fighter, and an inspiration
He's a survivor, both to real life and in Minecraft
I hope I get to meet him one day
Thanks for being you Adam (Sky)
29:06 I smiled so much hearing sky’s reaction it’s the start of him getting some enthusiasm back!
“Our potatoes what the heck man?!?”
antvenom: SHEILDS ARE INSANE


sky:ok


what timeline are we in
Sky sounds so dead when hes talking normally oml im not used to it
Glad your closest and oldest friends are standing with you in your time if need. This is probably the most beautiful videos I've ever seen and im legitimately tearing up thinking that I watched you 5 years ago all the time and ended up losing your content before everything happened. You've impacted my life so much and i thank you for that.
U can see how supportive ant venom is behind the camera when sky made the vegan joke he was still supportive even tho he knew it would be so hard he would still do it for him love you guys keep going strong skyarmy forever
It's great that you're doing minecraft videos again so take your time and don't get too stressed out buddy
Ok this is like me teaching my dad how to Minecraft but sky is better than him 😂
He's vegan now!? Huh. What's it like?
WHY ARE YOU SUBSCRIBED TO T-SERIES?!
Holy fucc it's been forever since I've seen you play MineCraft, or basically a single Minecraft...
Sky still played minecraft when the combat update came didn't he?
I don't remember exactly what glacier was but hearing the name was such a weird feeling, like 7,8 year old memories being triggered for the first time.
So long since I've seen that "SkyDoesMinecraft" logo
"My gut instinct is over he-"

"Can you tame the turtles?"
Ant is the expert and Adam is the good luck charm
At what time did he say gold instead of butter
Nostalgia hit me harder than how much of a hit Despacito was.
It's been some time damn do long I was watching for a long time then moved to other youtuber now coming back it's like a newly refreshed youtuber
Ant is such a sweet guy, I'm so glad he's helping Adam out and it's really heartwarming.
One time I found diamonds then walked a little bit to the left and found more diamonds I am your god
I'm glad you played with ptc
I actually cried while watching this. God how I missed this.
everyone just got flashbacks to 2012
Beautiful. Cried tears of happiness. So glad it says episode 1 because hopefully they’ll be more
Ant: I think we've been going for something like 26-27 minutes.. something like that

Me: checks the time of the video only to see 42:16 . . . oh

XD Lol
I like watching AntVenom, "The pro here". Mine a crafting table with a pickaxe
Sky sounds like he has no energy. And You can tell that Ant notices he's quiet and is tryna talk so Sky will hype up. Keep it up Sky. Your doing great💙
24:28 for this reason alone i kinda want the seed their using, or a seed with one anyway, as I've never seen this structure before and i wanna see it/one myself first hand! O0O
Would you ever collab with Aphmau again? I loved the videos you did with her in the past.
I miss his excited voice in the good ol days
Nothing like learning how to use a shield
Holy crap I didn't realize how much I missed that intro
Ant: you can't spam hit animals
Sky: oh yeah okay
Sky: Continues to spam click
THAT INTRO 





it makes me remember my childhood
5:52
What we expected: OW STAHP

What we got: woops
Me: Gets done watching antvenom update videos
Youtube recommends: Sky has a new video in Minecraft!
Me: [My icon]
Yooo Adam you should like do crazy craft survival, I think you'd trip a little maybe 😂
Those 82 dislikes are the salty 4-7th graders mad that you arnt playing fortnite
With sky back Minecraft revival is finally underway
Sky: I'm a vegan

Top 10 anime plot twists
Ant is so excited and supportive,  my heart is melting
AWWW MAH GAWWHH’
“There’s a TERTOL!”
I missed you, Sky.
I love the new sky just as much as the old. You can tell he’s having fun either way and the new chill sky is refreshing.
I keep watching auto jump activate. SKY! Will you not turn that off?
Here we go again with Adams unorganised inventory 🤣 never change you mad lad you.
He’s so calm in this, I’ve missed him playing Minecraft
This Is The Most Relaxing Video Of 2019
Yes! I love everything about this!
"did your friends really hold you hostage in room 208 yesterday?"
Awkward pause
"What"
I've been watching a lot of sky'd older videos, and it's very bizarre how calm he sounds in this video compared to the older ones
Sky:*eats beef* I'm a vegan
Man. This reminds me when sky used to be all shy and quiet in his first videos. Hopefully he gets comfortable again and has fun playing 🥰
This is an hour of random conversations and I love it.
Man it’s been like 3-4 years since I’ve played it. I recently played it again and I think I developed muscle memory when I played it
Words I never thought Adam would say - "I don't know how to play Minecraft."
Middle of the night. 
Adam puts his sword away, throws a bone and a carrot and starts munchin on the carrots. 
I love this man
I love how he’s back to being his normal old self and not the one that was very hype just to please kids
Sky you have to join CallmeCarsons SMP Live Minecraft server
Huh, he didnt attack the squids
This seems different
Dude I was like 6-7 when I started watching you and now I’m 15 turning 16 next month
I feel ya on the whole beef thing. I didn't eat a burger for 3 years and tried one recently. I almost threw up.


You're doing great, keep up the good work! <3
I'm pretty sure hes just high asf in all his new vids thats y he sound so monotone😂😂
Diamonds, nah
Budder, yes!
I started watching you when I was 9 and I’m now 16 and I love this so much.

Thanks for this my dude.
I love how the first thing he says is: “ Thurs turtles”

😂

Don’t know why I find it funny but I just do
We always support you sky, it’s great to see you back!
Im shaking and crying i worshipped sky 3 days a week notch would never do this
At the start of the video this sounded like asmr but not too silent.
Been a good minute since i last saw this man!...you plan on joining SMP server?
Almost every 2019 minecraft video:


Youtuber: This is nostalgic


Good days fam xDDD
Youtube: Sky Does Everything Uploaded
Me: insert surprise Shaq meme
Brub MC  hitting us with the comeback, good to see sky playing again,  bajan is back, captainsparklez doing collabs with jerome, battledome happened a few days ago. Glad to see the community come together
Umm...
Hello can I get the wlord seed plz...
This wlord look cool!
i miss sky playing minecraft again!
its been really years since he ever played it again.
Oui this is probably my favorite series of 2019, damn..! Its so interesting to see Sky re-learning everything and learning new! the raw footage is also so- idk! I love it! please continue this series! :D
I cry every vid. 
Time has taken a toll on him skilss
But he is still great mc or not!! 



 also eww squid
I'm so glad he is back, he was my first Youtuber
28:14 You mean Butter dude?
God that hit me
The prophecy always said the king would come back
Yo are you going to play HYTALE, Hypixal’s new game that comes out later this year
Sky acting like he never played Minecraft
You're doing good my man Sky! Keep it up, don't stop the train going on and on
I’m really liking the soft-spoken, chilled out voice Adam’s got going on. Gives this more of a mature, adult feel. 

The long, unedited format is also really relaxing to watch. I hope the series continues like this.
Inner childhood comes out

SKY ARMY
BUDDERSQUAD
sigh The good old days...
Minecraft music starts playing
cries
Ligit this is awesome! I love the collaboration and Sky getting back into Minecraft! This reminds me of the budder ages😂💖
oh my God its hank venom
SKY!!! LOOK FOR BABY TURTLES!!! 
THEY’RE SO SMOL!!!
"how nostalgic" 

What's nostalgic is I started watching you when I was 12 I'm 18 now
Pro tip: no sword spaming and play with a keyboard not a controller
You can’t leave us on a cliffhanger like that Adam
;-; nostalgia
Releases Video
Minecraft Updates
"Dang"
Nestolgic 







Ps:I can't spell
Im so happy that my childhood youtuber is back 😊😀
I'm just coding while this plays in the background. It's nice to hear, though it is interesting to readjust to Adam being so chill this time around. Kinda throws me off a lil, but I'll get used to it, since it's just you being you. :D
Ant: You still have the basics of Minecraft down
Adam: mines at dirt with stone pickaxe as Ant says this



I love you tho Adam. 💛
2018:meme review
2019:mod review, epic jump map review, COPS V ROBBERS REVIEW
You can say this bid is pretty.....
Explodingtnt voice reveal and this?oh boy I'm crying
Oh Boy this reminds me of the old days. AND OH BOY THE INTRO IS BACK. Ya it seems like he needs the recipe book.
Welcome back sky. So happy u keeped you old intro theme
Is this a sign?
28:14 "You Mean Butter Dude" YES
I was anticipating him to start screaming at 5:53 but it was just silence
Its been a while since ive watched Sky. I like this. This is good. Youre doing amazing.
I started watching Adam’s videos so many years ago when he collaborated with Ant. So awesome to see them together again.
Sky: Oh man! this is so nostalgic! 😭😄

Literally what everyone is talking about 😂
But boy I missed yah adam... so glad fortnite is dying...
YES PLAY WITH CALLMECARSON AND THE BOYS OVER AT SMP LIVE. love!!!!!!!
Join the Minecraft SMP Live server!
"I'm betting I'll find diamonds within the next minute"
Ends the video
Play on 480p for maximum nostalgia
I'm actually enjoying this. Vik just did something similar to this but he didn't even really play the game properly. He ended up spawning in things and going in creative a lot, spawning tnt and blowing things up. This is an actual playthrough which I have been yearning for. Thanks Adam!
This fills my heart nostalgically and I can feel the yelling coming.
Oh man, this is strange
Going back in time, with the shitty(ish) mics
The casual attitude
Just fun
He protecc


He atacc


But most importantly




HE LIEK MINECRAFF
Seeing a survival series with Ant and Sky warms my cold dead heart with the embers of nostalgia.
You two just brought my childhood heart back, love this new series Sky, good luck with your treatment!!
Yay sky is getting Ad Revenue
It was really sweet watching Adam slowly get more comfortable
Keep it up sky
This was great btw 
Be safe
Is it just me or is Sky too funny
Nobody:

Ant: tHE mOsT iN thE eNTirE gAMe
Keep it up, Sky! You’re doing great!!
He protecc
He attacc
But most importantly


He eat special snack
sky sounds so tired and forced. keep it up sky we all love you
Epic boi hours







Now ask Carson if u can join his smp
yo you should do another skyblock with the old group
I miss you bro, I was always in the first 1000s to watch your cops and robbers videos. I was like 6 bro
mine craft dont you mean mine kampf
Sky: Plays Minecraft
Sky: Leaves Minecraft for like 1 or 2 years
Sky: Comes back to Minecraft
Sky: “I forgot how to play Minecraft.”
When he said budder :')
Ahhh the memories
THE BUTTER ARMY IS BACK 🤘😃🤘
oh my god. My childhood is coming back. I remember watching you when i was around 8ish and now im 16. Times really does fly! I even have your backpack and some fan mail i never sent. Keep up the great work adam!!
THE BUTTER MAN IS BACK

#theButterningReturns
58 mins of new Minecraft with Sky intro 😭 My childhood is slowly coming
I was just watching old videos of ant and sky. I didnt even know they made a video OH MY G.  WOW
OMG! Sky and Antvenom playing MC together! The MC glory days are back!
Dude, this series is going to be absolutely remarkable.
Eats Beef
Literally 2 seconds later: In this series, we only eat fish.
wait... you're using a controller ? Kappa
🤔 INTRO SOUNDS GOOD
Anyone else cringe every-time misused the recipe book
this is beautiful! :D happy to see you back, sky!
Sky and Ant have the same skin but just a different face and cape.
Keep it up adam we love you dude!
if sky isnt in hermitcraft season 7 im going to be a n g e r e d
This makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside
RIP skydoesminecraft only 200 k in 2 weeks with 11 mill subs remember the days of the prison break and the golden budder slapper# rip
57:10
ma boi got blasted into next week!
Loving this series, keep it up man!
Love you both your and Antvenom' characters are based on Runescape... both wearing Amulets of Glory and Dragon Boots. Is your character wearing Void?
Man i grew up watching sky play minecraft and seeing him return makes me feel old. Keep it up sky your awesome
"How do I craft this again 
I know I know
How do I craft this again"
I think I'm gonna cry-
I remember watching Sky play Minecraft 
Coming home from School and watching Minecraft videos 
😭 This is nostalgic
Nobody:
Village architect: 26:35
Y'all are back it makes me so happy 😍😣my childhood is back aghhhhh I've been here for years
I remember watching Sky back when he first started, I was a smol child. And now here I am,  college freshman, still chillin. 😂😎
I hope we can rebuild the Sky Army and put minecraft back into the golden (budder) age!
The fact he said butter carrots instead of gold carrots just shows me he's definitely the Sky we all know and love. I love this series
this video is defintly one for the books. Love you sky do what you love we understand and thank you for bringing back my/our childhood love you - skyarmy since day one
And he's back, baby! I grew up watching this dude!
OMG sky your back with the Minecraft awesome
dude you need to turn off auto jump
In about 5 minutes already and hears about them most likely adding foxes NYEH?!?!! FOXES?!?! HURRY IT MOJANG BEFORE I HUNT Y'ALL DOWN! I NEED TO HOG THEM FOR MYSELF!
Adam is either tired or on meds. Either way, im insanely happy to see him back😁
You should Join Callmecarson's SMPLive with Ant.
If we're bringing old Sky back, why not some Renegade and Airwaves background music too
Great too se these guys back in the same vid
Since the combat update, I have not been content with armour. 
And before, I used to not use armour because it gave me more of a thrill. 
Now I get more danger than that thrill even with armour.
Watching this makes want to play Minecraft again
28:15 This man is sad, he doesn't even say budder with excitement like he used to😔😔 sky i believe you, you can get through this.
This is the rise of the Sky Army
You're getting back to your roots 
We are getting the sky we need
You're gonna beat the actual hell outta depression
We believe in you Adam
the king is back! and i love how chill he is now, haha
When sky didn’t know how to make a bow, and know there’s a recipe book. 😊👍
you should play on callmecarson's SMPlive server
But does Sky know about Hytale?
16:14 hearing Adam’s tone change to just a little more excited made me smile more than it should have
✌👍🙏🤲🙌🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Mai heart. Mai soul. MaI nOsTaLgIa!1!1!
Sky milk can cure you from poison quickly.😁
Adam has been re-accepted into the GAMER'S CLUB™
I love how chill Sky is through most of this
Oh and btw hope bacon man comes back
This is EXACTLY HOW I COMMENTATE
Play with AntVenom, a more laid back person than a group of people who try to hype everything up by screaming lol
This is what im talking about
Adam playing a survival game, with Antvenom to update him on the new stuff.
Such nostalgia, many wow
He's back, for real this time, I love it, Minecraft is back.

10 year old 2013 nostalgia
Bro just click the shield you dont need to actually craft it
Man this is so nostalgic. 😂💕
That opening will never not make me smile mah cheldhuuuuuuud!!!!
This isn't a negative comment, but it's like his first ever Minecraft videos back around 2010 or 2011 or even further, except the sound and recording is much better.
I hope you get the energy and hope back to continue, Adam. We're still here; the Sky Army unites.
Ive missed him so much
Butter,wewewewew,try not to laugh, hide and seek, cop and robbers, death run and now completely vanilla
So much has passed and now were back to where we started. Keep it up sky, love you
he got his mic quality back
What's the seed to this world? Because it's beautiful!
This feels like we’re back in the golden age of Minecraft just plan old survival
I’m so glad you haven’t been lost to fortnite
You were my first YouTuber I ever watched and I thought you deleted your Chanel
Ant sounds so different now it’s weird, but the nostalgia is still hitting me hard.
Dude this video is awesome you two keep up the good work.
God. I miss him just screaming BODIL FORDDDYY
Thanks for the nostalgic tip and thanks for the memories
Oh gosh, the nostalgia. Glad you’re back, Sky. It’s been a while since I’ve watched these videos, but I still enjoy them. <3
This makes me so sad
So nostolgic 😣
I'm so happy antvenom is still with sky! True friendship😌
Who else is happy to hear the old intro?
Watching your intro again brings back memories.
Sky You are gonna be fine keep up the great work
Well, this was nice. Thanks for this.
I like how when ant mentiond the cartigrifer sky clickedon one and walked right bye
I like how when ant mentiond the cartigrifer sky clickedon one and walked right bye
I knew it! Antvenon and sky has the same intro audio. This confirms it!!
The Cartographer gives you the Maps... not the librarian.... libririan only gives you enchanted books xD sky literally talk to the cartographer.. villager wearing white
Something I was taught for diamond mining: turn in coordinates, and go down to the ground level 11-13. Then dig and diamonds are easier to find
You have no idea how much I cried when I saw this video. The nostalgia hit me hard
Hope sky has more energy next episode
"The descent into insanity begins once more..."
Adam let me tell you that you've just brought my amazing childhood back. Thank you!
ADAM. When your good again, are you going to do more parkour maps with like deadlox or Jerome
Walks past blacksmith 

Face plam
💀
I GREW UP WATCHING YOUR MINECRAFT VIDEOS ASWELL AS ALL THE PEOPLE IN TEAM CRAFTED I'M GLAD UR BACK SKY
early bois rise up
Antvenom would teach you how to craft a shield, but not Jschlatt. Lol.
I remember the try not to laugh.... I was only 4 in 2011.... Man sky you have great friends to play with you all I have is my brothers 😭😭
creeper explodes
adam: halp
Welcome back to minecraft skydoeseverything
Adam i love you but pleaseeeee put torches down ;-; my eyes hurt still even though my brightness is all the way up
IM GLAD YOURE BACK BUT I FELL ITA NOT THE SAME AGAIN YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN SORRY FOR WRONG GRAMMAR
Keep it going Sky. We love you and hope to see more!
DID HE SAY...


BUDDER ?
You are one of the most inspirational people and I just want to say, we as your army will support you forever. Get better sky and we have your back💙
My heart is swelling up "Hey guys sky here" wow it feels nicee
Funny sky, april fools was 17 days ago
this? is so chill god wholesome minecraft boys is back
Ever compared Adam to what he was up till now like he changed a lot but we all know we still love him

Also the FOV is much different from now to back then
This is so nostalgic and nice! I was struggling a lot with English in school and watching sky improved my English massively. That was five years ago, when I was like eleven years old. So thank you Adam, you helped me much more than my extra homework ever did
remember that time you played Pixelmon with munchingbrotato TY and Jason i love those vid
Make your minecraft mentor proud
i love this so much, please make more :,)
actually if you put a torch underneath gravel it will automatically mine them all at once
Oh my god the intro is back yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Want some more nostalgia? Why dont you play Cops and Robbers?
AntVenom: "Carrots by themselves are not great but if we collect gold ingots or gold nuggets we can actually create golden carrots and golden carrots are one of the best pieces of food in the entire game."

Sky: "...You mean budder, dude?"

Oh my god, I never knew I needed you two to make videos again.
the good old times back at last <3
Why can’t sky eat meat
Bruh 3:35 “glass recipe?” You cook glass. Ugh, noob.
two of my childhood YouTubers in one video! 
my heart is melting ;(
Sounds weird hearing calm sky unlike his old videos where he was getting hyped for the kids watching but I'm ok with anything as long as he is ok.
getting someone like etho in the series would be really interesting since he focuses on extremely complex things with redstone and building with adam who hasn't played regular survival in years and antvenome who is just kinda average would be really fun
hankvenom with the green top house
Do some more parkcore!!!
Right as the creeper exploded at the beginning, a car alarm went off outside where I live
This reminds me of Kawhi Leonards laughter 15:14
Hey sky do some more Crafting Dead plz it was the best and still is
58 Fing minutes of sky and antvenom
used to watch this dude back in 2012
HE IS BACK! THE BUDDA HAS LIVED ON!
REMEMBER THE PARKOUR VIDEOS WITH DEADLOX?? OH MY GOD. CLASSIC
Holding torches in your offhand makes light I think
Ya remember the good old days....now I just watch pewdiepie and memes
Just one thing for me long time fan since 2013, please turn up your sensitivity
Plz play with @Callmecarson
This is good content, keep it up.
The most nostalgic part of sky isn't his voice, personality, etc., it's his skin's hand
adam sounds so out of it and ant is still his mc youtuber self
Are these new videos or reuploads, if they’re new videos my life is great
Play with ross barny and mad max again i miss them
woah... childhood flashes before my eyes
i like this series, it's like the 2013s for me, just plain and simple minecraft.
ill be waiting for the moment he joins smplive
Woahhhh I'm super late on this but damnn skydoesminecraft is back 😢
Ahhh it's not the village and pillage update
Hey do you know when Carson is streaming?
what happened didnt sky quit minecraft a few years ago 
also ive been seeing him and a few older minecraft youtubers either becoming relevant again or playing again
This dude said he is vegan bruhhhh i mean kinda nostalgic but turned into a bih lowkey
When I saw that hoard of squids...ah, I absolutely loved that. Too perfect.
I'm so excited it says "EP 1"
7:40-8:00 AntVenom trying to be nice
this is very relaxing ♡
53:10 to 54:15 
H E S  B A C K
HES BACK BOIS
Holy crap baskets
Waiting for a just jump map
Loved the video! Didn’t realize it was 58 minutes long till the video was over haha
I so want this world. What's the seed?
Don’t Minecraft under the influence 
If u smoke u know what’s going on
I like this series. ANOTHER!
Dude i was like 6 or 7 when i subscribed to you
*eats raw meat* 
10 seconds later
dude I’m kind of conflicted about killing these animals. We should only eat fish.
Antvenom on SMPLive: is mocked for not knowing a single thing
Proceeds to teach someone everything for a whole hour
Adam! Welcome back, fellow brother, we thought we lost you forever.
The legends are true...



The old gods have returned...
No Ant. I am not mad about the gold. I am mad about you leaving The Butter
I'm fixing to cry. This is so awesome to see this dude back at it and bettering himself
You can"t craft glass in a CB you burn sand in a furnace LOL.
28:14 thank me later
28:15 Mah Boi FINALLY SAID IT!
A god minecraft game breaker

Teaching an og who left minecraft and came back
I missed this so much 😭😭😭
Sky we love you with much homo bro. Keep up the content watching this is making me feel like a kid again.
Weed changed this man
next update has foxes and new villagers! cant wait until he's caught looking at a ravager
Oof, the wave of nostalgia that just hit me. Glad you guys are having fun playing Minecraft
ant and sky, sky and jerome, sky and deadlox, glad to see they're back, and more importantly skys back!
picaxe on sand. it hurts my eyes
The nostalgia brought tears to my eyes.
Adam, you gotta get in Carson’s server, that would be quite epic
Early squad





The end game boss should be a huge squid
Plz play with callmecarson live
omg i missed him (the cringe xD)
oof, everything has changed so much since I've last played Minecraft on PC, everytime Adam left items on the crafting bench I expected him to drop items, it's so infuriating that it changed... Anyway, love to see Adam play again!
That intro brought back memories.
my question is will he still need therapy everytime after seeing a squid again like the old times
It really is amazing watching sky play after all this time. I’ve watched him since I was in the fourth grade.
Hey is this series going to continue? I really like this chill playthrough
A god is being reborn
hmm a nice wholesome close up of a Squid Orgy
Screaming into a Mic everyday does a number on the throught so whisper\talk and play Minecraft.
#getskyonsmplive
This should be a live stream
Seeing Adam laugh makes me so happy
I remember like 6 years ago watching your Minecraft videos 😭
Does this mean Sky is able to join the Carson server because he knows Hankvenom?
Sky’s voice literally change from high and loud to low and quiet
The sound of Adams voice lifted me up from my bad day.
You should bring Michaelmcchill on maybe next time! He's been working with a lot of the new stuff.
7:56 so this just became New Neebsylvania?
I got myself back in to Minecraft last month, and Adam is playing Minecraft again with his friends after all these years.


nostalgia is hittin hard boi's.
:00000000000000000000000000
Great video. I've learned a couple of things here whilst still being piqued watching you and ant having a reunion.
Stay strong Sky!
It saddens me that adam isnt as hype or as loud as before
Jeez... Sky lost his enthusiasm... where's the balls to the wall Butter yelling Sky we used to know?
You should join Carson’s smp live server
Love youuu ❤️❤️❤️
*sees video and that its an hour long*
Pls do it more sky it is nice to watch you play minecaft again at age of 19
ohhhh that intro..
Thay was the most depressing sky intro ever I'm sorry
I am happy to see out leader back in action and will dust off my budder armor and proudly wear it again
god bless the flu for letting me stay home today
We can all agree this is all CallMeCarson's doing.
My childhood has returned to me lads, and probably to a bunch of you guys too, thank you Sky/Adam, we love you man.
This video will also teach me because i havent played in a long time
SKYDOESMINECRAFT AYYYYYEEE🔥
Yo what if he brings back Minecraft Universe and they play an Epic Jump map?
yes your back when you left i cried
What, Ant actually doing a let’s play? I’m shocked.
Sky update it to Minecraft 1.14 when it releases.
Yes you should teach a 1.13 minecraft
Wooden pickaxe: what is my purpose

Players: you mind three blocks of stone
Top ten best anime reunions
"Help."
I love this. It brings back the old days when I first started watching in 2012-2013.
*hits antvenom with sword
I'm here to help
How patient Antvenom, the Demigod of minecraft is with unknowing, noob Adam is amazing haha.
Holy h*ck I forgot how much I love his voice
antvenom, my man. Have ya know sky, antvenom is a continuous minecraft dude, learn by suckin his knawlejx
Its been a while :)
It's been 2 years since I last played minecraft.... I've been playing skyrim a lot
Ksi really hit deep huh😭
My childhood Is back.
like/dislike ratio is legendary damn
Adam it kinda seems like you don't  have energy or so what but I believe in you and do what you truly love
i still remember your long and old intro, still like it to this day
"save me"
Im getting hit by a serious wave of nostalgia.
I question why, ant didn't mention phantoms on the first night
That intro has my heart BEATING! Aaah!
OMG I love antvenom. I miss all of you guys. I hope one day you all will be in a video together like the old days😊😊😊
This video just brought me so much happiness. It made me think of my childhood. You know, when nothing really mattered...
OH GOD THE MEMORIES THEY’RE COMING BACK
Remember adam, DONT DIG STRAIGHT DOWNN!!!!!!
Hearing that intro hit the nostalgia train hard
Hope ur doing well sky, much calmer and quieter than usual
I'm happy Adam is playing mine craft again but I don't want him to push himself to do this but I love just watching vanilla minecraft and watching people having fun
It's been five thousand years.
i was in a hurry so i watched the whole video on 2x speed and i like how clear you guys sound on 2x speed 

p.s i watched all ads
You should us the map that the games give you
Your connecting to your primel roots adam, so familiar. A tender feeling in your heart while you are doing what you use to do in the past. I like that feeling, and i'm sure you like that feeling too. Cuase it brings so many merorys.

I remember when I first discover youtube and I WACTH so many videos, but the one I found was you. Since minecraft was out those days. I remember getting out of school and wacthing you with my sister. 

Ahh, those were the days.
He's missed alot! Especially the updates
the good all days
I love that we're going back to some of the old crew. Deadlox, Jerome, Ant. Who's next? Find out on the next exciting episode of Dragon Ball Z!
i remember watching skys videos on the mac computer and my brother telling me “stop watching that he said a bad word”
You cant sleep need a mob spawner withought torches it wont allow that
And roplay series
Welcome back to another episode of lobby...
I mean, MINECRAFT SURVIVAL!
The old skydoesmc intro is nostalgic
All yall mf that saying he has demotivation or whatever needa chill lmao. This mf just a stoner now let the man chill in peace.
the cartographer is the one with the map
50:04 BUTTER!!!
I'm crying 
Its been years and I'm so happy
lmao this is gonna be *good*.
It's good to see good ol' Sky playing Minecraft again... it feels right...
Sky is so depressed but I'm glad hes doing minecraft again.
28:37 surprisingly a war hasn't started when sky saw those squids
And they said Avengers was the best crossover
Some raw, real, gameplay, YES
Ant Venom is Ye Olde Sage of Minecraft
When and why is sky a Pescetarian?

Maybe he has been like this for years but I’m only asking since I haven’t watched sky since 2015
He protec
He attac
but most importantly in this message...




he kem bac
This brings me back to 2012
I'm legit crying to see sky back in minecraft ohhh my childhood just came back
You should play with Ross again
Hey sky  if you see this In the new update  there will be crossbow a enemy Crossing near Village they will be there or not but be careful they have crossbow to
Watching old try not to laugh videos before this 😂 memories 😔
hold control to sprint
Okay ant venom is in trouble now
o wow...
Skys voice is much softer...
I WANT THE "AAAAAAA" SKYDOES
a lot of people are complaining about his attitude. Guys, if you've been supporting him from the VERY start you would know that this was how he talked back then. Does anyone remember his first survival series? The chicken roommate ? The big ass wooden 'house' he made? Does anybody remember how CHILL he was before and how he sounds like a normal human being?
Instead of complaining why not try to understand him? 
Let him be. 
Youtubers are human. He is also human.
Please bring back Ross I need the best epic duo possible
SKY IS DOING MC AGAIN 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
sky talk to callmecarson and join smp live
29:36, Witch's are powerful but aren't too powerful, the most powerful I'd say is either the Witch or the Endermen, the Creeper would be next.


, Beetroot Soup is indeed a thing.


, You are doing extremely well for someone who hasn't played Minecraft let alone done anything with Minecraft as a whole, so you're still a living legend =)


This video is awesome, thanks Ant, thanks Sky =)
ant keeps referring to it as gold. clearly need to spend more time with our boi here
I'm just going to leave this here.

Stal.
Good hint for zomib sponers. Dran them and if there waring armer they drop it undamaged. And ypu can get a lost of gold and also iron swords. Hehhehe its op as can be. Try it. it is.
sky is so dull sounding       its weird from watching his hilarious upbeat attitude in the do not laugh then listening to this


its kinda sad
I fell so happy when he started playing minecraft again
Sky doesn’t seem really exciting about playing. Feels like his First video.
Butter!!!

Sky will lead the army to victory! Glory to Sky!

Also nice video, glad you are back.
I remember when I 6 watching you play and now that I’m 14 I am still subscribed
This video was awesome and gave me a bunch of memories but I was triggered when they didn't get the blacksmith
Dope start to the series, nothing more, nothing less.
Glad your back man
why is the resolution so low it looks all pixelateddddd explainnnn
Sky shift click to make stuff faster instead of dragging things like a furnace
This is awesome, guys can me get 5 likes!!!!!!
I’m now reliving my childhood. Love.
Yo where notification squad at
he eas stoned in this just trippin playing some minecraft haha
THE GLACIER SEED SUCH A THROWBACK
Cartographer villagers give you maps
Ant and Sky 1.14 is coming on April 23rd, 2019 or Next Tuesday.
I hope team crafted comes back together
Last Watched when i was 11 and now im 17. Feels good man
Do you think you would ever colab with Aphmau (Jess) again?
This is so heart hurting I c a n t
I thought you stopped Minecraft?
He’s back, my boi is back
Love that he's back, just a little sad he's not the same energy. I mean I know he'll never be the same, but I mean the energy he had when he was filming. But we're here through thick and thin. <3
You should use the new Minecraft textures
he's finally back
I love how calm he seems now more than the hyper sky I grew up with I’m so glad your back to Minecraft
Legends never die
The perfect birthday gift
godam we got spoiled with the shaders mod pack and music he use to have in the background 😩
It’s good to see my childhood returning, we all really appreciate you Sky, glad to hear a relaxed voice like the old days, I can’t tell you how many days you’ve helped me through stuff, keep doing what you are doing Sky, we are always here for you! ^^
Now this, this is the reunion we needed
I hate and love how nostalgic this is.
UP Nostalgia meme kicks in
I remember watching sky every morning before i went to school
YOU FORGOT THE BLACKSMITH
FOV slider plz
Sky bring back Cops n Robbers please!!!!! <3
I can't believe that five years after I was really into Sky's and Antvenom they.. they came back together and are producing good ol content 😫 I'm so happy to see this
You won't tame my kind
I saw this video and I started crying
Fucc yes keep doing this sky
bros chilling playing Minecraft
I like the calm atmosphere.
I needed this video too lmao
Welcome back 
We missed u
Man, sky doin a let’s play man I’m getting flash backs and stuff, him just like rediscovering the game with his bud is like awesome and chill at the same time
I love how he gets spooped by all the new mobs, “there, there are turtles”, sees llama, “What the heck is that?!”, ah, just you wait Adam, just you wait. 

Also
Antvenom: “One of these trades a treasure map I think, we need to find a librarian I feel like.”
Adam, look at the Cartographer: well it doesn’t say librarian guess it’s not it so I won’t say anything! 

Ah well, they’ll find it eventually
Has anyone noticed that sky has lost his energy from his older videos
waiting for the day he gets gold and calls it butter
Ah time to relearn the crafting recipes
WE NEED SKY ON THE MINECRAFT SMP WITH CARSON
3 ravines wow 😮
Will he still be making music though? Also the king has returned to his butter throne
My 2 child hood heroes, back in a video together plaing mincraft. I couldn't ask for anything better.
I really do hope Sky is doing this because he himself wants to and is not just giving into people asking for him to do this again.






I also do very much enjoy the calm casual coop survival type series. The ones that have episodes around an hour long, no cuts. Just pure gameplay
This is great to see
28:14 ahh, I love how Sky still remembers 😂
We’re back boys 😈🥵🥴
Sky’s... I guess more hyper “persona” would need to build up again, that’s why he sounds just.... chill I suppose
How high were u making this
Minecraft childhood legend
Oh look it's sky playing with his brother
I love how sky found the cartographer and left
Jesus Christ is the Second Coming of Minecraft
Anyone else screaming when Adam found the map dude
ouf please make thumbnails better, they hurt my eyes.
Sky low key seems like an introvert
28:43
I swear if the creatures decides to revisit Minecraft but without Jordan. That will be a huge nostalgia hype. The og minecrafter that swear or never use over hyper child friendly voice is a good youtuber in my book
Adam thanks for uploading this! Brought back so much nostalgia
Now we need husky truemu and everybody else back
How'd they make a private server?
Why does sky sound so sarcastic and lifeless in the video
Ant venom and Tewty sound the same
Wait is this really sky in 2019?
As nostalgic and funny this is, please make content that you thoroughly enjoy. If you don't enjoy this game like you used to, like you've said before, don't push yourself to play it. :(
Haven't seen that intro in so long. The nostalgia...
Adam do you remember team crafted ( i still love it , and sometimes go back and watch them )
UP NEXT "Ant Venom and sky play COPS AND ROBBERS :D
COPS AND ROBBERS PLS
Yesssss, this is what I’m talking about, the sincerity of the video and the energy of it, I appreciate what you’re doing for the fans and most importantly for yourself, hope you get better Adam, be it how it is <3 (marijuana isn’t a depressant! It is a hallucinogen, not REALLY tho)
THE OG’S ARE SLOWLY REUNITING. YESSS!!!!!
Ant is such an amazing teacher!
Ant is such a great guy
the nostalgia is killing me
Do any of you guys remember when sky trolled ant on a custom PvP server
..... One word......
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Budder
I just got 16 minutes in Is it me or is he not a energetic and happy as he used to be back in 2013
I couldn't tell at first, but I think Sky has auto-jump on.
forgot the black smith
I cant tell if sky is really depressed or really high 😂. I hope its the latter
Most chill minecraft ever ?
Tell jason to come back
Sky what's up. Your voice seems upset.
This is helpful for me too since I’m thinking of trying out Minecraft again but I haven’t played in a long time
its been so long since i have seen your minecraft videos the nostalgia is real
This video makes me really happy!
The into got my feelings
I love you
While you are on the nostalgic topic, you should bring back pokècraft(edit pixelmon)
Sky once u get your mojo back can u do crazycraft with fluffy
It makes sad that Adam isn’t as energetic as he used to be playing Minecraft 😭
I'm ligit crying, this , this makes me so fucking happy, watching him get to know the game that helped build him up, and I get the honor to actually watch it happen first hand this is just amazing to me.
Dam. I remember always watching sky's videos before life went to basically complete crap.
They sound so enthusiastic.








xD haLp
You should play 1.14 now
53:20 "boo"
Sky+Ant videoes are always adorable
adam, you didn't loot the blacksmith building in the village
It's pure irony that one of the most famous Youtubers to have their channels built on the foundation of Minecraft doesn't know how to play modern 1.13/1.14 Minecraft.
Adam laughing makes me so happie
Also 50:15 butter on your right
In glad he's back I didn't want to grow up without him
that intro
sky, here is a tip, once you have iron, go down to y level 13, to check press f3, once you are there just dig around because that is the level that is best to search for diamonds
People leaving Minecraft for 1.9  Java update. Why leave Minecraft and not play Bedrock instead?
We need da ROOoOsSS
What about Captain Sparkles

Oh wait he’s busy
The intro hit me
when will sky play minecraft with callmecarson
I had one of the biggest smile while watching this
the return of the king
jschlatt has entered the lobby
He sounds board
42:12 hmmmm
Is sky ok.?? I haven’t watched in a while and he seems different
Ah the Master Anthony Venomous is lending his aide
I live for this. 
Also, go inside the blacksmith in the village to get the goodies.
45:00 ant lemon the genius
5:59 save me ant (sounds like save me aunt)
Who else gets chest pains when they see someone break a crafting table with a pick axe?
i miss him playing minecraft
Pls respond
Sky should join SMP live
The revival of the king
hello im early
You can get nametags from fishing.
i started watching when i was 11, im 19 now.
My childhood memories of prison break and other minigames of sky and his friends are coming back ;-; 
Welcome back to Minecraft. 👍
Return of the king
Okay so like I THOUGHT YOU WERE IN A MENTAL HOSPITAL
Sky PLEASE join SMP live
This Adam guy needs to play more Minecraft.
Man this makes me so happy, I’ve missed Adam
Is that hankvenom
I miss do not laugh with people like max, ross, and red! Will we ever get that back Adam or is that gone forever?
NANI!?
20:14 Omg that chuckle...
After learning that he's been struggling with depression for a long time, hearing a genuine chuckle from him is so heartwarming, ESPECIALLY when he's not putting on a fake voice throughout the video!
The King has Returned!
This is a great series
We need episode 2
He's preparing Adam for the smplive server
God I missed this
SKY IS SUBBED TO TSERIES
4 years ago sky quit minecraft, now the minecraft god is back
42min in I think we’re 23 mins in xD
Please join the minecraft smp
He sounds so tired of the past and is just taking his time going back to what made him happy and it’s almost like he lost it. 
It’s kind of, weirdly beautiful? He just sounds so pure and clueless playing this.
0 dislikes My Life is Fulfilled
Revive of Minecraft? 🤔🤔
you roasted ksi
It sounded like Antvenom scripted the wholr episode
Finally, after so long, sky does minecraft
After we're all satisfied with our intense nostalgia trips, and Sky wants to switch it up again, wouldn't it be dope to see him experience 2b2t?
Antvenom only making it Not boring since he's like, the only one who's just chitchatting everything
HE ATTACK BUT MOST IMPOTENTLY HE _BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:D
You should play on CallMeCarson’s server
You doin smp live?
I love how Sky's voice is so chill now and he used to be screaming WEEEZY
Team Crafted FTW!
Explain this atheists
OUR KING IS BACK
I missed you sky!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
The way this map is generating xd. AntVenom's curse of breaking maps is following him here as well
this viideo made me sad because sky just isnt in it and SkyDoesntMinecraft anymore
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Wow what a great ending.
im a pescatarian too lmao
Hello!!❤❤
Can you plz bing Barney,Ross,red,and max?
Hey guys Hankvenom here
Sky you need to join CallMeCarson’s SMP Server
I missed this I really did
I'm so hyped that you're back :)
I needed this
i haven't watched your videos since you came back after "quitting" i remember coming home from school watching your videos everyday from way back when you played with dawn through you quitting skydoesminecraft with a few breaks in between. I turn 18 this year and i think this series might bring me back to watching you again. Im glad to see you're doing good these days and i look forward to your future vids!
Better crossover than infinity war
'Aight he's back.
AHHH THE DYNAMIC DUO
play on 2b2t.org >:)
Creepa.... AW MAAN
Ship guys?? Yes??
I miss you and antvenom playing Minecraft
Why is sky so quiet
A dive into my childhood :,D
Sky: "can I tame turtles"

Antvenom: "You can tame foxes soon"
I'm gonna finish this series no matter what happens
The gods have spoken....

Let the ship SKYVENOM SAIL AGAIN!
It’s so weird to watch his older videos and have him basically know everything but now Adam forgot the core functions. Not complaining, it’s just weird to me.
When will sky play with call me Carson
Wait a minute... I’m so confused.... I DIDNT KNOW HE CAME BACK WHAT THE HECK OMG MY CHILDHOOD
I recently was rewatching all the skydoesminecraft videos hoping more will come 😭
47:34 - Iamond would be a cool alternative name for steel since it's made of iron and carbon 😅
Nostalgia hits back!
UP PIANO MUSIC STARTS
I can't even find a village after days of looking and these 2 come back from the depths of dead youtubers and get a village first day 😑
Who like minecraft
I missed the butter intro
Just leaving this for myself 47:35
Omfg he’s back!!
He sounds tired XD
I really hope he comes back to his past self... a blast from the past
How about Antvenom teaches you how to play bedwars on Hypixel :)
Is anyone else annyod over them n
Sky and Ant:Don’t mind us we’re just gonna take these crops!

Villagers:-_-
He even looks like your mentor with the amulet
Nostalgia overload.
Yesss another vid
ITS BACK!
sky sounds like he is done wit everything
this is so calming
20k likes for a wither fight
So uh why isnt he screaming anymore?
Adam needs to go on CallmeCarson’s Minecraft Server
Ladies and gentlemen. We got em.
sky you better get on carsons server
YOU DIDNT CHECK THE BLACKSMITH CHEST
Why does Sky sound so emotionally dead
But I feel like the audio is messed up or not how it should feel like sky’s voice
😭😭😭😭 sky your amazing
SkyDoesNostalgia
Every time I watch Sky I get like Vietnam flashbacks + Nastalgia
How many times did Venom day ‘good to go’?
I would rename this nostalgia the movie
SMPlive or riot
i was 11 now im 17 :_)
Play on callmecarson’s server while streaming!!!
“Save me”
So, who's gonna tell him that theres lanterns now.
Sky. I believe in you.
Its almost 60 minutes
Only need 1 wooden item the Wooden Pick.

So what about the Wooden Hoe
Dude, the cartographer was right there.
Nostalgia overload
Guys its hankvenom
28:00  BUTTER!!
Join the smp live server
10:56 he finally finds the brightness setting
Butter on carrots huh? Sounds delicious
Jeff
Vlog vids?
Nostalgia!
42:13 - 26 27 minutes in...
it will never be the same, like a few years ago... :(
I got really emotional watching this for some reason
I got really emotional watching this for some reason
Oh, you're back
oh i love it... the asmr of it all
If you're looking for a good challenge, try 2b2t.org! It's minecraft's 2nd oldest server, and has NO RULES.

The people there would pose a true challenge for your recently returning Sky Army as well. Ask AntVenom about the server, he knows it very well.

Alternatively, FitMC has access to libraries worth of knowledge regarding this most unique of places in the Minecraft mythos.
Should’ve joined callmecarson’s server lol
sky let play terraria
That blacksmith...the one most important thing in a village...missed... still watching the video so don't come for me
I haven't seen sky does everything in two year now
49:44
Two bros, chilling in their own beds, 5 feet apart cause they’re not gay. 😂
omg this is awesome
That one creeper right at the end of the video
Adam seems so chill in the beginning
Hank?
Dawg I spilt my hot choclate on my shorts.








It was good. Just like dis vid
Sky on the  smp live server?
BuT wHeRe'S sTaL?
My childhood has returned
This makes me really happy.
Yu just got home from school too? 





I’m going to sleep what if I wake up with 2500 subs💕💕
Am i high, or does Antvenom sounds like a male elastigirl
all he needs now is yer boi jordonian
Anyone else confused in there voices
Antvenom: I bet I'll find diamonds in the next minute
video ends
But seriously tho, I thought I was back in 5th grade in 2014 watching old minecraft videos, I was so into this
My inner childhood is screaming
How long has it been
I love butter
Oh god I haven’t watched a Minecraft Video from you in a long time
Adam/Sky (whichever you'd prefer-) I really hope you enjoyed being able to play Minecraft along with Antvenom again, I'm not sure what you went through in your life outside of youtube, but I really, truly and sincerely hope you're doing better! Its good to see you playing again, but please know that if you dont feel comfortable uploading Minecraft anymore, (Im not trying to demand that you stop uploading Minecraft or something if you do enjoy it, by all means do as you wish, I will personally watch any video you upload) I urge you not to push any limits you dont think you can pass, especially with pressure coming from subscribers. We're here to watch your videos and be entertained but also to help in any way we can! to see you posting Minecraft again is indeed nostalgic to all of your viewers!

Anyways, I hope you get the chance to read this, and if not thats cool too! I hope you have a lovely day & or night :)
And Barny
49:40
Sky needs to join smp
sky does everything.... do u do die?
the NOSTALGIA
This'll probably get buried, but thank you so much for doing this again Sky. I am just tearing up with nostalgic memories. I used to watch you eight or so years ago doing these survival episodes and just seeing this again, not gonna lie, it was impossible for me to shed a few tears :)). Thanks for doing this again, I think it's safe to say that you've made thousands of kids have a really awesome childhood. You're a blessing.
THE NOSTALGIA AHHHH
Vegancraft
On console you don't have to wait for a cool down for a weapon
hello, mr hankvenom
He sound so sad 😞
101 #1
YASSSSS
I found a zombie spawner right next to one of my spawns and I turned it into my base
Adammmm you sound so depressed bud
everyone liked that
What a throw back to when I was 11 :,)
sky sounds so sarcastic and uninterested its funny
You sound so different from your old videos.
Play with CallMeCarson
Minecraft 101 Episode 2: SkydoesRedstone. Featuring Mumbo Jumbo and Iskall and the window person at your local chinese resturant.
I can already tell I’m gonna be obsessed with this series
Haha lol
its weird to see sky play this game again
I have killed five in one day
lovely wholesome minecraft lets play, even better than the old days because it is a teacher and a student, rather than them all not knowing what to do lol
you should branch out from minecraft, i like your personality its a shame you only play this game really.
I’m an OG fan I’ve been a fan since 100k and it’s so amazing to see how far you’d come. I can’t lie creating a new survival server and punching trees is so nostalgic. I remember when I was following you and antivenoms server and I beat the ender dragon for my first time legit in 2012. You were such an inspiration. I hope you get help with your depression.
This made me cry
Daddy is back!!!
Man, to think that the moment I actually care about Sky's content is when he is relearning Minecraft. I never really was an avid watcher of his Minecraft content back in the day, since I wasnt really for the type of stuff that he did. However, now I actually feel like I'm in the same spot that he is, entering a world that I havent dived into fully for a long time, and re-learning the ropes along with him. I think that everybody who has played Minecraft at some point in their lives and them stopped for a while might be able to really enjoy this series.
Memories dude memories
Decent Comment 

Those people: "uNdERaDeted cOmMEnt"
I didn't check how long this went for and thought "oh just 10 minutes of Sky yay" but then I checked the time like 3 minutes later and I was like "HOLY CRAP!!!  ALMOST AN HOUR WITH SKY?  HELL YEAH"
OMG AM I BLIND? FINALLY!1!1!1!!1
god adam is so gloomy in his tone and ant is super motivated but most of all its quiet just like old skydoesminecraft ahhh the nostalgia
hes so depressed XD
Ant there sounds like he is still doing one of his videos
Budder armor a quids
Yeah yeet! Sky learns how to minecraft. Only started watching but a few tips to minecraft survival. I don’t know how much you remember of minecraft because there’s been quite a lot of updates in the past year. 
Don’t stay in the water for to long, there’s underwater monster.
Don’t go into a woodland mansion without good gear, blocks and good weapons.
Don’t waste iron or diamonds on a hoe.
Staircase and strip mine when mining.
Be careful. 
Don’t mine straight down.
If traveling to different realm put important stuff in a chest.
Try not to stay out at night.
For a starter house don’t build big.
Comment other tips, I’m not to great at survival myself.
Ah yes, HankVenom and SoyDoesHeroin
22:00 r/whoosh ;_;
HANK
Adam seems really out of it during this video.. Is it just me?
SKY GO TO 1.14.1
This is great!
This is just nostalgic and calming and entertaining. It's just classic Minecraft, two friends talking about random things without being overly energetic to appeal to an audience. I needed this.
You were so chill weird
THE OLD DAYYYYYSS
So many memories
I love sky’s videos but don’t you think that he should be a little more excited
Is crazy craft a posability to come back?
Real fans remember turtle Adam
Sky try 2b2t
Its 20mineteen babey!
It's hank venom
HEY GUYS SKY HERE 😍😍😍🥰😍🥰🥰
This is so weird
Adam sound high AF 🔥🔥🔥
U know im booting up mc rn
You missed the black smith house
Will never understand these dislikers...
Its so cool that he’s back. My childhood is flooding back tome, but I wish he didn’t sound so sad all the time and he had a bit more excitement
Adem I think you should collab with Ross(aka yourpalross) to have a good laugh
This is the most ambitious cross over event in history
Join 2b2t
You should add ssundee into this series
Like if you agree
I'm out of the loop, why did Adam go back to Minecraft? I thought he didn't like it anymore
oh look at that. that is so cool :|
Blacksmith building?? Usually has good stuff
Fix your settings
29:54
My childhood😭
Is this real
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
hey sky, it’s been 5 years since i watched a vid from you (last one was modded cops n robbers) and i’m so happy to start watching your vids again
Ant venom still plays Minecraft for fun? I thought he just does reviews I remember when antvenom did Minecraft skits like fnaf and so on
So is he gonna be a content creator again or is he gonna ditch us again
The world breaks because of antvenom
27:13-Sky actually found the treasure map trader, the cartographer, I am sure they trade you these maps as well in java. Such as the wood land mansion and the ocean monument
He went though phases
I wanna know what's the specs of Adam's pc
Minecraft is about to rebirth yey
a legand is reborn
Omg my childhood is back !
SQUID 28:23
YES
this sounds .. awkward
There was a squared!!!!!
Yaaaaaay
Ayyy pescatarian gang! Mine is more for health reasons tho, I also really dislike pork and not a big fan of beef.
He sounds so disinterested
He is back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jesus christ
you sound so depressed sky :(
Like the old days (2013)
YOOO
Yeah Adam yeah! ADAM YEAH, he’s back!
I miss watching you as a kid
There is a cooldown on mining
It's been years omg
My childhood is back
So glad hes back playing Minecraft, sky was my childhood hero and when he left it was a sad day.
Did I just time travel back to 2013??? Oh my god the nostalgia
Why did people stop watching sky
Lol y’all didn’t loot the forge in the village
YES
why do you sound like that
Hoo boy, y'all are kickin it up in Minecraft again around the same time the Yogscast start their Diversity 3 series. We truly are entering a Renaissance for the game, let's hope it lives long and well.
Play with jschlatt now
Please do cops and robbers
Oh my childhood memories, this is so heartwarming to watch
world seed?
I feel like I went back 6 years
why are you subbed to t series?
Be careful! They’re heroes.
the boys are back
He’s slowly coming back to us, throughout the episode he slowly got more and more loud and energetic, it’s like he’s fully restarting, learning the game and learning YouTube again
sky isnt old hes aged like a fine cheese
Nostalgia
he sounds so sad and unmotivated..but it makes me so happy seeing him play this again, or at least giving it a shot. i’ve been watching him since i was 5-6 and i’m 14 now
he-he's bACK?????
You say you're good but you don't remember you can burn wood to make charcoal  just a tip
Time for 1.14
This isn't the same. You just sound so unenthusiastic.
I can’t believe he’s playing minecraft again and I only just FOUND OUT?????
Hey guys, welcome to year of nostalgia And Minecraft
Adam u ok??
 
U know u don’t have to play this if u don’t want to
stall
50 years have passed... but I do not age. Time has lost its effect on me. Youtube’s chokes the past, present and future. Hope is lost... 
Gotta get back. Back to the craft...

SkyDoesMinecraft!








I like this SkyDoesMinecraft Season 5
Sky did you know that if you threw a salty person in a lake, it would turn into an ocean
helpful
What happened between you and Max
17:18 Antvenom uses big words for no reason
Sky sounds depressed
HE SAID BUTTER, NOSTALGIA ALERT
He sounds sad :/
I miss old sky
Jesus Christ. What year is it???
Budder armor and squids
Soooo....Adventure maps??
I remember the do not laughs
Life was so easy back then, just Minecraft Minecraft Minecraft, and more Minecraft.
God is back
SMP Live?
Wait can you redownload the mod that makes Minecraft beautiful like the ones from Minecraft cops and robbers
WOOOOOOOP!!!
NOW THE MASTER IS BECOMING THE MASTERED (AGAIN)
I love you skyyyyyy!!!!
Yo I can't, I love this oml. Throwback to when I was an angsty 12 year old, when sky was all that got me through each day. Now I'm off to uni in a couple months and I have so much love for you, no matter what, cause you got me here x
Is this real?
All thats left is to get the old gang back together like bajancanadian,deadlox,huskymudkips,captainsparklez and more
Sky sounds so sad
Not gonna lie i kind of like this calm sky. It feels like meeting an old friend and seeing how he's grown.
Lol llamas with hats xD
Carllllllllllllll
its not the same
Sky play 2b2t
sky does minecraft is back!
alas! The Pewdiepie of Minecraft has returned.
nice you missed the blacksmith in the village.
I'm happy he's making videos again, but am I the only one that notices he's different. He sounds like he's uninterested
wha- i- wha- i cant belie- AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Sky is a bit less energetic than he was before
sky army
The good old days ☺️👌
You can make turtle helmet don't think that's the name but go with it and you can get it from A   baby turtle
Please reupload Sky vs gaming. Please. I beg you to consider this for the fans like me. Who’ve been here since team crafted and THROUGH sky media. I was here from the beginning to the end to the rebirth. And I miss Sky Vs Gaming. I miss butts69 and gta and gmod. Please?
Every antvenom uhh
Wow now this is nostalgia
does anyone remember bacon man?
25:20 Herobrine was there xD
They added pandas to minecraft
This is super awkward
i found this AMAZING game called ark survival evolved it is so fun i can explore a whole island or find arifacts in caves so i can fight 4 boss fights and the best of it all I CAN HAVE PET DINOSAURS DRAGONS MONSTERS FISH ANIAMALS AND SOOOOO MUCH MORE I  EVEN BUILT MY OWN CASTLE!!! WITH A DRAGON ON TOP WITH LAZER GUNS ON THE SIDES!!!! i also look like a walmart brand iron man bro i can fly and ride my pet lazer t rex and make friends online this game has it aaaaaaaaallllll my mind is blown
I started watching you when I was like 11/12 idk, but now im gonna turn 18 this year. I've seen everything. I am so happy that you're back and doing and getting better. It's so relieving and calming.
Enter childhood nostalgia
Sky seems like he's become more mellow....
Butter, Nothing more.
A husk of a man...
It smells like my childhood in here.
you guys just ignored the blacksmith so i'm annoyed it also annoys me how you are always aimed slightly down and you aren't jumping as you sprint to go faster and your parkour skills are just barely there i think you need to hop on epic jump map to get back into the movement groove
I watched the whole thing. How bout’ you?
who else is so happy he back?
Adam didn’t get the budder
The god of Minecraft has returned, I’m all ears now, locked and loaded for nostalgia
ahhhhhhh skynite backnite playnite feetnite
What he playing this again
Hey guys hankvenom here
Hey guys hankvenom here
I love it
2019 Is a comeback of many Minecraft YouTubers specially this month(April)
What happened... all those years ago...
Sky’s little ‘There’s turtles’ was so adorable.
Yea
Sky sounds so dead inside
yes
He has alot to learn.
I ❤️ u sky!
Sky has been through so much these last few years. And I haven't seen his videos since the 10th try not to laugh. Or even the whole team crafted stuff. I veered off to watch other people's videos and sometime occasionally I come back. I'm 16 yo and I remember sky's old survival series from machinima  and got upset when he only got to the point of getting an eye of ender and find the dungeon. I was around 9 or 10 idr. But seeing sky now makes me think about how old I've gotten and how not only my mind but my sense of humor. And also how much sky has changed. I hope he loves this series as much as i do because i stopped playing after 2015 and just recently got back into it
Am I in heaven?
Im so happy he is getting help and going back to his real friends. During the phase of the office I feel like there was a lot of fake people is his life
AntVenom Teaches Sky About Minecraft Again 2: AntVenom Teaches Sky About The Far Lands
Could you do, modded survival?
If you do here's a suggestion: crazy craft
It’s like, so painful watching him not know certain things lmao, I mean like I get it though ❣️
sky's laugh sounds like seth rogans.
Ski you sound so sad you good lately dog?
there was a blacksmith in the village aaAAAA
am i having deja vu or what
Reminds me of the olden days of SkyDoesMinecraft, DanTDM, and Atlantic Craft
what year is it?
Don't you like how the water is more transparent with the night vision + don't get attacked by phantoms....Calab with jess to have a pet or doge series
Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Sky sounds weird.
Gold nuggets= shard of budder
I’m sad why does sky sound so unmotivated
Y'know that voice you do when your trying to explain something to someone younger than you who doesn't know how to do that task?
...
That's Ant in this entire video.
Sky i xan help you get beater i have played minecraft for 5 years and i want to play with the person that helped me get through some roof times and i am all was here to help
I'm so mad neither Adam or ant noticed the blacksmith reee
ye boi, a series
Why when i see this video, the Yogscast parody How Do I Craft This Again? pops in my mind
I've never watched a video in the same exact position I have with Sky's minecraft videos. I watched this and instinctively went into that position. Is something wrong with me?
I’m kinda worried that he doesn’t wanna play Minecraft anymore and that he’s playing cause he needs money or something
my childhood....
Yo Sky, I’m kinda stoked for this series. I hope you can upload more frequently with this series or even livestream it. You seem like you are just without reading the comments so yeah. This is really cool to see you and Ant playing again.
Give him time guys, he's coming back but he did say he's still got loads of depression he wants to dig himself out of, and believes facing his past again will help him be happier...that and he's working himself off of weed so probably some withdrawal symptoms too
I'm really happy that Adam is back with the minecraft videos. It's very pleasant and brings back a lot of nostalgia.
Lol, from Sky's POV he seems like a noob
Sky and AntVenom still have the same purple necklace on their skins. Has anyone else noticed?
ADAM I have to warn you from something that spawns in night timw they are called phantoms the spawn when ever a player doesnt sleep for 3 minecraft days its some what like a insomnia mob killer it will force you to get a bed or go to sleep
There was a blacksmith at that village
Omg omg omg hhhhhuuuuu hhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhh uuuuuhhh he's back my child hood row modle is back aaaaaaaahhhhhh!
Good to have you back, Sky!
totally misses the blacksmith
HESS BACKKK!!!
4:40 FACEPALM
Sky plays nostalgia.
he doesnt sound as happy as he used to be
When u run out of money...
awesome video
Note do not ask sky/Adam to do Minecraft vids again hes doing it by choice
I Used to watch him since 2013 and i was just 7 years old, and now im 13 years old in high school, going grade nine next year.
i no longer want to commit die
Real Minecraft hours
Play with ross
Is Sky ok? 
He sounds sad or tired
Minecraft is starting to become popular again and i hope it becomes better than fortnite
Why does sky sound so depressed.
Why did you leave us whyy you sound depressing no offense
He didn’t yell “SQUIDS” when he saw the squids.
Are you still friends with red, Jess, awkward,husky,Ross,BURNEY,mad max, or is that in he past
I feel like Antvenom is a father figure to him, teaching him all the new things of the world, making sure he doesn’t get hurt too much. It’s adorable.
Sky=childhood
Ok so im halfway through, why dont they go to the blacksmith house on the village
antvenom so uptight lol, so technical. 
i feel like sky's just want to have some goofy conversations
Did you know that swords do damage to multiple enemies when you full swing.
(see that little sword icon next to cross hair for charge)
I'd love a crossover with FWOB (Friends Without Benefits) because they're currently doing ironic Minecraft videos, playing it split-screen on the Switch to top it all off
I jumped when I saw that creeper explode because I forgot about shield mechanics xD
Ant saying "I'm, like, not expressing it because that's how I am these days" is painfully too self-aware D:
minecraft vsauce and sky! 😍
YOUR BACK OMG BEEN SUBED SINCE 2012
Ey sky try goin on the 11th hieght block to get more ores and diamonds
I mean as in the Y is 11
This is somehow enjoyable to watch. Very Nostalgic.
Omg that intro was so nostalgic wowwww
ya mean butter dude? 


legit crying
I am so happy Minecraft is getting relevant again! I love seeing old Minecraft YouTubers getting more views and I just think Minecraft was a beautiful game
Good to see u sky,I personally missed u,a lot...
WHEN YOU PLAY MINEEE MINEEEE MINECRAFT
For some reason every time I hear or see antvenom in YouTube it reminds me of callmecarson
This takes me back to the first skydoesminecraft I saw with Antvenom  in it. It was Minecraft battleship. Oh how time flies
Sky I miss you.
Sky sounds like he’s baked.Or is it just me?
Did they see the smithy building?
I grabbed my butter, my butter sword, my butter popcorn, my dead squid carcass, my sunglasses and I'm 'bout to start blasting How Do I Craft This again while playing modded cops & robbers
Top 10 Anime Comebacks of 2019
dude i havent watched a single video from you in 5 years
Hold up. I'm sorry for not following but what happened to his voice.
Great Vid! Sky can u do cops and robbers with all the boys again?
Neat, When Are The Mods Gonna Return?
This is amazing XDDD
I miss this so much...
Could we get some background music or something dog
I’ve watched you Sky Does Everything since 2013 “Sky Does Minecraft” R.I.P
I miss this 😭 but bro go get the chest from the blacksmith
I honestly need this
No it's not
29:11 SQUIDSSS!
Whats the seed
sky can probably be real af now, because all of his fans grew up with him
As a kid I always wanted to play minecraft with sky, now i want to smoke a blunt with sky
OMG
All them drugs done destroyed his minecraft part of his brain.
These copyright strikes get STUPIDER EACH TIME I SEE THEM
They just walked past a blacksmith house in the village...
All we need now is aphmau and the others playing mini games and sky screaming!
That sounds like a broken man. You okay, Adam?
HE SOUNDS SO DIFFERENT JESUS CHRIST!
Me in my head when they got to the village: BLACKSMITH BLACKSMITH BLACKSMITH BLACKSMITH BLACKSMITH
Man I miss the old days of do it laugh and cops and robbers
Are we back bois
Hey sky if u ever need help on mc hmu
Well now you gotta get in CallmeCarson's SMP
Who like minecraft
Is sky depressed or is that just his normal voice because I swear he used to sound more cherry
want to see u play fornite
It feels good to have sky back
Pls do some cops and robbers
i think he has auto jump on
Poor Sky sounded like he didn't he didn't wanna be there
But with how easy it is to get fish now being a pescatarian in Minecraft really wouldn't be that bad
play with ssunde
Can you do try not to laugh agen with Ross
😭😭I feel like I’m nine again sitting in front of my iPod touch right after school, with a bag of popcorn watching Minecraft mods😭😭
Stall is the worst
Remember watching his cops n robbers vids then your parents walk in so you turn the volume down so they won’t hear him swearing. 
Lol good old days
The mic quality, the lack of facecam, and being with fluffy, THE NOSTALGIA
that
Intro
Was a hard stab into my heart please stop :(((
I like how many years have passed and jerome still doesnt have a good mic
the crappy mic quality like in 2013 just gives me a nostalgia high 🤤😍
Aww man my childhood memories are coming true. :')
I still remember seeing you when I was 7 now I’m fourteen. Ahhh the nostalgia!
Sky just sounds so confused I just imagine him in his mind saying What happened to this game HOW LONG WAS I GONE HOW DO I CRAFT?!? Ah I love it
The memories
Their flooding my mind
NEXT TIME ON SKY 
TEAM CRAFTED IS BACK
Jerome: but just to show you one of the cool custom plugins right you break the sto-
obsidian
Adam laughs
Cut
OH MY GOD SKY!
the floodgates have opened i repeat THE FLOOD GATES.HAVE.OPENED ;-;-;-;
I watched you when I was around 8. I am now almost 15. Seeing the title gave me the chills because I used to look forward to coming home from school just to watch you play Minecraft on my family computer. Thank you <3
🥺 Jerome calling Adam buddy is adorable and I’m the softest I’ve been in a while 🥺
Dude I'm glad you're back Minecraft hasn't been the same without you keep up the great vids man
We... need... a... do.. not.. LAUGH AND APH NEEDS TO DO MIDNIGHT 4!!
I love how Jerome is so upbeat and presenting he just makes the videos feel like back in 2013 or something
The old intro is back!
2018: MEME REVIEW
2019: MOD REVIEW (plz)
Sky you were my childhood, thank you for the videos, and the good times I’ve had watching them
HOLD ON. WE’RE ABOUT TO GO THROUGH TIME
Jerome sounds so more exciting from when they originally did sky block
I just re-subscribed to Sky after a few years of not watching💀 he sounds exactly the same as he sounded when I was 7!!  And I am SO happy he STILL does Minecraft videos!!! Thank you for being there after school sky!!😭💙
Bro, im so happy you're back! I missed you and you're content. Honestly, you are one of my favourite youtubers... keep it up man!
Man, I missed Jerome and Adam together.
My my war PTSD flashbacks are coming back THE WAR OF THE GAMES IS OVER. My middle school years are back.


PS.  When I was younger this seemed so epic xD
Guess who's back back again
Sky is back tell a friend.
13:12 is that a motherfucking Gurren Lagann reference?
Thank you, we needed this, we waited 4 years. We greatly appreciate this
Question
as someone who plays skyblock regularly. *this video pains me*
Who else misses those Christmas maps with a mystery twist with it.i loved those oh and please sky...#bringbackparkour!!!
Can't believe you're collabing with Fluffy again!!
"i dont think- i don't think you realize how excited i am.."
The passion he has for this game will clearly never die
Finally he's back!!
My inner childhood self is screaming!
Omg the damn NOSTALGIA I missed this so much. Jonas brothers, Hannah Montana, and sky. My life is doing a full 360
I miss Jerome calling a diamond axe Betty 😍😍😍😍 my child hood has reunited
When I saw the intro I was likr, NO, SKY NOOO SKY DON'T DO IT! CRAP...
These words take me back on a trip.



“Hey buddy”
I literally just started watching Cops N Robbers again.


Gee, I'm like a good omen. I'm not, but I feel good about it.
veitnam like flashbacks 
Ah yes the good ol days
I feel like Adam isnt having much fun during this recording
I love seeing jerome helpin him rise through the youtube ranks
The memories are just flowing back. This man was my childhood, coming home after school just to watch his mod showcases, jump maps, hunger games and just everything.



Love u sky
I'm so happy you're back.
Honestly makes me so happy I wanna cry lmao
Wait.. is that old intro...
Inter me- YESSSS
Wait you still play minecraft?!  Duude
i thought this was a reupload...im so happy ;-;
I'm in physical pain from the overwhelming amount of nostalgia
14:01 lava becomes obsidian

ADVERTISEMENT COMES IN
This takes me back and I'm looking forward to more videos, love ya sky.
Omg the intro gave me SO MANY FLASHBACKS
I'm 16, and this just brought back everything that made me happy in Middle School tbh😅
Vietnam fkashback be like me rn
been watching Adam since 2012 and he’s still the funniest youtuber i like to watch
FAIL Sky, FAIL.
Learn to not turn the lava on Skyblock to obsidian
And there’s the nostalgia! 

My childhood is back.
2:04 UMG has now claimed this video
I’m so happy you’re uploading videos again!
So were all gonna ignore the fact that those 2 chest are a curse image on 6:54
I haven't watched your videos in years. The nostalgia hit hard man, that intro omg
Hoe you do not know how much I love this quality😭
I love you guys, I've been pretty depressed lately and this really helped me out, to see you and fluffy again is amazing.
Who remembers the sky blockseries with Lachlan bajancanadian and Jerome
Welcome back sky!!! Love ur vids! Plz don't EVER leave again
This whole video was so nostalgic 😫, even down to the poor quality because of my poor wifi connection was perfect!
Jerome sounds like he’s forcing himself to talk like that. Hmmm
THAT DAMN INTRO, so many years of watching, so much nostalgia
😭the flashbacks, it’s been to long i swear!
Turns to obsidian instantly
Me:Yep, Sounds about right

(I missed this, it's nice to look forward to uploads again.)
This nostalgia brought me to tears dude
i actually saw a video by a famous youtuber before it got to at least 100000 views






GO ME!!!
It’s nice seeing you doing okay. Luv u Adam <3
I seeing  something....
My childhood...
Team crafted❤
im sooo happy that your back
can't wait for ep.2
The nostalgia is real, I remember watching their whole Minecraft squad a lot in elementary
This makes me smile, I almost feel like crying tears of joy because of this
Adam seems to have a much more chilled-out demeanor... you know what? im diggin' it. its not as manic as it was, which is different, but its not bad. he's still the lovely lad i knew before. :) ❤❤❤
Nostalgia flood gates open

ermrgbr halp my childhood iz back
Everything just mixes up, the nostalgia is real.but we need some Sky's screaming 😂😂
Bro used to watch sky bareeeeeeeee time ago this video just came up out of knowbere and bro I feel like he is high af in this vid 🤣🤣miss the old days when I was 9 and loved watching sky 17 now but will always be part of his army
So happy you guys banded together! Strong nostalgia feels. <3
Is this a re-upload🤧🤧
WAIT THIS IS ACTUALLY NEW :O I THOUGHT HE STOPPED
adam sounds really... uninterested lmao
since you're back playing mc wait for the hytale sky
what a great way to start spring break by binge watching all of sky's videos!
only true fans knows this






what's a butter slapper????
Who remembers the good days of cops and robbers, those were the best days. Minecraft was still active and life was great. Who agrees those were the days?
“I don’t think you realize how excited I am” he says in the most monotone voice
Oh shet. That intro. ITS BEEN SO LONG!!
When I was a young boy about 10 or 13 years of age I use look forward to your videos now here I am a young man watching at age 18 thank you, for building my childhood and now rebuilding my happiness and wonder 

- Koken R Redlord
The Archon...








Sounds Familiar to me...
Sounds very... very Familiar...
That intro..........holy hell, Got more goosebumps then I did watching the Force Awakens trailer for the first time.
This takes me back. Thank you for this.
Man I love these videos...especially with the OGs (team crafted) keep up the good work sky
Bruh brings me back to when all I played was mc keep doing this stuff man! So nostalgic
hearing on how Adam talked before compared to the way Adam talks today is unbelievable!


I don't know if it's just me but, he sounds a whole lot more mature and modest than before.
his voice gives off a much calmer tone.


I've been watching Adam ever since he did Mod Showcases back in 2012.
being able to see him still up and kicking today is great to see.
2:55 ROBLOX!!!!!!!



NANI
my childhood,
THE MEMORIES
Omg please continue to do minecraft I love you. Been watching you for like 6 years
*hears intro 

what did you do to me
What?

WH-WHAT!?
You will soon grow back into a big empire!
Sky is powerful enough to game end Thanos
I had to check if this was a new upload with that into damn glad your back sky we have missed you
OMG IM ACTUALLY SCHOGKRNIN <33333333 mychildhooood:”)))
I literally choked up its been so long
Welcome back skydoesminecraft

I haven't watch you since kinder garden now I'm grade 7
omfg i cant beilve this is happening first ksi playing zombies with sdmn and now this i could legit die happy if a plate of kfc stackers spawned infront of me
Ohhhh The memory's they feel great!!!
My childhood, this was in my recommended and through sheer curiosity just

The good old days.
7 views , 41 like





1 like is me
I just found out he's posting again, cant wait for phantoms to start spawning in his survival world
fr tho seeing you making minecraft videos still. brings back memories
Does the server work on cracked minecraft tho?!
I remember watching you when i was like 8... you where my favorite youtuber back then. He even still has his old intro....
I’m gonna cry the intro gave me flashbacks
Jerome: use code sky or jerome
Me: is this a fortnite video?
It’s been so long since I’ve watched your videos
scrolling through subscriptions
Sees this

w H A T
What's this in my chest is that my childhood heart beating 
It feels GOOOOOOOOOD
THE GOOD OL' DAYS. I MISS THE INTRO 😭😭😭
JEROME CALM DOWN MY MAN,
XD
I just realised Jerome's voice quality doesn't change.
Are we actually getting Team Crafted back together?
Wait HE MAKES CONTENT STILL I AIN'T HEAR OF YOU IN 5-6 YEARS NO JOKE ITS BEEN LIKE A LIFE TIME
We need the cops and robbers, my sky dude bro! Pretty Please?😂
Quick tip Adam click the green book beside the 9 boxes that you use to craft stuff so that you can craft stuff faster
Adam you should try and get a big ole reunion with all the people you played with and play one big battle dome
I feel like my soul has been lifted watching this
You subbed to T-Series!?!
The fences not connecting was really triggering me
The explosion in the intro? It's a nostalgia bomb
hey sky. you should do a video series for a really popular game called skate 3.
Adam, love u b but ya gotta stop w this notch praise in ya description
Welcome back, old friend, welcome back. 

This is unironically an emotional rollercoaster for me, because you were one of the first you tubers I watched as a kid.

Welcome home.
The flashbacks are coming back and I swear to god all I feel is happiness
Who's 'No one' and why are they 1st 2nd and 3rd in top 3 Controllers!?! 

HMMMMMMMM
I love you 
Never stop
Unless it bores you
Jerome’s audio quality made me think this was a reupload
I like how Jerome is hosting sky’s video 😂
Omfg he used the intro
"to all the youtubers that still play minecraft you're all great actors"
Oh this...
This is beautiful
you need some warmup if you plan to continhe😂😂😂
“Jerome teaches me chaos skyblock”
”featuring Jerome”
It makes me so glad to see that intro again. It’s been so long. Welcome back Sky.
So many memories of these 2 ♡
So nostalgic
I’ve been watching this man since I was like 15 now I’m 19 and watching this makes me want to go play Minecraft again.. 😂😂😂
The nostalgia man. I remember years ago I would used to watch Prison break videos and a couple other topics I can’t remember
uhhh... the memories, but why does 1080p look like 360 lmao
Yo sky i left ur link in the description because you are one of the first few people to inspire me to youtube so thank you  :)
New epic jump map with Jason and deadlox next
..."I'm not playing minecraft....okay i'm playing minecraft."
Im so happy you're doing better :)
~♡
O.  M.  G. That INTRO
So glad to see my childhood idle back at it. Im glad ur back on the gaming scene adam keep up the good work👍👌
Sky your still my favorite YouTuber stay awesome
The intro, the fluffy, skyblock, skydoesminecraft, ASFJerome I am in tearing amd happy about this
BRO ITS BEEN LIKE 5 YEARS! I can’t believe you still have the same intro😂
Btw adam, if you're midair blocks take MUCH longer to break
sky i suggest that you make your videos somewhat like jschlatt’s editing or commentary style
that intro making me feel really weird not heard it in forever
with the amount of pay to win this server is going to go down quick lol
It's been a long day...
Without you my friend...
This is beautiful
That intro just killed me
Hope you get better man, love ya
I've watched for so long and now ITS BACK!!!!!!
It would amazing if the old gang with Ross max Shelby Barney and the rest were back but this more than awesome
Dude I’ve been with sky like the entire time and now he’s making videos again omg my childhood.
Like I remember prison break and EVERYTHING it makes me so happy
I wasn’t able to watch back then sky because my mom said I couldn’t watch him. I’m now able to watch his videos and I love them 😄😄
Holy shi man the intro hit me hard man
wait... is this new... like new new? Or reupload?
Im crying because of my memories right now 😥😭
Welcome back to YouTube Sky! I Missed You!!!
Mario, I fuckeda up the cobblestona generator
The nostalgia wave is upon us, embrace it!
been here since the squid war, I am and pretty sure everyone else here a true veteran


so cheers to Ada- no BUDDER!
0:35
DERP SSUNDEE
OMG
Also it's really quiet
10 seconds in and I'm already feelin it
Second post:
PLEASE LISTEN. you probably have a 0% to read this, but I want you to hear me out. Minecraft has a new combat system, there is now a penalty for clicking too fast. let me explain. do you notice that tiny sword icon below the cross at the center of the screen? well whenever you attack, it quickly appears on the screen and fills up, the more it fills up, the more damage you will do. if it fills up all the way, then you do a powerful sweep attack that can hit multiple enemies. this is why you shouldn't spam click, because the bar doesn't have enough time to fill up even a little bit, so you do astronomically less damage overall. I know you won't read this, but I sincerely hope you will learn it at some point... thank you
“Ya boi outta cactus”
Same here but I’m out of brain cells.
Also, I act the same way lmao. I have no idea whats happening but I just go with the flow. Except for when I know about the subject.
I'M SO EXCITED TO SEE THIS!!!! it's so cool to see you and Jerome doing stuff like this again. super nostalgic. thank you for everything Sky!!
THE INTRO IS MY WHOLE CHILDHOOD, I’M LITERALLY CRYING RIGHT NOW.
it brings tears to my eye when you see the sole members of the original group working together :')
Jerome is a great friend
Use ur old intro where you sang in it I love it da da da da daaaaa XD
I just jumped back to 2012.
Wait you upload still? Holy nostalgia butter
I like Jerome’s old skin tbh
this feels so nostalgic
so g o o d
love u sky
So freaking happy that sky is going back to his roots and to what really made him such an amazing creator in the first place
nostalgia feels good 

love you sky
Why are the fences and double chests broken? Also glad to see you back in action. 😁😁😁
he stole doesnt know how to make a cobblestone generator
Man i wish other members of Team Crafted are still here
very cool love the vid kkep it up!
I had no idea the king had returned love you man
Omg I just found a meme vid that had a old clip from cops and Robbers
I remember watching sky back when i was 37, now I’m 24 going on strong
Dude Jerome playing Archon??? Ive been watching him since 2012
Dude you know what would be fun if you made a war focused tech focused modpack and war with friends.
It's nice to see you back and playing minecraft I missed you man
Dude I’m so happy 




Breathe if you agree
It’s awesome to see that he’s making Minecraft videos again :)
Already started rewatching all of sky's vids
I really hope this is what Sky wants. I'm always gonna be a supporter brosif. I know I wasn't around for a while and you got no clue who I am but you enriched my childhood.
just asking again, in a more recent vid, can you play dead by daylight
Kinda sad he never called him fluffy😔
im sixteen and i now started watching ur vids again for the first time since 2014 i started watching in 2012
I miss my life 4 years ago... Loving it more than ever...
I think I might enjoy MORE of this.
Jerome I could imagine being a salesman or a workplace ethics speaker- he has the perfect voice and charisma for it honestly. Odd thought I know- but this video has him speak for himself. XD
Jerome: "So what this does is-"
Me: "I WILL BUY YOUR ENTIRE STOCK!!!"
I honestly thought that this was an old video, so I check the date and it’s from today. :0!
Mind Blown
10 k in 40 min 
I remember when it was like 1 mil in 40 min those were the days
Broo!!! You sound so Awkward!! No hate, btw
No one: 

0s / 2m
2019 the year of collaboration and content we didn't know we needed in our lives. I'm in tears
Wait a minute...






WHAT
Second like and comment where’s my love
Ohh noo the memories I love ittt
I missed this. My favorite ones. Jerome and sky
Makes me think of old times especially when they were playing cops and robbers

Jerome: Roses are Red 
Violets are blue
Bend over 

Adam: No
This reminds me of island of the skies from awhile back. 😂
We need another Epic Jump Map...
Ngl I really want him to use the really old intro with the dirt in the background
Never change your mic and video quality, it's creating new nostalgia
I love that sky has never changed, still bad but funny as hell we love you
Yes
The nostalgia from that intro hit me H A R D
Well. It's been a while. Glad you're still holding up :)
The intro hasn't changed...oml memories..
I have been waiting for this day.... for a very very long time.
First viewer, liker  and commentor, I am so happy that sky is playing Minecraft again, also adam love your videos, all of them
YES MY CHILDHOOD HAS RETURNED!
Holy crap I'm excited, I missed these guys
PLEASE KEEP POSTING WE ALL LOVE YOU AND SUPPORT YOU WITH WHAT YOURE GOING THROUGH THIS IS OUR CHILDHOOD SO MANY GOOD MEMORIES ARE COMING BACK ❤️❤️❤️❤️
That intro...
Met Jerome at Minecon 2018 last year.. Even though I'm a High School student I enjoyed meeting him and telling him I watched him during my childhood and I'm a OG.
Bring back Do Not Laugh ;-;
Jesus Christ I am crying from happiness, I missed ya sky.
bro i miss watching these, i can't believe i watched this man ever since kindergarten :,)
ExCuSe Me WhY aRe YoU sUbEd To TSEIRES
you should play cops and robbers like the old days
All the nosolga i still re watch the team crafted vids
Am I crying at a friend's house? Y E S
Nobody:
Steve: heyoooo
I’m so happy you are making videos again!
MY CHILDHOOD 😍😂
This brings me back memories with the old gang
Oh my god same intro as always
I dont really watch adam, but ive watched some of their old video, and damn, I still get big nostalgia. IT FEELS GOODDD
#SkyArmy? Nonono. It's gotta sound cool like #Skarmy
Reminds me of when Adam tried making a cobblestone generator years ago and then you hear: DAMMIT I JUST MADE OBSIDIAN!!!!
Ah so many feels flashback to the furst cops n robbers
Ah so many feels flashback to the furst cops n robbers
Good on ya ASF Jerome, Welcome Home...
I love you sky thank you for everything
Yay! You started Gaming again!!
Oh my god..... the flash packs
He’s so much more quiet now :(
quality was 10/10 lol
All love hope you’re doing well and achieve your dreams
Sooo much nostalgia. But sky seems so unfamiliar to Minecraft xddd.
Bruh I just came back after awhile and damn it feels good to be back. One of my greatest youtubers who helped me through so much. Literally with a single Minecraft video whether do not laugh or mini games, wow it feels so good to be back. I hope you’re doing better Adam, love you so much 💜
is this just reuploads or is he actually playing again?
True OG's remember Cops and Robbers
I have aged so much and once I saw this upload I had to watch just wowww😭
That intro is older than one nutty boi
I was 7 when I saw you hmmmf the nostalgia is just soo fcking good
Heh the Jerome slurp
Jerome is such a good friend
Sadly I play on the green dye server and have a lot of things that I don’t want to lose on there. I would switch if I didn’t buy blaze rank
NOT Jerome teach me how to sky block it’s HOW 2 SKY BLOCK (NO HELP XDD)
I feel like sky was zooted during this
My god the nostalgia, the flashbacks have returned me to my childhood
Did we just time travelled to the past? Omg.
I feel like time is rewinding. My depression is coming back but also my favorite Minecraft youtubers!! I have mixed feelings but mostly positive feelings!
My childhood Nostalgia...❤
Damn my childhood... thank you guys 🤧🥰
Hey make sure you treat Bajan well
Thank God he is back  i love watching these vids, it was part of my childhood
6:26
wait thats illegal
I feel like Jerome was the only one having fun ;w;
YOOOO they should do sky factory
Does it work on pocket edition?.
Ah many things have changed. But one thing that will never change is








Jeromes mic quailty. It sounds like he has the same mic as he did 8 years ago.
Haven't seen stuff like this when I was 7, brings tears to my face
I miss the old team crafted but I still love these vids
Sky bring back the orange-ish brown thumbnails.
Every fell through for him and now he’s back
This video brings nostalgia just how it was edited.
B U T T E R

im just going to leave that there
Hey sky it’s ya boi a fan and I was rewatching your pirates roleplay and you kinda left us on a cliffhanger I’ve been waiting forever for season 2 so when are you gonna start roleplaying again
Omg the intro rn I can’t I miss everything
Seeing this thumbnail brought a smile to my face
The good ole' intro :)
Missed you man
Love u man,I thought u were done
OMG the nostalgia with Jerome being so energize and pumped
OMG THE OLD INTRO SOUNDS SOOOOOO GOOD
Adam you sound so much better glad to see your feeling better (to anyone who wasn’t caught up he had depression so he had to take a break to deal with his depression)
sky discovers t h e s k y
Everyone who watched sky like 5 years ago (including me) have returned and the comments are really wholesome
Im really glad skydoesmi efraft is back, but i hope that you get well soon sky, we love you
Nastaglic anyone?
ITS BEEN 5 YEARS FOR ME, THIS TAKES ME BACK
I’m not crying 😭 you are!
Brings a tear to my eye, Adam. It really does.
Diversity 3 came out. It's the end to the trilogy of Diversity Maps. I'm sure you remember Diversity 2
I can't even explain how hAPPY I got when they were yelling like it was 2013 all over again my head is hunG
It’s perfection 😂
You should join CallMeCarson's SMP server
I got super confused and i was wondering if this was an old video but i didnt remember it. Now i know youre back yay
IT'S PERFECTION!
Bring my man Ross back
The Return of the King.
i, for one
get the joke.
Jerome sounds so corporate now. He just sounds like he wants to sell us ranks for the server.
the introvert vs the extrovert
Why does it look like sky is playing on a controller?
What happened to ur editor/quality
Missed you a lot Adam!
It’s only a matter of time...

Team Crafted: Ssundee’s Return
SKY I MISSED YOU FOR 3 YEARS
The nostalgia I love u dad
Sky is one of my favorite you tubers and it makes me said thinking about all he’s been through because he is not like any other YouTube i watch I have no idea how much longer he can do this and all i have to say is stay strong sky
THIS BROUGHT OUT MEMORIES I FORGOT EXISTED
Remembered watching since I was 14 now I'm 18.
I’m glad that Adam is uploading again, but I just hope he’s doing well
This is the sky that i known before
Happy that sky's back the nostalgia is REAL
I remember rewatching your prison escape with the tornado mod when I was a kid… ahhh the good days of youtube but he doesn’t sound as excited but I don’t blame him, it would probably get boring playing the same game for 8 years 




Love you Adam!!!!!! ❤️❤️
We missed you glad that your back 😢😢😁😁😁😁😆😆👌👌👌
i had a flash back when i read the title and i was like oh god yes.
Literally no energy or enthusiasm.
Might’ve screamed after seeing that intro...
Remember when adam was so energetic lol
Wait so you didn't record the cops and robbers episode that you did with Jerome?
Omg, my whole childhood just flashed back. I’m so happy
sky, fam, like im happy to see the videos again so are a lot of people but fam  your magic is gone like you sound like you are sleeping in the videos which isnt that fun to watch its all up to you how you wanna do things but fam this just aint like one of your videos
You guys should check out wynncraft. Its a minecraft server that is a fully functional mmorpg. Honestly the coolest server ive ever played on
I've been watching Sky when I was 11 and I'm turning 19 this year, Oh man the happy memories this brings back to me.
tyler red barny ross max all needed
Is this real?
Is he back??!!!
The best part is that the comments actually make sense since most of us are 17 seemingly so
Nostalgia just punched me in the face...
brrooo my boy adam sounding HELLA depressed
yes the old intro!!!!!!!
Bring back facecam I miss it
Is this new or a re upload?
Watching this man craft is so cringy slow
Oh my god this actually made me tear up. 8 year old me are you happy now
What happened when you said "no one knows what just happened?" I'm very interested
THE OLD INTRO
I'm so glad you're back Adam
I don't really like the new features I miss the old minecraft 😭😭😭😭 but I'm  glad sky and Jerome back
Ah Sky! My sister and I used to watch your Minecraft videos all the time!! Please continue!
Man this is crazy. I remember watching back in the team crafted days. Watching you evolve and watching your videos improve. Watching you release your first serious songs. Now I'm 17 and this is taking me way back. Keep doing what you do man.
Aay the old intro and sound quality
Man, this feels like middle school, Jesus Christ
The nostalgia from that intro
this a reupload?
Do a do not laugh video
it’s been 7 years since i’ve watched sky
These thumbnails are just train hard nostalgia
Early bird 🐦
chunk hoppers arent working for me and i am the sad boi
The butter king is back
I wanna see parkour again 😭🙏🏼
He’ll yeah brother cheers from iraq
I just saw that sky is back finally 😍😍😍😍😍
Oh my god, I came back out of no where for the nostalgia and Sky’s back out of nowhere back with mc? I legitimately almost cried at this
So glad to see you back
OH GOD THE NOSTALGIA IS BACK
Minecraft is cool again, just come back already.
Oh my god yes I missed Adam
this videos bring back so many memories😌👊
FLUFFY!!!
I would like to thank you sky, you started my friendship with my best friends. My friends and I would come to school and talk about your videos all day and we even memorized some of them word by word. I’m so happy your back and don’t listen to the people that say your mic quality, It gives me good memories. - Hero 

Thank you😀
7 year old me is quaking rn, the nostalgia omllll
so your still playing Minecraft, thank goodness, we've lost to many but your still here
If Ssundee played this, he would automate everything😂😂
I missed you guys together so much
The only thing that's missing in my nostalga is the old mic back in the first ep
Since Vikk and Mitch are back too bring back prison escape
He said it 4:44 "I suck at dis game" I laughed
Sky is back.

I’m so happy.
Lava turns into obsidian for the second time... An ad a second after.... 😂😂
🤧 good ol' memories
This seems like an old vid
I missed these :,)
**Ping**
Is this a reupload or is he back
This one takes me back to my childhood memories :,)
Do more of this and cops and robbers
I was asked to stop watching u as a kid sky cause u would cuss a lot but I would secretly watch u all the time I wouldn’t stop for the butter 🤣 My childhood is coming back Love you sky
Adam just has no emotion but it makes me feel so nostalgic
Who remembers skys hate for squids and his love of  butter budder
Remember the squids and budder??? Team Crafted?
I used to watch sky when he first started and I haven't seen his videos in years. I'm so glad that he hasn't changed much at all over the years.
Is it me or does Adam sound so disinterested and tired? Some reactions feel forced too
I love that Jerom is keeping Skys spirts up
I've been subbed since 2012 I was like 8 or so. You have been here when something bad happened and I have been calling gold butter for YEARS and it has become a regular thing when ever I play Minecraft.
All of the FBI is watching this vid
READ THIS!!!   -     PLEASE UPVOTE IF YOUR AGREE


SKY, is it possible for you to gather some of the old Minecraft youtubers and play one more episode of  COPS vs robbers???
ITS BEEN SO LONG
I AM SOOOO HAPPY YOUR BACK
I used to watch sky when I was 13 damn that was the good times I think I might get back into mine craft again 😋🖤✌︎
Can you make vlogs too
He back it’s Beautiful🥳
Are these re uploads or is he back in action
I am so happy that he is not only back to minecraft but also doing it and having fun
is this a reupload of a old video?
That intro... :heart_eyey:
This is beautiful
9:55 why are there cursed fences?
omg the intro
He was definitely high during this.
everyone remember


butter
Adam i just hope that u doing this make u happy i love u
I love how every recent comment section is flooded with comments about Nostalgia lol

Can't blame them though
it makes me mad that i don't recognize Jerome's voice anymore...
THE INTRO
IM CRYING
The butter has hardened once again
You can tell he's completely given up and can't be bothered anymore but still glad he's doing it
Il watch it everyday if you create this. I love sky lock. I don’t play no craft and I didn’t play for like 6 years but I always loved skyblock❤️
Yes the old intro finally woooo
I think it’s the time I get to play with my favorite YouTuber in the world
I miss him a lot since Fortnite came in I said am out
HOLY SHITS SIX YEARS SINCE IVE BEEN HERE FOR AN UPLOAD AHHHHH 😭😭
THE INTRO I HAVENT SEEN THAT IN YEARS
I haven’t seen Jerome senpai in years
Adam, i love that you're making these vids again but WE don't want you to make vids if you don't like tooo. But yeah love u either wayy
My childhood has returned from 7 years
My childhood is back thank u Adam
Top ten unexpected anime reunions.
Play scp secret laboratory!!!
This brings me back to summer of 2013 when MineCraft was at its peak. I love the nostalgia
please dont make me cry one last time :)
Sky actually sounds happy. Nice
Ok hi I am a big fan
There's a plugging that isn't updated to the latsets version of my, so your fences are being weird. Downgrade to 1.12 and it should fix it.
ThE iNtRo
I was 6 when i first started watching him in 2011... Im 14
Plz bring this to xbox
Most of the video, skys intense keyboard.
Is this server available in cracked version of minecraft?
This REALLY takes me back, like 5 years
Sky's laugh is amazing ❤️
REUNITE TEAM CRAFTED
wait
WAIT
HES DOING MINECRAFT AGAIN






HOOOOOLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYy
when i tell u guys i am CRYING. this is my whole childhood. i remember when sky was the king of youtube. i remember when youtube was a fun and happy place. i remember when i would sit and wait for a new video. wow, the nostalgia
sky here to revive all those dead yt channels he kept alive by doing videos with them, let's go!
y'all remember when sky said he wasn't gonna do minecraft anymore??
You're still around? I haven't watched one of your videos in YEARS!
Sky sounds so unhappy to play this game lmao
Sooo when are you gonna make RuneScape let’s play?
Little late to say this but I missed that intro good to have you back
Would you ever consider doing roleplays again???
Nooo adams a noob now
Jerome sounds so different it kinda sucks how he’s changed but I’m happy they are making videos again
Im happy that Jerome is a good friend to sky, and that he is there for him, That makes me smile,
This guy was my childhood
Dude I love your music, but not this......
Teamcrafted
missed you
I miss the music man. ;(
Jerome's voice pisses me off so much, idk why
Modded cops and robbers please!!
Adam changed a lot over the years. He seems more tired. Still like his videos those. He was my childhood even though my mom tried to take it away because of swear words, but I still snuck it in.
SkyDoesMinecraft again?
I feel like im 12 again😁😁
WE NEED TO SUPPORT THE SERVER NAAAO
6:25 wait that's illegal
SkytheKidRuneScape i miss you
Wait what year is this?
Use skyfactory modpack
I’m confused. He’s back now?
Thank you person on r/PewdiepieSubmissions
My childhood is coming back I have reversed puberty and now immortal
6:49 ya boi is outta cactus
i am so happy my childhood and plus Adam is using his old stuff and set up!😭
I thought you made a cactus farm with signs
At this rate the team crafted will be reunited , all we need is bajan and woofless ,literally
the intro caused my room to turn white
IS THAT THE OLD SKYDOESMINECRAFT INTRO!?
Yoooooo he back
SKY WAS SOOOO AWKWARD
Sceries please?
THEY'RE BAAAAACK!!! YAAAAAASSSS YAAAS YAAAAAASSSS
Sky what happened to calling Jerome fluffy
What version is this server running???
I would play but I'm at a hotel and ai didn't bring my computer.... Sad days.
Get Ian and Mitch in this too. It would literally bring back so many memories, like if you agree
That intro tho
Love you sky I used to watch you when I was 4 and 5 and now I am 12
I like this concept can you do more??
join hermitcraft
Only ogs remember that sky loves butter
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Man this brings back memories.
Finally lets go BACK IN MINECRAFT
It’s so funny seeing sky not do anything because he’s so new to everything again 😂
I am the only one crying for seeing this ;-;
I came back for the first time in like 4 years I feel like I just opened my childhood door again
I honestly hope cops and robbers etc comes back with the old crew
Wait you do Minecraft again
this is beautiful nostalgia
My Childhood!!!
r/CursedImages
FLUFFY HAS RETURNED
Can you guys do more mine pranks? Those were amazing!
I need join, but I don't have computer, I have phone
YESSS he’s posting
The definition of Nostalgia
Make this a series :)))
0:36 the “sky” sounded like ian
The into gave me nostalgia
Jesus i missed this so much.
This... This is nice.. 😌 I grew up on these videos.
adam been part of my child hood for 6years
This is a reupload smh
Okay now we just need unmodded Cops and Robbers
This vid is an epic yeet
Hey can you guys try too play XRun next
Sky did Minecraft😪
Why am I crying :(
WHERE BACON MAN lul
OLD INTRO
OLD SKY 
NEW VIDEOS
The intro really hit me in the feels man. It’s been years, and i knew someday you’d be back. My older brother and i always used to watch your vids at 1:30 a.m. and trying not to get caught by any parents lol. Those were the good ol’ days. I was about 7 when i started watching you. And now i am almost 13.  Thank you for returning. It means a lot to so many people, including me. You were a big inspiration throughout my whole younger childhood. I couldn’t have been happier without your laugh.
BROOOOOOOOOOO IM 16 NOOWWWWWWW YOOOO INJECT THE NOSTALGIA 💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉💉
Guess who's back, back again
Bring back mod vs mod battle
i guess hes low on money 

and cant support his child
Modded cops and robbers to bring back old memories
I feel bad for him. He obviously isn't enjoying these videos
They said the avengers was the most ambitious crossover...
I even got a bukagon ad on this video
MORE!!
Wait, he’s back?
Wow first time watching in literally years...
Sky is subbed to tea series
I came here bc of a insta post.
Idk if it just me but sky doesn’t seem as enthusiastic as he used to be playing Minecraft
I really hope he keeps the bitrate the same as old videos for nostalgia reasons
Hi adam, how are you. I just want you to know you're doing great and people care about you. Have a good day.
Always here
Adam, I've been watching your videos since 2004 ish, I saw what happened with KSI he did a low blow with everything, heh I remember i once got banned from watching your videos because my mom watched your videos and heard you swear, guess what I didn't listen to my mom, imma be a supporter for you Adam...💕😇
Im crying
Sky sounds a little depressed, i hope you are okay. :)
My childhood is back 😢😭😂😊
Nostalgia😭
If only Mitch were here...
Adams skill is gune
I haven't watched him in so long he is back with Minecraft@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its perfection
To hell with the 60 people who disliked my childhood
The nostalgia strikes me so hard here.
I love you sky hajajaiajaceiepekwcwsusksbsjsksbsisksksksjsisosjeheieeieeheieheiee
I like that as we’ve grown sky has grown as well
AAAHHHH!!!! THAT INTRO FEELS SO RIGHT!!
Just saying he is subscribed to T-series
Are these reuploads?
Nostalgia is hitting me hard with this one
wait what i thought you quit doing gaming
The nostalgia feels soo good
I mean im not crying but and shaking from nostalgia but im good with this
Sky is not so energetic now
Sky can you play with ross again
Why are u subbed to tseries?
Ive watched you since the very start i was just a yung boy from an environment in poverty. your edgy since of humor in a kids game was stupid relatable ... Im 17 now and watching these videos brings back so many good memories of getting a break of the stresses of life and enjoying some quality laughs . sky is truly a life saver to those who need some brightness in there life thanks for everything over the years man.
Fluffy is back baybis
it’s been a thousand years...
You want support, you got it
Aaaaahhhhhhh, remember when u actually blew up back then?
It's been 3 or 4 years since I've watched his videos
Facecam plz
Nice video Adam <3
Bring back shaders😩
I wonder if. Sky, bajan, Jerome, Jason, And ty can all do a collab again :D it’ll almost be the old group, minus Quentin and Ian. Cause idk if they still make bids


Edit: oh god nvm I just found out what happened over the years. We lost Ian and Mitch to Fortnite, lost Quentin and Jason to idek. The only ones left are Jerome, Adam, and Ty
This videos feels like 2014 minecraft
Adam just sounds really bored :/
The memories.....
I want to play minecraft again now
Does his server still exist and truemus?
These videos grew me up..
I love you
This is the greatest thing ever
Wait is this actually him playing or is it old vid cause I’m a lil slow
Wait is this old or new my head hurts
So know one going to talk about the fence
Did you do this just for fun?
Your back
Wish I could play.
Love that your doing a series again! But you seems and looks like your not enjoying it, I just want to let you know and tell you, do something that you will enjoy doing or playing cuz we're not going anywhere ❤ if you really want to do more episodes of this, we encourage you to do so as long you enjoy what your doing and love your job ❤
The amazing sky Bacca it’s a rare sight not seen much but when it is seen it is a truly amazing thing
MEROME
Still watching all the cops n robbers to this day
This reminds me of the old days when I was younger
I feel i came back in time
Oh man you sound so broke. But anyways im so glad you're back! Feels like summer back at 2014 huhu.
THE QUALITY! ITS LIKE THE OLD TIMES!
Can't wait for next episode
Its perfection
Ok, now this is epic
Where is TeamCrafted
I missed this so much
Jerome turned cringe fast. He used to be so funny
I watched the whole video and didn’t even realize it was a new video and just thought it was older! I’m so happy!!!
The beginning tho
AAAAAAAAAA I STARTED WATCHING YOU 7 YEARS AGO I LOVE YOU
The music business flopped for him
Police Officer in my house talking to forensics expert: “So how did the man die?”
Forensics Expert: I looks like he overdosed on nostalgia while watching this. shows this video to the police officer
Bro my childhood is back baby
HE BACK😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
BUTTER
lol i yoinked 2 ranks
0_0 is it the man the myth the legend SKYDOESMINECRAFT DUDE IM SO GLAD UR BACK OMG I KNEW THIS DAMN DAY WOULD COME I HOPE U CONTINUE TO MAKE VIDEOS AND PLZ DONT LEAVE MAN I FELL INTO A DEEP DEEP DEPRESSION WHEN U LEFT MAN BUT I PULLED MY SELF OUT OF IT BRO PLZ DONT LEAVE DUDE U WERE MY HERO AND STILL ARE I LOVE U DUDE STAY FRESH🤙✌️
I luv u
Is it sad if I cried a little while watching this
For real though sundee stopped playing minecraft aphmau is doing story time or something like that and are boy sky still playing minecraft I respect
Change back to SkyDoesMinecraft plz 😢
This does put a smile on my face.
4 years and finally hes back
We need mod reviews back please even just one
Lmao it sounds like u are suffering from this game
Dude his video feel like the same ones he made a while ago! XD
it's great to see you back on Minecraft man also speaking of Minecraft i am planning on starting my own minecraft series it's still in production but it will take a me a long time to get done so thought I'd let you know anyways thanks for reading my comment until next time 

From the Guardian Angel of the Sky and Wind my name is Taimah Bolt Dragonstorm saying Peace out my dude and if you are wondering about my series and if you want to see it so far my gamer tag for Xbox is Taimah0747 
Man so nostalgic
The fluffy has returned
HOLY NISTGIA
The happiness sounds...real.
Let the memories flow
Still as funny as ever
Wow, it's been so long since I've seen him play minecraft. This was part of my childhood. Since I was what, 5 maybe.
Og’s where you at
Fluffyyyy
I thought you ended Minecraft?
OMG, IT'S OBSIDIAN!
He fell off years ago
I thought it’s the skyblock in the thumbnail. I don’t like this type of skyblock I like the origianl
Jerome is still the "be loud and jingle keys into the mic" lad and Sky is the straight-man in what Jerome interprets as a magical world
Yas so good hahahahahahaha
I have missed this
Is this going to be a series?
Calm down Jerome
This is epic.
I thought he quit minecraft?
Rip Minecraft
Bacca? Is that what they’re called? It’s been so long...
The nostalgia is strong with this one...
AAAAAAAAA,, THE NOSTALGIA
This video was one giant as 👍
yes sky
He's BACK!?!?!?!?
Did anyone else notice the messed up fences??
The flufffyyyyyyy
Lol, you’re great
How old are all y'all now after all these years?
Sky sounds half dead
Oh the nostalgia!!!
Literally came back here after like 6 years

I am 19 now
Hello again old friend.
Join CallMeCarson’s SMPLive server
Did I travel backwards?
He's back, get the butter
I love you guys
I great to see you back
Yes the nostalgia
so much memories. I'm not crying btw, I just cut a bunch of onions...
the only way i watch minecraft if it is adam ive been watching him since i was 8 and know im 14
Aww... I couldn't Redeem the code :(
wait, did he came back? and i didnt notice?
I want to know what happened sky was so excited for Minecraft but know he is all sad
Nostalgia....
JASON IM STARTLED
like if you an og fan
Who else can feel sky not being happy doing this?
It’s my birthday
He knows so little about mc now, it hurts
Is this a old vid
Gta 5 plz
Modded cops and robbers would be nice if you wouldn't mind
is anyone noticing how quiet Adam is? it's kind of weird. back in his videos he would be enthusiastic to the very end with his friends, always interrupting them, finishing a contagious and hilarious laugh. i don't know, i just noticed that little thing. i just really love Adam, he was always part of my childhood growing up, i just want what's best for him.
Glad he's back
Perfectwaaaaaaaa
Y u sound depressed my dude?
Ur ttelling me that this video doesn't seem off?
Thank you adam
I’m thirteen and you were the very first youtuber I have ever sall and you always made my day when it was going bad. When I was being bullied constantly in school you always remind me to stay happy and keep smiling. I would say that my childhood is coming back but that’s not it my livelihood is coming back!
This made me smile a real smile which is pretty rare these days
Isn’t this supposed to be dead?
What happened to ross
guys guess what! Sky isn't the only one back!!! SETOSORCERER IS ALSO BACK!!! though he been back for awhile but i want people more aware of him returning.
Anyone else feel like he more calm than he used to be less excited to play or so
Plz save Bajan
Can Jerome be any louder?
I miss energetic sky
I came 5 times
This is 2019 right?
jerome is so cute
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAHHAHHAHHHAHHAHHHA
YES!
Yesss chilhood is back
Like if team crafted come back
Jerome is so energetic
The good old days. Which are coming back
Please do another cops and robbers but this time, Jerome better break the bars or something like he did back in the day.
My childhood is back
Y’all should play terraria
It looks like he is playing on a console
#BRINGBACKCOPSANDROBBERS
Can you do sky factory
No one gona ask about the fence and the chest not connected to each other?
Ahhhh the nostalgia
Ho
Damn, I thought this was an old video
HERO OF THE INTERNET
Feels like the old times. Especially when they did the Cops and Robbers. Feels nice for my 8 year old self .
MOREEEE
How do you redeem the code.. I can’t find where I need to go to type it in on there site
I loved the video adam
The memories, y e s
Wow feels greay
Hey I remember this
It is so clear he doesn’t enjoy making these videos
Dunt be mad at me
Who’s been here from the start
Sky is my 6-10 yrs of living now 12
Adam amazing
NO WAY
Sky if your reading this hope  your're doing well
I hope you can enjoy yourself here Adam
I missed these...
Are we gonna get Cops N Robbers soon?
Sky still makes videos?
Is this real life?
The king has returned
Adam sounds so sad
I really would love to see mod reviews
Who misses cops n robbers
modded cops vs robbers..?
My childhood is back
I thought the fluffy was killed by the huge squid when he saw all those pillars with squid spawners. * that old thing with everyone trying to save dawnables " o btw, DA BUDDER! DUH DUH DUH DUH DUH, DA BUDDER, DA DA DA DA
I have a joke for do not laugh its pretty bad but ya know thats what make some of them funny






Set a computer up put a piece of raw meat on a plate next to the computer and start punching it
Say your beating your meat
sees intro  dies from nostalgia
It cool that your back
Yeah your back
Why do i feel sky isnt showing anh emotion
Adam is just doing what jerome says while jerome is trying to advertise the server. LOL
Wait a second...
#MakeMinecraftGreatAgain
fluffy
chase your bag
Adam do you actually want to do this?
Take my shovel
YESSSSS
Adam should bring back do not laugh
Adventure Maps please. With deadlox and jason ! BattleDome with mitch, huskymudkip jerome, kermit bring it back!!!!!😄
The memories are coming back
Thank You
he is so energetic...
"ya bois outta cactuses"
The bad thing is Squid still exists and dislikes the video.
HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I wanna see more cops and robbers and do not laugh again
I love seeing that Adam seems happy again although I feel like that’s all just an act again like last time
I thought this was skys chanel not jeromes
Omg my childhood memories are just rushing back to me rn
Please bring back face cam
Oh if only you didnt switch from skydoesminecraft to begin with maybe your view count and fans would have stayed but at the same time we all grew up
Hey Sky can you do cops n robbers again?
My childhood is back.
jerome is coked tf up
Creators are now starting to realize how relevent minecraft is again
Can you bring back squids
Title makes no sense
mY CHILDHOOD
Love u sky and Jerome !!!!!!!!
The nostalgia hits me in the balls
my childhood is back omg
Sky our Lord and saviour
man the nostalgia hit me so hard i turned from black to white back to black
I need the whole sky gang to come back and let them play cops and robbers!!
THE FLASHBACKS
Oh my God I’m having some nostalgic feel the old sky is back
Jerome is doing more than his part to make this video interesting
So strange seeing Sky so quiet
Yo sky if you are glitching on fences and stuff you might want to put your game on 1.8
Please play with mcuniverse
childhood days m8
I have never been soo happy it's been like 8 years since I last watched you
URA!!! URA!!! OUR PROMETHEUS HAS RETURNED
That’s KSi diss hit him hard now he’s back to Minecraft vids
Where is the playlist
Sky is back baby!
THE FLUFFY AND THE ONE AND ONLY SKYDOSEMINECRAFT
Cactus string sand  cactus string sand. Who knows the reference. It is from another Minecraft YouTuber
Sky we love you
I remember being home using my sisters iphone 4? And watching you all day, honestly i laughed at every video you posted especially your cops and robbers.
all we need is mitch
Nostalgic
It feels awkward lol idky
sky plss collab with ross and aphmau plss
sky army and new recruits like this comment for sky see this
oh my god sky finally back!
I feel like I’m a kid again😭
Get BajanCanadian out here :p
The memories
My 9 year old body is coming back. I'm 15
i feel like watching this is 2014
Hey Adam, if you see this, I have a question. On Sky vs Gaming, will you reuploading YouTube Simulator, I miss the legendary Butts69
This time, Sky sounds more excited and happy. Which makes me happier, last time he sounded so burned out. But he sounds like he's truely having more fun
Mod showcases dude...
Do skyfactory
Play cops and robbers
Adam seems so sad in this vid I hope he feels better if anything is wrong
Do try not to laugh
i dunno if its just me but Adam kinda seemed very... sad during this video..




i kinda felt bad watching it
Play with Ross
Love you
Daddy bacca
Can sky bring me back to minecraft let's see
Three years ago....
Can he play minecraft with Ross
How about some bedwars?
Play more plz and LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEE MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE lol
This feels like the "fake" content you made in 2017
Hi sky how are you
Remember the 2014 days skydoesminecraft
I havnt seen this since i was 7
Does anyone still remember they had an rc race in the office and i really want to know what brand the rc car is cause imma since its already so late
he sounds dead
That old intro oooohh
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
This is weird to see in 2019
what year is it?
Y’all ready? I’m ready
:)
😂😂
Oh My God
Is this real
Are you sure this isn’t young gravy?
I'm 18 now and I'm back here. I love it and I missed it
862nd comment
My childhood...it’s back
me like
MY CHILDHOOD
Finally a gar field Bideo
Awww the memories...
Sky sounds so bored and sad
Make you name SkyDoesMinecraft again
Now we need Ross
Mod reviews?
Those robots or minions sometimes auto deposit into a chest that you choose
Adam is such a mood throughout this video lol
COPS N ROBBERS PLSSS
True
You can feel the difference in youtube personality and a very tierd boi
Are u sure that is sky cuz that does not sound like him
A remember when I was 12 now in 18 and still smiling even though I don't even play this game anymore
OMG
The first Minecraft video I’ve watched in 3 years
Bruh
Hi
DO SKYFACTORY
Watches cause reminded of childhood. Still disappointed that sky can’t make a cobblestone generator.
I want klub ice back!!
Hey react to you song new world and please return to your old ways
Play with preston or ross
Sky is depressed
Bring Ross back I beg
Wait, you still make videos?
i dont see anyone in the comments mention the fact the fences are all broken
Wait why is so trash now ?
It's so weird this man goes back and forth between old Adam and new Adam dude just pick one your actual fans will stick by you, this entire video is a fake persona you put on for views. Forget views and be you that's kinda why people liked you in the first place
OMG DO HUNGER GAMES
My childhood
You betrayed the 9 year olds !
Look SKY blocks the ball 
Then SKY blocks everyone on Twitter 
Afterwards SKY blocks everyone on Instagram 
After that SKY blocks everyone on Myspace 
Then at the end He Disappeared by BLOCKING himself
This is my childhood, I’m happy
DADDYS HOME
noice
JEROME
can u hear 10 year old me crying?
This is so weird to watch...
Is this not another re upload? Cus that’s dope if so
I am extremely hard
Island of the skies anyone?
Sky it be cool if you did a mod pack with some people, I remember the crazy craft days. You probably won’t read this but love you man, keep striving.
Hey sky I’m a long time fan who loved your videos as a kid and would spend literally hours watching your parkour maps and mod reviews, my favourite thing was your cops and robbers series I would watch those episodes for hours and they’d always make me laugh, your videos helped me through a lot of tough times and I know that’s cliche but you were a really important part of my childhood and I really appreciate everything you’ve done, thanks sky
Adam seems like he's doing so much better!! It feels like he's gone back to the old sky and it makes me happy! Can't wait to see more!
I love how when ever Jerome does a video with Sky now, Sky is just like his child and Jerome is teaching him how to like do everything and has to be there to look after him
Eh ehhh eehhhhh LAPIS!!!
probbably Jerome and Sky are the last Mc youtubers that actually mostly contain MC content since we have no hope cause fortnite killed MC thanks man for the vid
Hungry games?
Bruh
No animal are harm in this video
My childhood
I remember when I would be watching him on my IPod touch when the YouTube logo was a TV
OMG OMG OMG OMG THE SHITTYNESS OF EVERYTHING I MISS IT
Adum could you do some thing with Ross in the future  (If you two are still cool I don't want to salt any old wounds) but it would be nices to see you do something with him again because you both singergised so well together and I miss that and now sanes your geting back to your old groove I just was hoping to see you try to reconnect with ever one you can you know
Thats...  Not how to make an cobblestone generator...
Adam can you please upload your Sky versus gaming GTA back Adam can you please upload your Sky versus gaming GTA back on YouTube
What is the iq
I hope he doesn't feel as burnt out as he sounds.
Ohhh my goddd thankk 
Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
ngl Jerome's energy made me realize the personas people put on back in my childhood. 

Not to rip on the guy but I guess nowadays I want something that's genuine
Ok
I used to watch him when I was 8 and I’m about to turn 17 this year 😂
He BaaaaaacCcccck
Childhood
Is this a new video or old
His doing his old voice and it’s sad
O yass
Hey sky I was just asking about doing Minecraft and...........oh............seems time doin it again, first time seein this again wanted to catch up and....... YAYyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
My video quality was literally at 480p so I thought it was like a classic Sky Does Minecraft video with the old crappy quality. But nope just my phone lmao.
it was really boring
omg (.>.)
Just a quick tip: You can make the cactus farm easier and cost less you just need sand, cactus and string; the string hold the sand up and you put the sand where you put the blocks for the fences. It uses less space and makes more money for your island :D Thanks!
All these returning minecraft content is great, I just hope that Adam is happy with what he does now.
Guys I think sky ran out of money so he started up again, he doesn’t seem to be enjoying it
Nice
The year is 2013 Sky and Jerome upload another video your childhood is complete
Nice
okay someone help me, i love minecraft but i dont see the point of vanilla minecraft t be honest
Oh hello childhood
Please bring SSUNDEE BACK
Im a kid
Sky coming back has made me realise that there's a whole generation of kids who are now around the age of 15-17 (or around there) that grew up watching sky. Really makes me feel like I'm a part of something. I missed this fam ;P <3<3<3 hope that other generations will be able to feel and experience the same kind of thing with this
Hey sky, im sorry i havent been the greatest fan lately, as i never visited you for more than 3 years. I looked back at my childhood and here I am. I just want to say how much of a influnece you were to me and you made days seem so much better under stress. I know you will prob never read this, but I might as well try.
FLUFFY!!!!! now where's Huskymudfish?
First of all the memories are flooding back and second of all is it just me or does Adam seem high asf in this?
“I’m quite excited” (actually really depressed) Adam sounds really disappointed
My child hood
Is that stone generator thing a mod?
Wenn die soldaten
is this 2012?
Looks like someone needs money
3:41 the way that craft thoed
Sky does evertrhing doing minecraft again?
👀👀😃😃😃😇😏
Ee
my childhood
Does Adam make Minecraft videos again?
Ssundee is next to play minecraft
hey man, glad to see you back in making minecraft videos. I remember I used to watch you do mod reviews for this game, I hope you will gain millions of views again like you used to!
I feel rebuderd
Oh ma gaw childhood
Jerome try to make Sky happy.........
Uh can I join in x box or does it have to be pc?
adam sounds so sad.
Skydoesminecraft is the person that wanted me to play minecraft. And I just noticed that he's back playing minecraft glad I could see him make videos like this again. <3
So i saw that you are subbed to T-series.






This is a joke he is subbed to Pewdiepie
Childhood has reloaded..*
Me: YAAAAAAAAAAS

On the real tho...sky..all the memories are flooding back to me...you really helped my a lot with my depression when you posted and..this..feels great..I really missed you sky..I hope your doing better.. 

Signed your recruit of the sky army..
-Tawnni J.
Yay
Anybody remember skydoes minecraft hide and seek?
Sub to sky and Pewdiepie if you have a high iq
Haha it would be funny watching sky and jerome playing sky factory (thats the one that has a TON of mods its pretty complicated) since i dont think they are experienced with mods
It’s time for the reincarnation of god called skydoesminecraft
The nostalgia goes crazy but it’s kinda sad to see him re-uploading for money because why else would he post this?
Nobody likes Skyblock anymore, do skyfactory
Why does Adam sound so listless and sad?
Yay
Yay
I am so happy he’s back and playing with Jerome ❤️ Personally even though I loved Ross, all of his older friends such as Jerome, Ssundee, TruMu, Deadlox and others were the best❤️
I feel like if sky comes back to making Minecraft videos I will 100% come back and watch
Wow Sky sounds like NetNobody
I know people grow up but when I saw Adam like this he became a toddler playing Minecraft
Can y’all do hunger games next
If you could somehow get Mudkip, BajanCanadian, Ssundee, or just any of the OG’s back then that would be legendary
Suddenly it’s 2012 and I’m watching this under my covers past my bed time trying to not get caught by my parents
still search for skydoesminecraft
Damn..6 hours ago and the video is up to 33K views, a youtube named Cory who just posted a vid 20 minutes ago already hit 70K views, Shows how much Minecraft went downhill from a global conquoring game to a sheer memory in our hearts
You guys should do prison Minecraft ssundee did it
He’s back I’m so happy
Omg he’s back! I don’t even watch Minecraft anymore but I’m just going to watch this for the sake of watching it!
sorry to say but your a dead Minecraft youtuber.
Bro why is Minecraft rising in popularity again? I mean, this isn’t a bad thing. But it’s just... strange.
i didn’t miss this to be honest
He's back ashidsndjxjehdxjcidejd
i am sorry, but the mic is very shitty and i know why. which is why i don't care at all
This is a sky I know still sounds a little down but hey I understand why
HES HIMSELF AGAIN
Is it just me or are sky and Jerome acting super professional with each other, compared to back when they made videos with each other all the time and they had lots of fun. Their relationship rn seems rlly professional where as before it seemed like they were actual friends
Mad lad.
His voice is so much higher.... gonna guess because of singing.
Is this an old video? Or is it new. If it’s new, I’m gassed.
Awwww....I just hope you’re doing it to make you happy instead of just for the fans.
I keep watching the new videos and feel like crying. Who else?
Brings me back to when i was 7 and always watched sky. But now im 13 i am happy that the old skydoesminecraft us back! 😁
Don't abandon people because of personal problems
I heard ssundee
When ksi destroys you with a diss track so you go back to minecraft
Sky and i
Baijancadian
NOT EVEN 10 SECONDS IN, I CRACKED UP AGAIN! XD
Glad your back.
Fortnite is dead minecraft is back
Do try not to laugh with youtube sensation red factor and berney and the sloth homeowner
I hope this is truly what you want Adam, you sound so tired. I hope you aren’t forcing yourself to play this game for us, please don’t make yourself miserable.
SKyYyYyYYyY!!!!!!!! I remember you from a long time I watched you when I was 9 years old now I’m 14 oml I’ve been subbed for such a long time I just remembered
I’m a little late and this may be out of line but I need help or advice and I look up to you, but if you had to give one or two steps to help someone with what your going through because I don’t think I can handle it anymore it may seem like I want attention but I just want some advice or just a hint or something I’m sorry and you probably may or may not ever see this but I just need something
If only my switch could do servers... 😭😭😭
Adam, you just hit my nostalgia button and oh god it feels good to be back
Is this a reuploaded video
and so my childhood returns once more.

its been so long!
Does this mean da hunger deans is coming back too. OMG!!!!!!
Do pixelmon or crazy craft like back in the day
Wow. So I started watching Adam when he was playing a lot more g mod than Minecraft but I liked the Minecraft videos more. I continued watching through the years until Adam quit. I thought "Hey, if that's what he's gonna do, I'll support him." So to know he's doing these videos which remind me of the older videos, is just a lot for me. Love ya Adam 💕
Good video, man! I hope your good now.
Im crying
This is giving me nostalgia
The NOSTALGIA
My brain hurts
no I’m not crying, that’s you.
Yess
Jerome is carrying this commentary lmao
Wait, so you play minecraft again?
Welp time to get people to join sky and make minecraft alive again, LETS GO
Tbh adam if you get bored of minecraft dont be afraid to mix it up take it from me nothing burns you out of a game than playing it non stop
Cool dood!!😀😀
OMG AT 0:35 YOU HEAR DERP SSUNDEE IS THIS A TEASER
The old intro tears tears in my eyes
Whoa this feels like 2013
Return of the King
i heard jerome said Roblox lol
up theme plays
The intro 😭
The server isnt work I for me :(
this reminds me of the day when i was 12 and i brought minecraft for pc and then almost instantly lost it the same week i got it. ;-; (rip 12 yr me)
pleas do more :D
why ur game so broken lol
I’m earlyyyyy!!! Say hi to ur girl DarkStar here;3
I’m truly happy Adam is uploading, but I would like to know him and not know him as sky but adam
I just want to let Adam know how much I (and all his fans) appreciate his videos. Having my favourite YouTubed producing videos again. We all appreciate you doing videos and you are honestly my hero. You were my childhood and and many other peoples childhoods. You deserve so much more than you have you have countless people through tough times by producing 10-20 minute videos. And we all appreciate you so much
Hey sky
WHOO SKY ARMY IS BACK
My childhood
good to have u back
Is it on Minecraft PE?
So sky and Jerome are the only ones wanting to bring back team crafted?
Please prank jerome
Dude, THE NOSTALGIA!!!
Even the horrible camera quality oooooo gawd
"800+ views" k well they are gone
2013 just hit me like a bus❤️
remember the old one?
**totally didnt fall into a waterfall to save him self**
Sky you are playing on a different version than your server. Your textures are bugged.
I’m having flashbacks and I’m thinking about playing cops and robbers again
BUTTER
WE NEED THE SKY ARMY
TO GET SKY SOME BUTTER
I think when you’re flying you mine really slow
Well isnt this a neat little pack of nostalgia.
YAS WELCOME BACK SKY 💜💜
Your back in Minecraft
Holy crap
Adam is so confused
Do cops and robbers again
God, my childhood is back. I used to watch sky damn near every day playing Minecraft with friends, reviewing Minecraft mods, or just messing around for hours. Back then I was 12, I'm almost 16 now, and honestly I almost teared up not gonna lie. I'm so glad you're back Sky, I know I can speak for all of us in this army when I said that we are all going through a nostalgia trip right now. I'm so happy you're doing better Sky and just remember we're all here for you. <3
This comment section has such bad grammar.
Hey Adam, Could u possibly play some fortnite with SSundee and it would be so fun, and SSundee is very funny so you will really enjoy your time
Jerome is kinda annoying
I HAVENT SEEN THAT INTRO IN YEARS.... OMG I think I’m back to how I was because let’s be honest... non of us feel the same since summer 2014 ? Sky was making videos, minecraft wasn’t gay and there was no worries. Now there’s  responsibilitys and it’s just stressful, I watched the intro of this video and so much stuff dropped off of my shoulders... thankyou sky
This is my favert thing I hop you make more😉
Adam can you do try not to laugh and I love your videos so much I always make me happy and tell Ross that he is always beautiful and to bother Max
Ah I missed that furry baka.
MY OCD THE CHESTS AND FANCES NOT JOINING!!
YES THE FIRST HAS RETURNED NOW WHERE IS THE REST
#pizzaroni lol
This is my random comment for the day.
Where's our boi Ty?
Bring back facecam
Haven't seen jerome in years
HES BACK
I'm drowning in memories
perfect
6:34 Wait. That's illegal
Hey i love then dont get me wrong but has anyone noticed that sky sounds sad just my opinion domt eat me im just worried this man is my childhood
RIP Island Of The Skies
Damn i used to watch when i was 6 and now im 13
i have no idea where to put the code
dude just play with people who are less annoying, play with more chill people like Mudkipz and Deadlox.
Wow hey skythekidrs
man skyblock it's been so long since their was a skyblock and love your videos their awesome and funny as always
Good old times! I needed this
Damn, happy he’s back at Minecraft. I was here since 2013 and never left. Keep it up Adam
inhales

We need to bring back Team Crafted
Sky is really coming back! It's all so nostalgic!
thanks for the $5 Rank I hope to see you on the server sometime
Sky factory is better I think
THE INTO OMG
Adam why you sound depressed and I know how you feel or you're just tired
Face cam
The best crossover event in history
It's been a long time
Dropping a comment for the budder, #SkyArmy
Sky the advertisement
😭
Oh hey
Omg
Why are you still doing Minecraft. Don't you realize what you've done. You're gonna make all the kids come back to the game and ruin it for everyone else dammit
Wow, I was pretty sure this would never happen! Cool to see a pair like this again. Hope you’re enjoying whatever you’re doing right now if you see this Sky. Or whoever reads this. Whichever
Now there iS one person that needs to return and that iS Francis of the Filth so we can have the ultimate YouTube cross over putting together pewds, sky, frank and Maybe idubbz
ADAMMM....





Hi
YOOOO MY CHILDHOOD HAS BEEN REVIVED YOU'RE BACK SKY?!?!?
So glad you’re just enjoying playing and letting us tag along!
I would have done the code but, I just woke up from my 5 hour nap from my notification sound.
Glad you’re back bro^^
Oh yes , a new video , time to cry in my sleep now.
Jesus christ middle school all over again
Oh, he’s back... 😢 I’ve missed this
I have never cried harder before
Oh hell yes
Who is ready for a best series
Man, my childhood, this is it.
Welcome back
:D
Maybe for an extra throwback, you could probably record with Gizzy Gazza????? 





plz
I thought the whole point you left YouTube for a while was to get away from Minecraft; but hey, I'm not complaining.
#skyome uwu
Sky I’m happy your back but I’m super happy your happy
This video sounds super forced. Like they both sound miserable from years of a kid's game.
good To have you back SkyDoesMinecraft!
Omg memories 😭 I love this already.
540 Views, 220 likes, 2 dislikes...…. YOUTUBE IS BROKEN AGAIN CAUSE ADAM IS TOO DARN AWESOME
ADAM YOUR MAKING ME FEEL OLD WITH THAT INTROOOO
The opening scene made me both laugh at the hilarity but cry at the loss of lava
I love you minecraft sky you rule
W H A T
I missed you.
Is this a re upload
thank you adam and jerome
I see sky video I click
We have melooooooons
So happy sky is back
Ayeee
Ah yes
YUSSS
Are you gonna bringing back mods or are you gonna plan on bringing back some of your minecraft crossover series?
Bruh
my 11 year old self has been released to the world
Jerome just looks and sounds like a dad
nobody is mentioning that he is subscribed to t series... you lost all my respect
It's perfect it's perfection 🤣
YAES I LOVE IT ITS BACK
Finally one vid! Awesome
The intro 😪
that intro oml
26 comment I'm too slow
Yessss!!! Sky playing mc again!!!
Viewers: Not




Comments:Original
YESSSSSS
I see
hey adam, how was your day?
500th view
Zip zoom
oh my childhood
Finally
Sup
Hi
HOI
Oof
:) oh ye
#notificationsquad 63rd like :p im here to supporttttttt yeeeeet
Well there goes the lava end video 😂
Hello my fellow nobodies™️
Have a great day everyone :3
I need to post something clever here...
Bacon Man is a God
Ooo fish fish fish
WOAH
Do gadgets dfyd DC
Bacon Man is Life
FLUFFY
Fluffy?
Oh yes
21st but no one cares
helloooo
Yerrrr
Cool
Love you sjy
Duh duh duh duh duhhhhh
Adam sounds so much better here and it makes me happy.
Premium content
No views 20 likes
This makes me beyond happy
YAAAAYYY ADAMS BACK!!!!
Not first
hOI! :•3
First
the old days
💕
Lmao
YEA
Hello
👌
Good Evening I have arrived
Hi Sky
JEROME
Sa
No
Memories flash all around, sky has a big past and it's nice to have new  videos like this
Hi Im Bob
Adam. Buddy you good sound a bit bored or tired don't force your self to  hard ;-;
Nostalgia is hitting me like a full blown building to the face
Can't wait for our new series to launch this weekend ;)
Adam, you sound a bit tired in the video, if your not feeling to well, please don’t push yourself. Btw the “oops” in the beginning had me dead. 😂
everyone's there talking about the modded stuff




Sky be like:   :l
Everyone in the team doing this while Adam runs around not knowing what to do.

Is it 2013 again?
“Harvest their livers” 

Man, I love Jerome.
Holy molly he’s doing a mini game!!!
I love these videos but adam sounds exhausted and i dont want him to keep doing this if he doesnt want to.
Me: wow he brought try not to laugh back so much nostalgia

Nostalgia: hold my beer



Edit: wow thanks I've never got more then five likes
The whole vid u seem like u have no idea what ur doin'... Great vid tho👌
I feel like Jerome is trying his best to make his friend Adam have fun
Damn what a friendship
Everyone yelling about diamond and emeralds and catalysts adam slowly making a stone pick axe great vid
"Hey mat you ready, yeah I got this stick"

Adam "that's how I feel"😂
My brother still working hard!!!! Respect
Hey ik your probably tired and stressed but don’t push your self too much for us, take some time for your self and make sure your ok, we love u adam❤️
Omg this made me so happy! Thx for uploading! 🤩😁
God: Nothing stays forever 

Minecraft: Hold my Beer
Still going and still uploading. RESPECT!
Nostalgia is hitting hard but somethings not there
The music
Sky I MISSED YOU I WAS WATCH SINCE THE FIRST EPISODE OF COPS AND ROBBERS
I love that you're back Adam. I've been watching for years and I've always followed you. I haven't watched your other Minecraft videos yet and I feel bad about that
Sky, Your videos are awesome 😄
Fluffy is back? 
a surprise for sure, but a welcome one.
The real question is, are mods showcases coming back?
That Intro Brought me WAYYYYY BACK 😭💀
When he said he’s going back to his roots he’s really going back. As to his mic quality, to his friends and just pure fun :)
It’s great to see you come back after all these years so I wish you good luck in the future
glad to see you with fluffy again adam!
it melts my heart to see you with your friends again!
So like, does anyone remember the phrase "Nar Nar" that sky said he wanted to make a thing? Example: "That's Nar Nar" or something to that effect.
Minigames are always great fun to watch. If the people playing them are also great, then even more so.
probably a joke but it says Minecraf in the description xd
Ur videos always bring me a smile 😃
Are you ok man you sound kinda sad I'm always open to talk I have every social media on the plant dm me
me: realizes that deadlox does fortnite videos with MR TOP 5
also me: jumps out window
edit: mr top 5: cReEPY  gUy cAmE tO my hoUsE
reality: a friend playing a prank on him
( I agree double trouble )
Ty for uploading again u were like my life lol
No views 9 likes 2 dislikes YouTube drunk
GUYS I JUST FOUND OUT THIS MANS IS SUBBED TO T SERIES
It's weird to see that sky grown up :( So glad I grew up with diamond swords and not golden scars.
"water makes you wet, fire makes you fired"
Me: It's called burning
Now this THIS RIGHT HERE is the OG stuff the memories are flowing in
Yea Jerry’s modded battledomes are kinda bad now no offense Adam
Btw Jerry didn’t teach Adam new PvP
The nostalgia...hurts...so much...you've got me tearing up right now ngl
The intro I havent seen in forever....
Me: Nostalgia
Everything has changed, The bad things are gone and everything now is just so good and nastalgic. Adam thank you!
i haven’t watched a Minecraft video from you in so long and when the video started, i immediately had to lower the volume XD i forgot how loud you are! (jk ilysm)
I was thinking, since you're now new to the whole scene again, this gives you an opportunity to try all the old stuff: cops n' robbers, parkour maps, maps with deadlox, etc. Go at it buddy!!!!
You Should Do A Calab With Ryguyrocky And His Friends (I Basicaly Want You To Do A Epidode Of Daycare With Them)
im so happy!
i feel like im gonna cry
THE INTRO. HOLY BAJESUS I MISSED YOU 😭😭😭😭
Also thx for being back man we missed you for the longest time and i know you helped me in some rough times and hope we can help you in any rough times you have
Ps I'd love to play on the servers with you and deadlox but I don't have a computer I only have an Xbox one ☹️
Epic Jump Map (fan remake maybe) with Jerome and Ty (Deadlox) next??
Everyone like skys videos to suport him. He posiblly could be going through another depression time in life
Hmm this is oddly familiar good to see everyone brings back my childhood and also makes me cry a little
🅱️🅰️🅿️😂👌😭🤗🤔🥳🤪 =my nostalgia and emotions
Its ok Adam you'll get the hang of Battledome 😊
Jerome being all energetic
Sky:eHhHhhh, sure. Eh why not. Just gonna destroy this and that...uh huh. Ah yes. Mk
Intro: SKY. DOES. MINE-CRAFT. BOOOM
Man, this seems real classic, like, pre mini game craze kinda classic.
I love it
YES YES YES I LOVE YOU ADAM  i used to watch you since the roomates seris and all the try not to laugh seris!
Holy JESUS SKY YOU WERE IN AN ANIME CALLED TOKYO ESP?! AWWWWWWESOOOOOOME!!!!!!!
Hey! You Should Do A SCP Mod With CavemanFilms He's Been Doing alot of SCP Stuff.
It's been so long and you still have the same intro I've been watchjng since you still did the mail thing this is not even my old account I've been watching you since
Well keep it up
Alright. I've been subbed since 2011 where are my mod showcases?!
Jerome is so nice! BUT ADAM SOUNDS LIKE HES BORED but thats ok
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPy to see you okay again I wish you the best of luck and remember we're here for you.
Hey Sky! Just a random question you don't have to answer: Will you reupload the Project Happiness videos at any point? Loved those!
This is my first time watching you in like 6 years <3
Great video my man. Also, I hope you've been feeling better, you sound a little tired. Go at your own pace.
You should play rust, fortnite, csgo, rainbow 6 etc.
Nostalgia hitting me like FALCON PUUUUUUUUNCH
OMG THIS BRINGS BACK SO MANY MEMORIES 
TEAMCRAFTED MEMORIES!
Adam, gotta be honest. Sometimes even if you're tired or bored you just gotta push through. Trust me, the hard work will all pay out.
Nice video as always Adam. Keep up the good work dude. People enjoy your content. Always keep that in mind when making great videos dude. Don’t push yourself too hard ofc lol
i love these kinds of videos adam! but please rest. you sound tired, dont overdo it! <3
lmao but this was hilarious
This is all that's left? Yep, We're the pathetic dirty foursome and you make five








Nice to see the gang back together
I call this one: Battle Dome on crack
Episode starts
Everybody: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
even if the vid islow quality i will still be loyal to sky YEET
Oh my gosh he's training the new Minecraft YouTubers
xD
thumbnail noo...
it's Jerome Yeeeeeeees
I love that you still play minecraft with friends
I was wondering sky if u could put the mods and texture packs you use in the description. Please and thank you !!!!
Man dont you just love having a video start with screaming XD
i love the random msgs that are just like yeah i dont know whats happensing
Is there any chance that you could bring back Minecraft Pirates Roleplay?  With a change of cast of course.  You could redo season one with a different cast of characters.
Man Sky was always my favorite back in the day. It's so crazy I'm in college now and I still like your stuff man. You deserve every like you get.
Don't worry EVERYONE... He's getting the hang of it since Day 1 Play 1 on minecraft...




You know... His first video
NOSTALGIA IS HITTING ME TOO HARD
This intro, JeromeASF, holy crap the nostalgia is so hard
"Fire would get your fired"

Umm, Jerome, I think that's called being burnt.
I got the video notification on the toilet... 😐
It’s a wild fluffy they are magnificent creatures
Its funny because i just watched a mini game bedwars video also the return of modded battles -3-?
My god...

I actulie thought this was a reupload of an old video
Hey man you will catch up to them, you will be the Legendary Butter king ouhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!
He so calm its different but good
Just the beginning and the intro almost made me cry from nostalgia.
Gotta love the windows media maker
I have been crushed by nostalgia. Btw you sound a bit tired. You doing okay?

The text is killing me. It’s such a mood. Still have no idea what I’m doing. Same Adam same.
“How notch intended “
Oooo boy he intended for a LOT of things but that was definitely not one of them
hey can you play the game dead by daylight, i play it a lot and i think you'll like it. It reminds me of the phrase "SACRIFICES MUST BE MADE!!!!!!"
Oh my god the intro the nostalgia
wow thats a nostalgic intro
All he needs to do is have the "Noisestorm: airwaves" background music
It's yo boi skydoesthings BACK at it again with another video
That intro just decked me in the face
adam, we love you, we thank you for the amazing childhood. but you sound so tired dude. don’t do this for us. do it for yourself.
XD I CAN HEAR A PLANE AROUND THE 7 mark
This is reminiscent of older Skydoesmine videos
OMG SKY AND JEROME ARE BACK TOGETHER!! BRINGS BACK SO MAY MEMORIES 😆
i’ve watched your videos as a kid back in 2011-2013, it warms my heart to know you’re still making the same great content :)
@Sky Does Everything love seeing you back to playing Minecraft
Man I watched you years ago when you were just starting out doing mod reviews. It's good to see you back in action and it's great to see you taking better paths. We've missed you man.
The old intro is back yes
Sees “Raven”

Hmmmm
Man that item is a good way of mining and love your videos their awesome and funny as always
seeing this made my day xd
nostalgia! NOSTALGIA EVERWHERE
YES!! I MISSED THIS SO MUCH!!!
Omg I miss this ima bout to watch all the new Minecraft series
FINALLY I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS GREAT CONTENT
THE INTRO IS BACK YAY
I dont know if I missed something but I have a question. Why dont you play with Ross anymore?
Adam sounds and plays like he's depressed 😥😢 just wanna see him energetic and alive again dude is literally my childhood.
Waiting for a Sky Does Everything CallMeCarson crossover
i love you adam, i know your having rough times. i love you.
Aww man you used to blow up all of a sudden everyone shifts to Fortnite
The Intro had me crying on the floor...I missed intros like these
Hey, if ur feeling better, u should try a game called ark, if only pve to not desl with stress
You guys should play bridges again!!! Those were some of my favorite videos.
I'm happy that he's back but he should push too hard and I'm also glad that jerome is very supportive on Adam's current situation. We hope that you can recover soon and other youtuber can support your cause.
Dud try hitting less often cuz of the 1.9 combat update
So like it's this joke right, Max is so salty if you drop them into a lake he can turn it  into a ocean🌊
I saw it pop up and squeaked I'm happy your posting again ^w^
Hey sky you sound upset and I understand why I just want to tell you that you're a good YouTuber you've been my inspiration and if it wasn't for you I would be sad you and a  YouTuber named Blitzwinger with only things in life that I was excited for and now I see the world only way so thank you sky keep doing what you're doing
Everyone's commenting on him sounding bored, I'm like... Meh on it? I think Adam's just calmed down a crap-ton from therapy, or possibly something similar.
you should play fortnite sky does every thing
Lmao you NEED thatguybarney because you can legit just look at his skin and laugh
I’ve missed you so much glad to have you back😃!!!!
Also where's ross...you still friends with him???
Oh damn the old intro is really sticking
When are you going to post season 2 of pirates
I MISS THE INTRO SO MUCH MORE THAN I THOUGHT
Who wants him to do a modded series? Or join other youtubers SMP?
I need ross joke weres is luigibut still i like ur vid
Did you know you are a good person?
Good to see you doing better love the content keep it up been subbed since cops and robbers
First YouTuber that I saw was you and your vids made me very happy. ps they still do. I checked out my oldest phone, an iPod , and I had like parkour maps with Truemu and deadlox, cops n robbers and survival games screenshots of your thumbnails like almost every 😂❤️
Even when you sound so tired you’re still funny.

Jerome: AHHHHHH
Adam: hey. 7:09
Honestly I rly don't think it's the fact that he's tired I think he's just now getting back into the utube bizz so he's just quiet & learning how to do it. 

It seems that he's restarting just from a disadvantage this time
you guys have no life to click on a video notification so fast
Go at your own pace man, you shall one day rise like a Butter Phoenix! Just gotta take your time, sounded pretty tired is why I am sayin this. But we really do appreciate the upload, hope your treatment is going well and that your day is great.
I WAS THE 420th LIKEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
i love you sky
There’s an attack timer for 1.9+ so swinging atks won’t do much
This awesome sky I am still going to watch you always even though I am 20 and still single. I already can't believe I am 20.
As I watched this perspective I started to feel so bad for Adam
Sky i have one word to say thankyou
4:42 But you're not on fire the fire is on you! Lol
Adam sounds so tired, Jerome was trying his best to cheer him up and that makes me so happy Lmao
Hey Sky, if you want an editor for your videos, hmu, I won't charge anything. Like this comment so Adam can see it!
U sound like u are dying , get genki bro add oil
Sky army unite
We need the find the diamonds
Only TRUE OG'S remember the pizza rolls video
Is it just me or does Jerome always sound like he has a bad microphone
ALRIGHT LETS GET THIS MAN HIS OLD TEAM BACK MOVE IT
i forgot what timeline we are on again
play other games you sound like you not into it maybe you need something else
WHO LIKE MINCRAFT
sorry if you see this sky I really thought you were gone but I randomly got one of Jerome's videos thin went to his page and saw you and well i'm just glad you are back you were my child hood.
Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaan I'm 16 now and this still gives me enjoyment
Keep up the great work sky!  This was great!
it's nice that yall still get together to play!
Do more of these, also you okay sky you sound down
When you give Adam a tool with the power of the sun "Oops" is not the word you wanna hear from him
The old intro :D
Holy shiiiet daaawn
Bring back the face cam you sexy beast
I miss sky play Minecraft and I'm happy its back
It doesn’t work




O O P S
Bruh, when did I step into a time machine.
AY HECK YES MEMORIES
ADAM, WAIT FOR THE WHITE BAR TO FILL BEFORE HITTING OR IT WILL DO BARELY ANY DAMAGE
Adam be Sky again please my brother would love it thx anyways
Hi SkyDoesEverything
hey bud! i love your videos and have been watching you since childhood! this brings back so many memories and i love it <3 whatever you do, your REAL fans support you. don’t work yourself stiff. do whatever makes you happy   <3
Was that the good intro!
Hi Adam love the vids
Battle dome!!!
your done for haha. your videos are over 11m subs and 70k views. your not excited anymore and your videos have a lot less effort into them. more like your doing this for spare time. i watched every single one of your videos back in 2009-2008 and you don’t have the same energy anymore haha. your bored of this i can tell
Sky, buddy, friend, butter lover, childhood god I have one question for you.



Is it true that your subscribed to  (no hate plz, just a pewdiepie fan)
I’m glad your back tho bro I’ll always be here
I loved battledome videos man that was my childhood good to see it's back
Da squids shall Neal before the mighty butter throne
The Nostalgic Intro
Hey Sky, long time fan. I’d like to play with you if you are ever interested <3
Great video! I'm so happy you're back!
Oh my god that intro
I miss Do not laugh. ;(
Adam hope your doing well, you sounded kinda upset so I just wanted to tell you that your awesome!!!
I just went back to old vids and the difference between this vid and the old one is a lot HAHA. Less hyper, which is hilarious
OMG the old opening is back I'm crying right now oh my God
Jerome: those are some nice feet. Get the axe😂
Getting such a throwback!! Thanks sky!
It’s been so long since I’ve seen one of Sky’s videos. The nostalgia.
STAR FREKIN POWER
Adam I think you might have forgotten how to play
Old intro 😊
Ayee 777! Mark of the...leprechaun?
😱 0:19 🤯
5:07 me on a day to day basis
Watching since the first Ep of cops and robbers
When Thou Cactus 🔄
for the love of butter get better audio
Game is similar to  battle dome mini game they used to do a long time ago
0:38 pause the video and you'll see a swastika
THIS GREAT CONTENT
I live in your air ducts
omg this dude is still playing? props to ya adam
My life has been better since you returned
i think someone just shot me with memory arrows from the back
i love you sky i missed these
REeEeEeEeE feels like the good ol days
Adam, there's a cool down when swinging your weapon.
Now this puts a smile on my face
butter....
Yay!! More vids
i wonder why jerome and bajan are not playing together??
so glad to have these back ily
I see a Mega Man i instant like
Skype DO MORE COPS AND ROBBERS
I'm close to adulthood but I'll still support you #budder #budder #budder
oh god how i missed them T^T im crying so hard right now
The rehabilitation is going well...
NOSTALGIA BRUH THIS BRONGS ME BACK
Is it weird that I was almost crying when I heard the intro?
Is it weird that I was almost crying when I heard the intro?
This nostalgia is hitting me better than my depression
that intro music though
Play a game that makes you happy
He skyarmy is back my childhood is back!! 😄😭😭😭
we watchin some  minecraf legends
I’m looking forward to this neo age of sky fun
Why is Adam being tired when everyone around him is energetic so relatable to me? XD
Love you sky <3
MEROMEEEEE
#SkyFor2020President
I think Raven has... happy feet
I live for you Adam! I miss the good ol days
Don’t force the energy, it’s okay.
Is thia reuploaded i dont see this vid on any other channels and i know adam went on a reupload streak
If only he puts tht one electronic music in the background
Is there going to maze runner 2?
why were you spamming attack? do you not know 1.9 combat?
Sky my guy it’s my guy Sky

Bu y (doe)
Adam, let me tell you something. Your resurgence from darkness and returning it MC has revived my love for watching and playing Minecraft. Thank you.
wait what is this 2013 who gave me the acid trip
FLUFFY!!!
FLUFFY!!
Hhahahahahaah
Did anyone else almost cry at the opening
His og fans are crying including me because he returned. Tears of Joy.
Only OGs remeber back in the good old days
Boobies. Yes.
I-I'M HAVING FLASH BACKS
This just reminds me of the old days
Yea break that teams vegan i believe in you
When you miss do not laugh with Ross
You know for a long time now I missed fighting you in a funny way even though I don't like you but I'm like the zim and your like the dib from invader zim yes I'm a invader zim nut hahaha I AM ZZZIIIMMM that's my invader zim impression hehe and while you were gone I've gotten a little lazy but now you are back and on the high aleart and I'm not lazy anymore basically for a long time now it was like the unfinished episode of invader zim moppiness of doom that JV shown at invader con and invader zim makes me crazy happy EEEEEEEEEE I LOVE INVADER ZIM MYSELF HAHAHA CHAOS CHAOS CHAOS
you sound so confused buddy
I actually love this
Glad to see you back been a while
OMG UR BACK
I'm glad sky is finding his way again
sky!!!
Why do I feel like Adam is just absolutely B A K E D the whole time
anyone know what mod they're using?? or modpack??
ADAM!!!!
Ok this is beautiful
who knew that I’d be in high school watching skydoesminecraft,, stay strong my dude love u
YOOO He's back!?
WELCOME BACK SKY :)))
thank you for coming back and have fun with your friends and enjoy what you do
What mods are you using?
The word Jerome was looking for is burned
Adam I'm Soo sorry for not being hear I've been watching ur vids for like 6 or something years my favorite series of yours iscops and robbers in my favorite role play series of yours is pirates I was really excited to see season 2 but I knew you were going through a hard time so I didn't bother you about it but I hope you're doing well and seriously don't push yourself when you need a break take it please
The intro made me cry
I forgot about the old intro hell ya
Saaaaa dude
Yeeeeeeee boiiiiiiiii
Question. I havent watched these videos and have not got the time too but does he curse in videos still? I used to love the ones where he did. Any other time his commentary was stale tbh
butter intro is bacc
ROLEPLAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sky was the first youtuber that I watched and will always be my favorite
Stay strong man stay strong
Could u please unblock all ur SkyVSGaming videos
The intro animation is back
Nostalgia is hitting me but don’t push yourself if you don’t want to. We can leave the memories in the past. I love you bro
I’m so fucking glad he is back. I’m a sophomore in college now but this brings back wonderful middle school memories. I might cry.❤️❤️❤️
Damn


said my brain
Hearing adam talk less makes me depressed 😢
That's  nostalgic battle dome!!
Can I have some of those diamonds
I miss this dude
Is this a re upload
Adam I love you so much!
Didn't dis man stop his Minecraft game?
Hi sky luv ur vids
He must not like this much he has not changed his intro in like 5 years oh how the times have past thank you for being my childhood
I'm so happy to seehejs back
Guess the whole “Netnobody” thing didn’t work out eh? Lol
Yay for modded battle dome!
AWWW I MISSED BATTLEDOME
You sound a bit off, don’t force yourself to do something that you don’t enjoy. Take care of yourself 💜
who like minecraft
0:19 💢😱
who like minecraf
This....... this is beautiful
I love this so good to be watching new vids . Never left and I’ve just been watching old vids . Hope you feel better sky
More MORE MORE MORE!!!!!
He sounds so depressed 😂😂😂
Start a pixelmon series
Adam are u ok, because you don’t really sound that happy in the video??
If you wait to hit you do more damage
Thus started teamcrafted....
Play cops and robbers again :) real up to you if you want to
Adam I hope you're doing well, I hope you get to see your son, and your music is definitely good, don't let anyone tell you otherwise!
hi sky love your vids
Glad To See You Back Sky
omfg the intro
Honestly I can relate
Actual legend
Someone pls teach Adam 1.9 combat...
Omg it’s been awhile since the last time
So happy your uploading again
First...
Fluffy boy your back
Just like the good old days
I got the like to 1k I feel so cool
honestly sky im glad ur doing a lot better
Dude, don't push yourself! You sound so dead tired. We understand if you need to relax
This gives me so many happy memories w also does this remind anyone else of Battle Dome?
DO A PARKOUR MAP
Yeah no, guys he's not okay. This video and his emotions in it all feel forced as hell. He sounds genuinely tired. If your a really old fan you'll know in the past when he played these minigames he would scream his head off and call Jerome "fluffy." Now he sounds so tired and sad. 

Sky don't force yourself if your not up to it yet. Me and most of these former minecraft kids will watch you till we're thirty just because of what you went through.
Try to do more stuff with aphmau and Ross
I am so glade you are back
BLADE YUSSS
Hopefully we can see u an Jerome and Minecraft universe and deadlock do a park core make together again
Sky, are you gonna play with mitch and quinton aswell?
jerome is cool for playing with him still
For Adam all it takes is a couple identity crises to get back on track
The intro hits me right in the feel
Star platinum
BATTLE DOME ITS BEEN TO LONG
I just want to see you and Jerome curse and make actual funny jokes
Id love more of this
Jerome!!!!!
My childhood has returned
Is this a re upload or is it a new one??
Sky u skipped your duolingo lesson for the last week.... no more budder
Sky you should do "do not laugh" again!
This was intense af
I missed these
I just ate raw meatballs.
Teh memories are comming back!!
JAYROME AND SKY REUNITTTEEEEE REEEEEEEE
The boy is back!!
I love you... notice me pls....
I am so glad that you are back sky I missed you videos sorry I was last by a year.
boy that was some good wholesome old-school fun ^^
Adam sounds high. Lol
i haev three words ... pink men slapping on each other
HES BACK!!!!!!!
These kinds of videos make me feel like I'm in 2013
OMG MY CHILDHOOD IS RUSHING BACK
It brings good old memories
adam sounds deppresed...
De unly wun u edit is writng wurds at de screan n put de intro et de start
I thought I was dreaming
I just hope he is having fun
wholikeminecraft
It’s okay that you don’t know what you’re doing, your trying, and that’s all that matters ❤️
Weres the face cam
Internal screaming
Can u do not laugh and make a bunch of rainforest birds
Second comment
THIS EXISTING HIT ME LIKE A TRUCK
Loved this.
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee wezzy!
Sky old mic's better
Adam still has no idea what's he doing
I love this!!!
Yo Jerome still got that energy... Adam you sound too bored or down when ur playing this... dont push yourself to do something you dont wanna do
im gonna cry
THE FLUFFY
DESTROY DA SQUEEDS!!!
Sky dose apex legends
Rember mine prank
YEP HES BACK
I love Project E
Please make music again
that was so cool!!
Jerome: heh heh steal his lunch money
Hey if you ever have a chance please do the Minecraft roleplay I really like those videos
Could youmake videos like thie longer
Good Video Adam ^^
Yall remember maze runner?
Nostalgia is all I fell
I hope he is okay. I hope he isn't bored. I hope he is getting enough sleep too. We all wish him the best.
Yes im early
Sky went ":\"
o o p s
MY CHILD HOOD
Good vidro
Ulga got out of the bookcase yaa
HES BACK
Bring back modded cops n robbers
Jesus the nostalgia hit me like a damn truck
well, i guess someone ran out of money
I missed you and your videos
Adam why do sound like your sad
IS THIS BATTLE DOME!?!!?!?!?!??!?!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
Not watched sky in years why does he sound depressed and never laugh anymore ????
It's the little things in life that make you the happiest
This makes me feel like 6 years younger again
Adam seems depressed... is everything allright
Damn takes me back
Ive never been stoked like this in a loooooong time
adam please do something with max and ross all of the OGs are doing these oldschool groups and games please do it
Yo ma boi ADAM go crazy dhvshabssyj go stupid sihdbeiansh NOSTALGIA
Adam not knowing what he is doing is me in math
I have no idea what I’m doing still support
Yo Sky, thanks for making up my childhood and continuing to do cool stuff, it feels good to be a little kid again.
He's sued to T-series
Adam Be like: wait that's how Minecraft works now? WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Did anyone see the description where it says underneath the date “Minecraf”
Omg I miss this
hi guys i loved this video
this nostalgia is killing me
Do pixelmon
My guy i been watching your vids for a long and im not saying you have to be jeromes cringey(sorry) brand of constatntly happy but if you dont wanna play mc anymore dont force yourself to play. I dont think most of the fanbase cares whether you play it or not if youre not enjoying it.
Giggity giggity goo
The opening reverted me back to my childhood
Those fun 7 yearold years is still fun
Mini-Games yaa
Hes back!
Ahh it’s good to have you back
Fire will make you flamed
I missed this 😂😥😀😀😀😀😀
Came her for nostalgia ;)
Next up mod showcase
Does this make anyone else depressed, idk why
do hide and seek
Sky seems slower thab usual
:3
Funny as always
Minecraft is better than Fortnite
I'm actually going to cry my childhood is coming back
NOSTALGIA IS COMING TO MEE
YAY MINECRAFT
OH MY GOD
Omg old dayssss
Me n Jerome probably wont make it far- we know the craft but we probably cant fight- nod nod
He sounds so quiet
I’m liking every new video from now on
Nothing but love and support my child hood video maker love you Adam
Who misses the Ross guy
Hunger games
Says I’m leaving.... makes another Minecraft video 😂
Finished watching all of the old battle dome videos and came here
First lol
Lol oops XD
Sky sounds like he’s high
JEROME now where is Barnie
Adam please make more episodes
OHHHHH MYYYY GOOOOOD
When you feel like your 12 yr old self again
ISSA FLUFFY
BATTLE DOME?!
first
first
first
Battle dome is back
Never have I ever
GOOD VID
How long till sky notices my comments? you have to wait after each attack
All hail the SkyArmy
You sound hella depressed
happy feet is aqualy a movie
Adam is me when ever I play video games with friends
Stream minecraft plss
Hi💞💞💕👌🇨🇦😏
Adam sounds so confused when he talks
Hey Adam do you think you'll team up with Jerome and play Pixelmon (Pokemon mod) with him or make a Pixelmon series WINK WINK NUDGE NUDGE
comment down bellow if sam is poopman95
NOSTALGIAAAAAA
Only Ogs remember sky does episodes
U need to find the og crew
ahhhhhhhh the nostalgia omg
Nostalgia!!!!!
Is this new
You dont seem like you used to be, you need to find a game that you have fun on and that you wont be bored on
Nostalgia hit me hard
adam sounds high yo
How are you
I hope you and KSI has settled the beef even though that was almost 2years ago
everyone who hit the dislike button had their devise upside down and tried to hit the like button but instead hit the dislike button
Collab with BajanCanadian again
Damn.
Sky don't spam click when attacking, it does more damage because Mojang added cooldowns to weapons.
I haven’t watched you in years
It’s incredibly awesome to have you back
yayayayayay
Remember when this man quit youtube?
MINECRAFT IS BACK
I dont recognize 90% of the people here
It’s.... Minecraft I’m so so happy 😀
Adam is like Todoroki
Hes back
Take a break and rest
It’s so weird to hear him so calm during a battle dome
Why did i think this was golf?
I'm so old
The only reason I like this is nostalgia, and I hate myself for it
Butter
Wow jeromeasf and skydoesminecraft. I remember the cops and robbers days thee old days oh how I long for them back. The nostaliga hit me harder than a belt
FLUFFY
Yay old sky is back
what year is this?
It's back
I want more plz
The baca!
and so, after a long time of rapping and playing fortnite, adam, or his youtube alias "skydoesminecraft," returns to make more content...
So sad sky
another fun video i love watching your videos sky!
This is awseome.
Hi
Neat
So you're back?
Almost first
How many people here have watch Sky since they were 12?
Kkkk
Skyyyybro
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg 😭😄
Adam!  One.  Point.  Nine.  Combat.  The rules changed after 1.9.  You can't spam anymore, otherwise you only do half a heart of damage.  See that little sword meter that appears under your crosshair whenever you swing something?  Wait for that to fill and disappear, then you can maximize damage.
Nostalgia
What I wouldn't give to go back to 2014
😞✌
:)
I CANT
It’s like the good old days
opps
Do a cops and robbers
Oops 😂
🌮TACO🌮
How bout pixelmon cuz it’s still pretty fun.
#adamdoesntneedtoknowwhattodotowin


remember to take a break whenever you want one because we care about you, i watched your videos when i was younger and i always died of laughter, but when i saw you sad i was sad because someone i loved was broken down because of people i didnt see for who they were, remember... minecraft, music, whatever you wanna do, i will always support you... we all will, because even if you dont think it, every single one of those 11 million and more people care about you, we all love you, not sky, but adam... if adam wasn't here, then we wouldn't even have sky, so its not sky who we should love, its adam who we should love


ill cya later as one of many recruits who love you, goodbye
My Childhood has been repaired
Oops
Hello
All the people that are saying that he’s seems “tired” need to chill. Watch his update from a month ago. This was pre recorded and he’s currently at a center to help his depression stop freaking out about it. He’s fine.
OG intro omegod
yes
MY CHILDHOOD
happy noises
Yea
Yea
WHERE ROSS, MITCH, BAJIN, SUNDEE, REE, MAXXX, APHMUA,BARNEY, who TF these people... Not tryin to be rude but did something happen between all of them? ( btw love Jerome)
Oops
Oops
I can now die in peace. Our SkyArmy Leader has returned.
Adam pleeese don't start playing fortnite like ssundee
Is Adam bored?
jerome!
oops
Did I go back in time?
Woooo
bring back da hunga games ples
oops
Hi
Hi
Flufffy
Okay Adam what kind of weed are you on, why are playing minecraft???
What is this freight train of nostalgia
Neinkraft
God, Adam cannot force a smile to save his life and it really shows. If anything, Sky should join the Achievement Hunters or something just because he could probably be more expressive and true to himself there. Also he's kinda like a younger version of Geoff Ramsey considering they've both had relationship issues and both are loving fathers. It's a farfetched idea, but it's just something so crazy it might work?
Chicken
But fr are you ok?
Oops
Me like
Nobody tell him to not spam the sword
Im gonna cry. Its so. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Cool
Ty’s foot
Cool
Hey bro, if ur not feeling good then take some time please, you sounded tired (no offense). We will all be waiting here and supporting you no matter what! #skyarmy
Ay sky I have watched you a long ass time and u don’t sound happy to play this game right now u know there is other games :P come on buddy don’t try to hard
I remember when I used to watch Sky when I was 5 because I am 11 right now
PLEASE LISTEN. you probably have a 0% to read this, but I want you to hear me out. Minecraft has a new combat system, there is now a penalty for clicking too fast. let me explain. do you notice that tiny sword icon below the cross at the center of the screen? well whenever you attack, it quickly appears on the screen and fills up, the more it fills up, the more damage you will do. if it fills up all the way, then you do a powerful sweep attack that can hit multiple enemies. this is why you shouldn't spam click, because the bar doesn't have enough time to fill up even a little bit, so you do astronomically less damage overall. I know you won't read this, but I sincerely hope you will learn it at some point... thank you
I'M hERE
Hellooooo
If Bajan, Husky, Dedlox and Sparkles we’re here I would literally die of nostalgia
So no cops n robbers?
He's not tired guys, he's just high
are we back in 2015?
YAY
Un private the sky vs gaming videos or at least make them unlisted.
Oh dear
Only true OG's remember minepranks
Man if you dont like minecraft dont do it. People like us who have watched you from the start will support whatever you do. But when you do these, as much as we like seeing the old gang together, we can tell you arent into it anymore and it hurts us. Do you bro
bajancanadian isnt with jerome ?
Ay
Yo
Yo
gg
Love
Is it just me or is the quality of the Minecraft videos decrease after Sky came back?
Adam give me a galaxy s10 plus prism black 128gb and I'll teach u how to play minecraft
Hey I know you probably won’t read this Adam but I honestly love your vids. I have been watching your videos since the third episode of sky does Minecraft OG. I would use my moms YouTube account to watch then I made three other accounts. I just have one question. Will you max, Ross and the others ever make a video together again?
Is it just me or does anyone else think that Adam sounds either tired, or depressed? Cause I know its been a loooonngggg time since he played Minecraft, but still just kind of listen to how he was before, it's just not the same
Welp
How many Likes can this comment get for Adam to do a TRY NOT TO LAUGH,plzzzzzzzz
I’m confused...is this spleef or hunger games?
Hii
wouldn't it be epic if he made a group of popular minecraft youtubers and they made videos together
Don’t blame adam because he did bad things SQUID brain washed him for revenge.
I still love you man, but you have kinda lost your spark. I just watched some of your old videos and you sound way less happy in your newer videos than your old ones. Edit: Accidentally clicked finish before I was done, but please don't force yourself to much man. Just be happy and go at your own pace. Please don't let depression weigh you down.
Where’s ssundee and bajan🤧😢
Not what I thought u looked like when I was 5
Hey Adam, I know you have been on quite a journey. It's been rock bottom for you, but I want you to know that I am so proud of you. I remember when you uploaded so many videos and hearing your voice, I knew you were faking it. When you crossed out your icon, I knew you were hurting. I didn't realize what was wrong and I was worried for ya tbh. You don't even know me XD. But I've been there, three times actually. Treatment was horrible, but it saved my life. I struggle with depression, anxiety, PTSD, and compulsive eating disorder and had to deal with so much pain, trying to self medicate just like you. I wanted to give up, but I looked up and saw my family, my friends. People that cared. I still struggle, but I know I have people to go to when I feel alone. All I want to say is that you have people around you who support you and love you. You have 11 million recruits right by your side. Don't forget about your support. Stay strong, Adam.  (Sorry for the long message)
Um Adam, why are you subbed to tseries?
You sound kinda sad like different than you use to be it’s weird but maybe I’m trippin
5:43 SSundee will remember that
You sound tired man. If you’re really not enjoying all of this, don’t force yourself man. We’ll all support you.
Dude,can you play with ssundee again? Pleaseee?
Now put your name back to skydoesminecraft
SSUNDEE Would be triggered!
Ye sound lik u dunt care wut de fek
What ever happened to Minecraft? :(
Guys, stop freaking out, you heard Adam he wants to play minecraft again, he probably just prerecorded the episode while he was suffering from the side effects of his medication chill.
IM HERE!! PLEASE DON’T SAY YOU FORGOT AFTER 5 YEARS,
The old sky does Minecraft still in there he still got it
Hey sky do you not play UHC in minecraft with YouTubers
Yay
Yay
Take a break if you need to man dont tire yourself
This is proof that God exists. SkyDoesMinecraft is back
If your tired of Minecraft, change to terraria. I think it’s more your taste in gaming
Yo Adam, if you’re not feeling too good please don’t push yourself to post content. I, as well as most of you followers, are more focused on how you feel whether than the content you used to create. We are thankful for you everyday :)
Like the other guy said dont try to hard no one is forcing you to make videos
Can you try to play with ssundee
You don't sound as happy as you used to be in ur vids...take your time don't force yourself to make vids
Sky you sound tired. Don’t rush it post when you want to don’t feel rushed
What happened to Ross playing Monopoly in 2015 also what happened to Hey guys sky here
Adam you sound really bummed or bored idk y but if its cuz hate minecraft dont play it play something fun or u enjoy
Just so you know, you can't swing all the time with your sword anymore. If you look under your crosshair when you swing, you will see a recharge for the weapon
😊😊😊
Adam if you'd like to take a break from minecraft we understand. Do anything you want. Idc if its a vlog, a skit, or if its another game.
It’s kind a weird movie just skipped a lot but other than that it’s pretty cool I’m glad you and Jerome are back together
GET BACK WITH SSUNDEE PLEASE
ADAM DONT SPAM YOUR SWORD
I’m like a little girl on Christmas thats really excited for a present and the present is him uploading
Guys, remember, he's in treatment right now so it'll take him a while until he reads these comments.
you're actually playing with the bois, dude chieldhood nostalgia man bring back team jelk!
ADAM. DONT. SPAM. CLICK.
Sky army baby wooo!!!!
Sky, you sound extremely bored and unenthusiastic about doing this. Please dont feel like you're forced to keep playing minecraft. Play what you want to play. If that's not minecraft, then that's okay
Is it just me or does Adam just sound normal..? That's just how he talked before the "HEY GUYS SKY HERE WELCOME TO DO NOT LAUGH EPISODE 246" times
Adam dont force youself to do this we will support anytjing you want to do dont do stuff you dont like you sound well board and exsusted and tierd
Adam are u good? U sound a bit tired or bored. Are u ok now? cuz i saw that stream where u were crying. Anyway i luv u
God this brings nostalgia i just came back cause i was bored and i didn't even know you started doin minecraft anymore i remember seein that goodbye vid and i thought it was just over for the minecraft vids. Good to have you back sky
The og fans never leave their hero. Don’t force yourself to play if you don’t want to, Adam. We all understand the struggle you are going through, as a matter of fact, some of us are going through depression as well. If making Minecraft videos makes you unhappy, you can always do vlogs or something. We’d love to see what is going on with your life. Like if y’all agree 😁
Damn KSI really ended your career so bad that you had to go back to Minecraft.😱😱😱. You’re such a hypocrite😂😂
Couch potato
I do really love this but please be a bit more energetic next time!
I'm srry adam I dont find amusing anymore when you were hilarious all the time you sound bored af tho
We get it, you watched Sky during summer break when you were 12. no one cares.
Geez when u said u were back i didnt think once a month
This is like stepping into a time machine and finding myself at 12 years old watching Minecraft lets plays at 2 am on summer vacation... Thanks Sky
dissapointed in the amount of views this had. it deserves millions. this is revoloutionary that hes playing minecraft again, with the same intro.
This video had a lot of important topics, but can I just take this post to appreciate his use of 'whom'?
Sky : Returns to Minecraft

Minecraft YouTubers : careful, the legends back.
Jones Brothers: Back together
Miley Cyrus' wing: on 
Adam: Playing minecraft


Truly the gold age- or should i say..Butter age :DDDD
If you know :
Sky is good at content making when multiplaying with his friends. When he is alone, story teller.
"See you later recruits"...Im in a zone of major nostalgia and happiness
0-0 I can’t believe it Adams playing minecraft again....





THE GODS HAVE AWNSERED OUR PRAIRIES
i love the degraded quality in the video calling back to the early days
old intro + No background = nastoliga

Also i notice how in Every video they try to explain 1.9 xD
I'm crying I miss this so much. My memories are all coming back to me. We'll go through this together I've learned The hard way of life since I was born I would watch you everyday to make me feel better and it's helped me some so I appreciate it. Fighting SKY ARMY
Stay strong Sky. We love and support you.






Edit: no homo
This takes me back to when I was 9 or 10.... ah, the memories. Good to see you back man
You don’t know how happy I was to hear that intro.
2:36
attacks llama thinking nothing will happen


"OMNG IT SPITS"
I am so glad you are back!! You are the first YouTuber I watched. I have been a fan for 7 years and have loved everyone of your videos. 



I know I need to change my name
Tips: Look for a village!

Get geared up, then search for buried treasure by swimming along the ocean

Cook your food!

Click the book icon in your inventory to see what you can craft

make some farms and have fun!
My boy back like Samurai Jack season 5 and Aku is depression who he must defeat.
Ye they added llamas, and their gona add foxes in the nEXT upDATE
growing up, he was my hero and my role model. and honestly? he still is. he’s made mistakes, but he’s fundamentally a good person. he’s trying so hard to better himself. I hope that one day he’ll be truly happy
All that god has to do now is bring back one more thing.

The Dumb and Dumber Minecraft series from YouAlwaysWin
XD left ear, my headphones broken it's right side
Better make a bed soon or else there will be an unpleasant surprise waiting for you in the sky
OMG he even did the sky squid voice.this man is great and i hope he gets better😊👍
Glad I grew up with a diamond sword instead of a golden scar
I just wanna know if your still friends with jess





Btw your the best :3
Take a shot every time Adam makes a new craftingtable😂
When you killed the chicken I was like THUNDERMUFFIN NOOOOOOOOOO
I am one of your soldiers in the sky army and have been for 8 years😞
I think I speak for everyone here when I say we’re glad to see your back and making us laugh and not caring for what the haters have to say and doing what you love to do! Keep up the amazing work!
The bit with the squid brought me more amounts of nostalgia and happiness than ive felt in a really long time thank you so much for that ❤️
jesus you in my left ear scared the heII out of me
I’m really happy hear that you are getting help! I used to watch you videos all the time in middle school and a little bit in high school. But it looked like you were going down hill, and I seemed like I lost one of my hero’s, so it brings me so much joy to see you getting help with your mental health and to see you making videos with Fluffy and deadlox.
You can do this Adam. I have come back to the SKYARMY!
Combat update: waiting a second or two between swings of swords increases damage output (there’s a meter under your cursor that shows you)

Also axes now do more damage than swords but are swung slower
If you want some tips:
-Swords have a cooldown now (the white bar in the middle after you swing them). Wait for the cooldown to end before swinging again for maximum damage.
-CTRL is the run button now, and also allows you to swim underwater, and through one-block hopes underwater.
-Alpacas are basically useless, and are only good if you plan to be moving around a lot.
-Water physics have been updated, and a lot of old XP grinder designs are obsolete because of it.
-There's new hostile and passive mobs underwater. Drowned are water zombies that can throw tridents and deal a ton of damage, and dolphins are a thing now.
-There's shipwrecks, which all have loot in them.


..Thats all I could think of. Good luck, Adam!
here's my piece of advice, learn the new combat system.
also, WE LOVE SKY!
and welcome back
That was me that got you in jail 😎
Adam, I think you should no something
I get really bad anxiety but I don't get depression from it. There was a time were I was really depressed in 7th grade cause of growing up and not controlling my panic attacks and uncontrollable anxiety (and I was also bullied through  the whole year. Gonna be honest, it was bad enough were I almost snapped and punched them in the throat but luckily I kept my calm so it didn't really happen lol) but I'm fine now and am in 10th grade. I hope you will be okay as well, please take care of yourself love your vids 🙂
When he was only in my left ear, it freaked me out. Lmao
You should play 2B2T Adam and see how long you can survive
Sky: talking about serious stuff

Also sky: are those llamas?
Only true Adam fans will remember this,
words cant explain how much i need this series right now. thank you so much for doing this :) i wish you the best 💕 you can do this
14:04 it... it feels nice to hear that again, things change, people change, and I hope you’re changing for the better now. But I hope that outro never changes, it’s perfect, always has bean and always will be.
Advancement :

“From the ground up”
bro there's no way to make this not sound cringey, but thats kinda okay because it reminds me of me when i was cringey back in 2011 and would watch these videos. 
bruh, i fucking miss this. i miss just sitting down and finding a video from sky to watch. not because he's the best there is, but because i feel it. sky, you just went on a long rant about self medicating and all that, and i realie what a similar position im in, except im still in denial lmao. but god i just miss hearing your voice saying positive things like that and being happy because adam just has that effect to make people smile. he's really good at it, and i love it. and thats why i always enjoyed him, because he could always get me to smile at a time where i didn't have a lot of reasons to smile. and I'm just so happy your back, or as back as you can be while in treatment, but im glad to have him be apart of my life again.
Omg YAAAAS. The return of a GOD.
This dude has balls to tell us his story don't gudge him and why would u get 70k on your recent vids and you have 11m subs 




Damn u fortnite
4:42 starts rapping
4:46 casually dies 





Adam, depression is a hard fight, I hope you can find the solution I couldn’t!
1 this was like super real and I almost cried. 2 is anyone going to tell him about the wait bar thing for the attack!?
Adam u have our full support and we will always be in ur corner. Keep up the good work!!
Hi sky been watching since team crafted so glad you have been recording with Jerome just finished watching the latest never have I ever video
'Doughnut' worry, we understand.

You probably got told this by a couple hundred people, but don't spam click, wait until the sword in the middle is full. Think of it like a short ranged bow.
I love you.

With kind regards,

Another Adam
Adam: “[...] the moment I realized that-“
Ad: “Smart dogs can’t stop distracted driving!”

XD
When the old intro played I actually screamed on the inside because of how freaking happy I am rn
You’re so different
You sound more genuine when playing
Everything about you, your tone, what words you use, and how you pace yourself
It’s calmer and more relaxed
I think it would help you if you looked up the Combat Update. Thanks for this series btw. What a throwback
Glad you're back and getting better, or butter. You helped so much back in the dayszzzzz
OH THE OLD INTRO MY CHILDHOOD BURNS WITH MEMORIES
If you can, maybe in the future could you upload with Mitch cause he back but if you don’t that’s fine
Bro it is like you know I only have a left earbud
Came here for obligatory nostalgia to discover this? SKY I LOVE YOU!
I literally haven’t been here in like 3 years omg it’s been soo long!!
GOD, I MISSED YOU, OLD INTRO.
Jokes aside, remember to take care of yourself Adam, we love you!
Had to make sure this vid was new
"see you later recruits"
made me tear up.
the outro made my day man, I haven't heard it in years and its great to actually watch and hear the outro and intro
Depression is a hard fight, Adam. I myself am having trouble with depression for the past year. I feel just like you,
I hope your depression will be gone, and you’ll just be happy once again. I had alot of friends, to the point where I
Only have my 4 best friends. We all are going through this with you sky.

~To your subscriber, Ultra.
Welcome back sky we all missed you .
I'm confused, is this a reupload?
My god. Thank you for continuing these series! Hope you feel better, because i wasnt caught up with anything but once again thanks for continuing this.
Eating perk raw is nostalgia
The attack system is different now. You cant just spam your sword at enemies anymore. There is an attack bar by your cursor. You need to wait for it to be full to do full damge
The Intro then the see you later recruits😭😭😭 im crying
Take your time and go slowly, recovery is not immediate. Thank you for being open and straight with us, hope you feel better
Protip: Wait like a sec before attacking again (the more the sword in the middle of your screen fills up, the more damage you do)
For those of us who held that light for you, that you were coming back to us Sky. We're all still here. Stay strong dude. We're all here for you
First I opened my eyes
Then I felt such a strange breeze
I had travled to a world made of blocks
Totally unbeknownst to me

When you play Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Oh oh oh oh, Oh oh oh oh

There were animals all across the land
Villigers working hard hand in hand
There were roses, moutains, and a big blue sea
Even Trees as far as the eye can see

How'd this happen?
Why am I here?
Whats my purpose in this place?
Whos that coming?
What am I hearing?
As the night approaches, I should go and hide
There's all sorts of creatures, run with all my might

When you play Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh

When you play Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh

Enderman and Zombies, Creepers who go hide
Either live or die, It's up for me to decide

When you play Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh
(Guitar Solo)
When you play Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, Minecraft
Mine, Mine, MInecraft
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh
(Piano)
Bruh i have a midterm tomorrow
I love listening to your rambling
After 1.13 you can swim easier by sprinting
In other words, go underwater, do the same thing you'd do to sprint, and now you're properly swimming
Sees childhood hero play Minecraft again after years 

Gives a heartfelt salute
i thought i was 10 again, reliving my moments but no its real
I hope that you connect back with the people you've lost contact with.
Tip: Wait until that little sword on you're screen is full so you can do maximum damage on a mob. (So dont spam click🙃)
7:03 oh boy I just heard some names for the first time in a long while. And even though it’s about a serious issue I can’t help but feel nostalgia
4:42
sky talks about weed while fighting a skeleton
cuts into him in a forest with no items and max health saying "for me personally "
That intro?!?? It’s been forever!!!!! Childhood returning
Adam whoa-
I know I don't know the stories. I forgot about you until 3 days after you quit. I've been here since the mod review days.
I care about you. I'm glad you know how to be better. I believe in you.
Honestly love these deep/funny nostalgic vids. A blast from the past plus some good convos. And many laughs cause you are you again how you were which was the best. AND THAT INTRO! 😎👌
I love this. This series not only is nostalgic for me, a great timepass video, something to make me happy, AND a video to help me relax BUT IS ALSO an extremely informational video and something that really hits hard. I really appreciate this and it really hits...

ALSO i wanna add that i really appreciate how he uses his combat just like me xD
I died laughing at the start with the left ear thing and idk why lol thanks sky hope you get better
Omg left ear lmaooo I had my headphones on 😂😂😂
Hey Sky they updated the combat system so that when the bar under the cross hair is full and disappears you do more damage when you swing so you cant just swing non stop. Helpful tip numero uno .
Sky: Talks about Mental Therapy
Spiders: KKLLSSSSS KLLLSS
Sky: whUOOOHhh
Attacks skeleton 
Instantly cuts to him at spawn
You should try getting the original adventure map squad back and play an adventure map again
Sky, I pray that everyone will support you again. Please be better soon. :(
Glad you are back! I used to watch your videos everyday. They helped me with my depression.
Once a part of the Sky Army, always part of the Sky Army.
Thank you i love YouTubers who express and imform us what is actualy going on so again txs
Im glad your back ;D.
does u even combat bro




wait for the meter under your crosshair to fill so you can do full damage every swing.
Hey Adam you should finish making that Iron Golem from 2012!
This is the Adam I remember. Thanks for coming back!
#LeftEarStuff is the greatest hashtag ive ever heard, love you Adam! been with you since the old Mod review days, hope treatment goes well, just know i support you all the way :)
For a second, I thought that you were going to start a roleplay
(Mainly when I saw the thumbnail)
2k19 UNIRONIC MINECRAFT REVIVAL IS REAL, THE PRODIGAL SON HAS RETURNED.
There’s so many things I want to say, but I’m not going to. The one thing I will say though is that I’m extremely proud of you Adam, for who you were and who you’re becoming.

I wish you the best in your recovery :)
"Hey everybody what's up its me in your left ear again" lol my right headphone is broken
This video is a time machine
i looked up cops and robbers minecraft to find sky all over again and wow, so much has changed since the last time i saw him in 2017. im glad he is doing better now.
The days where Minecraft was popular, and before I became a content creator...They're hitting me real hard...
Thanks, Sky, for the memories
We’re proud of you
I loved this intro and im glad you brought it back.
Sky we all love you and are here for you man at least I know I am keep working man best of luck
Oh, that intro gave me 2010 flashbacks
This feels so nice to watch. I've struggled with depression and anorexia/bulimia for years. It's hard to admit that you have a problem. I wish you the best.
Seeing that intro hit me..
Sky Does Minecraft 2: Electric Boogaloo
I feel like my childhood innocence has returned to me. I wish nothing but happiness for you Adam, you served as a major source of happiness for me for a really long time, and for that, I've always been supportive of you, and I always will be.
Thanks so much for all of this, man. It takes guts to admit the mistakes and not-so-good things that's happened- on either side of the coin. I'm so happy you're going through with treatment and just being reflective on all you've gone through. I appreciate all you've got to give as of now, and am so excited to watch this series progress just as much as you. 
See you next video or post or whatever else, Sky. Supporting you through this 'cause I know 100% that you've got this. <3
;-; seeing play Minecraft makes me happy
I feel like I am Rewatching Sky Does Minecraft videos. But Stay strong Adam. We care for you.
Adam i love you. I would always watch your videos as a child and to see your progress is amazing. The skyarmy is always here for you. Do you adam and we all love you, youre a sexy beast. Stay strong xx
Sprint underwater to swim
Wait between hits (you see that sword bar) to do that triple hit thing.
There are dolphins
And shipwrecks
And a trident
And water zombies
Adam: Are these lamas? They added lamas in here?
Me: Just wait till he finds out they added dolphins, polar bears, and pandas among other things
I threw my phone when I saw the old intro, HES BACK
You are beyond brave, Adam. I can’t imagine opening up like this to complete strangers with all that you’re going through. You made me smile and laugh back in the old days, and you still do, but now you also inspire me in a unique and incredible way. Thank you ❤️

Also the intro, the squid narration, and the ending all had me nostalgia tripping 😭
Tips:

-when fighting mobs, it’s actually preferred that you wait for your sword to “reload” so it does more damage and may hit multiple mobs at once rather that just spamming
I feel like crying seeing Adam so depressed 😞

Your friends and fans ❤ U!
welcome back sky :')
ps: stop spamming your sword let it cooldown for more damage
Me: only has left earphone in
Sky does everything: "hey everybody what's up, it's me in your left ear again"
dont spam when fighting things, hit when the sword in the center of the screen charges up
Regular Pooh: who
Fancy Pooh, the intellectual, skydoesminecraft: W H O M
TO NEW BEGINNINGS!!!!! starts bawling my eyes out
One of the legends came back.

THE PROPHECY!!!
talks about depression and serious Stu-
OMG LLAMAS
This is good for you Adam! You're doing great and this is a big step for you! Addiction a d recovery is a constant battle and I'm proud of you to decide to keep going!
I really love how Adam talks about something super serious, gets distracted by something stupid in the game





Then just cuts back to his serious topic
Hey sky since 2012 as a child I've been watching your videos
Sky: Go and beat up my chicken roommate
Me: what did the chicken do to you? 😂
Deppression is hard man an slef medicating deffentitly was not the way to go (talking from personal experience) but atleast uve learnes an will become a better person from this
lot of whoms and I love watching you play minecraft again
In all honesty 





WE LOVE SKY, NEVER STOPPED, NEVER WILL STOP
I understand what you're going through to a degree. I used to also be incredibly hypercritical of others due to some self righteous superiority complex. Luckily I was already socially isolated at the time so I had nothing else to lose, but nonetheless I still understand. I've also been through depression as well. I came out of it in the same direction you're going in, and all I have to say is power to you man. Its a journey that I'm still on, and honestly never ends, but its not the end that matters its the journey. Good luck!
Aye this some real nostalgia but only 73k views to many of the sky army has left
This hit my heart, oh dear. I love you Adam! Never be afraid to reach out to us for help. ❤️
Great video but when fighting right under your crossair theres a sword wait for that to recharge after every hit and youll get the max damage you can get
when you started talking about kermit i started get feels. man, i hope you continue getting better.
Sky, some quick advice! The new updates have changed how melee combat works! Its better to strike, then let the little sword under your crosshair refill, then strike again, as rapidly attacking now does less damage. Also, the sword and axe have special attacks. The sword has a sweep that was seen a few times in the video, and the axe has a sort of a 'crushing blow' attack, which I think is triggered by striking midair. I don't really know about the axe one as I haven't really tried it all that much lol
WE LOVE SKY
That's right I read the description
I really love that you feel comfortable being open and vulnerable with us. You're the greatest!
hey, thanks for coming back, I've been watching you since like 2012 and watching this whole roller-coaster, watching your videos helped me a bit through some tough times and I'm glad you're getting help. gotta say, this is a great thing, I'll keep watching your videos till you stop making them.
Hey Sky. I’ve been a fan ever since your mod pack videos in 2011. You lit up my childhood with a lot of happiness and joy. I was depressed at a very young age and I watched you because you made me feel better. When you stopped making videos, I then became depressed for a long time again. When I was at my lowest I watched your old videos and I laughed. I turned on notifications while you were still gone and I knew you would post again. When I got the notification, I cried tears of joy to know that my childhood is back. But from this video, I understood you about your depression. I love you man. We love you man. 
please release your album to vinyl. id love that. I love your album so much bro
i'm glad to have talks with you again <3 even if i'm not there here's a hug!🤗
PC updates faster than xbox. The beta for xbox has amazing villages so you may have them in your world but I have no clue if it has updated yet. ☺
Your amazing. Thank you for trusting us and I hope we all can be of help in finding yourself.
I miss this intro 0:07 ❤️😭
I used to smoke a lot of pot... oh are those lamas
Sky I just hope you get better and become happier again.
I loved watching you growing up and I hope you deal with your depression and become healthier again
-From a Fan
PS: I don't know how to write that well please bear with me (see what I did there)
This is any deeper than I expected but I really enjoy it Sky, little bit more mature content for a more mature audience that grew up. Thanks man!
The intro tho.😢 *single tear runs down cheek.
He needs to bring back his webcam if he can
I love your vids and can't wait for modded survival series
Tips
• Swords have a cooldown and continued swinging will lower their damage output.
• Woodland Mansions are huge three story buildings in forest that can contain lots of items bur are haunted by Ghost Mobs, there's the Indicater that drops iron axes and emeralds, and magic ones that drop a totem of undying which revives you on death of it's in your hand. The magic ones cam summon extra help to be careful.
• Horses that are struck by lightning become skeleton horses with skeletons riding them. Defeat the skeleton to get the horses. They have 1/2 a regulars horse's HP but can walk underwater.
• You can eat dried seaweed to restore 1 hunger point, and it is the fastest food to eat.
I am gonna be real with you: playing a game that made many peoples childhood is the best cure for depression. We've missed you, Adam.
I love this series. I can't figure out how to explain why? But its relatable and real. And that's kinda beautiful
Yo Adam YouTube is screwing with you whenever I try to press the notification bell it says error occurred
The GOOD OLD INTRO 😭😭❤️
sky for the love of all that is good and beautiful turn on keepInventory or not... it's your gameplay lol
Stay strong man <3
So... so... nostalgic...
I am guessing this could be a new beginning,
Hey, you still friends with Sub?

I remember him
Sky, you cant spam click swords anymore. Wait until the sword symbol at the bottom of your crossbar is full and you'll hit at full strength.

Also, I'm glad you're on the right track. Take all the time you need to recover.
When I saw the intro I just paused the video. Looked up to the ceiling for like 30 seconds just thinking about all the nostalgia
Oml the intro gave me flashbacks
Im so glad you're back it brings me so much joy that you're trying to get yourself have on your feet<3 best of luck adam
I think I speak for everyone when I say modded cops and robbers, maybe another roleplay series (the older ones like Pirates of the Caribbean), and just basically more of your old stuff
Ha your not in my left ear, your in my heart 💛
holy hell that intro was nostalgic
I used to play minecraft and watch you, now insted I watch you play minecraft and play Dark souls III, but I still play minecraft, I find it fun.
I realised something,

Adam's subscribed to t series.
Heya adam, honestly hope you feel better
Bruh I see you are subscribed to T-series. Why?
Don't spam click, it does more damage if you wait.
Sprinting underwater let’s you swim faster
Attack slower the dagger under cross hair needs to fill up for full damage and also hit groups of mobs
I'm so happy for you and glad you're back I wish the best for you man
Hey Adam, I don't know if this will reach you, but you made my early youth very pleasurable, when I was going through a situation similar to yours, I started working out, it really clears your mind, I hope this might help you. Thanks Sky.
Oh My Goodness He Back Boy
Yay my first like !! 

Wait why is it blue ?
Stay strong Adam. We love you so much and care about you ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Just do the stuff that makes you happy and maybe try playing with your friends
The nostalgia 😂😂😂
Trust me when I speak for all of us, when you record your the same person that we knew and loved. I couldn’t stop smiling when I watched this video. It felt as if I was playing a game from when I was a kiddo. I felt nostalgia just by watching your videos and it’s great. Just don’t change and we’ll all stick with you.

Sincerely, 
A member of the Sky Army
I MISSED YOU SOOO MUCH WHEN YOU TOOK YOUR BREAK SKY I LOVE YOU SOOOO MUCH YOU MAKE MY DAY WITH YOUR HUMOR!
This video found it's way to my sub box! Love you, Adam! Glad you've been looking to better yourself, man.
THE OLD INTRO AND BAD MIC AND GOOD HUMOR MY HEART CJCNKSKABDJJCBDS
Team crafted 2019 guys
Dude its been so long I love the way youre back on track on the right road,man it feels good to have you back.Take all the time you need to recover,stay safe We miss you so much.the words you use and the calmness talking about life man,Im all about that I just hope you can stay positive with us all the way Ill never leave you again.
Love, Long time Subscribers from the start :)
OmmmmGGG HIS BACK WELCOME BACK ADAM 😍
If only barney , Ross, red, and max made videos together with sky again
Minecraft 2019: man, no one likes me anymore, oh well

door opens

Sky is there 

Minecraft 2019: Doctor, there you are, your gonna fix my depression right? Good.
And making some narly Livestreams.
YOU ARE THE BEST AND THE FUNNIEST I LOVE YOUR VIDSSSSS 😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂💙😝😝😝😝I AM SO HAPPY YOU ARE BACK MY 6 TO 7 YEAR OLD IS BACK , I REMEMBER WHEN I WATCHED YOU IN THE IPOD
I love how he reuploaded the video to edit it more. I really love the part with the squid, i remember seeing the first time this video came out.
I will still always love your videos sky im hear for you and always have been i have been watching your videos since i was 12 and now I’m 18 love you sky
HE BROUGHT BACK THE OLD INTRO TOOOOOO IM GONNA CRY
I feel like I'm 10 and talking about Adam screaming a lot with my bestfriend during lunchbreak again. It feels nice and nostalgic. 

Stay strong, Adam. The sky army is here.
You can swim fast by clicking control underwater
THE OLD INTRO SO MUCH NOSTALGIA. SOBS I FEEL YOUNGGG. Thank you for making me feel young again uwu
Sky they
Added lamas in 2017
I love you I hope you feel better
Thanks for still playing mincecarft💙 no homo
Old intro!!!!
Hit up mcfinest again bro
it feels so amazing to be watching Sky again, so much nostalgia and Good Times
Also, I'm glad to have you back and hear you're doing better :) I wish more people would see these videos, but we all support you.
sees intro
Me: happiness noises
2:10 
serious talk about life
five seconds later
"they added llamas?"
okay, this is epic.
Sky I’ve been subscribed to u for so long almost 8 years now maybe more but dude it’s hard going through that im going through it myself rn actually and just you gotta take time and look back on yourself to reflect and find who u truly are as a person and it’ll help and also it may sound stupid but 5 to 20 minutes just sit in a room with no electrics and stuff and meditate but sky it’s been a while i missed ya and it’s good to see u back
you didn't lose everything, you still have us sky army
did we go back to the past now?...... (jk adam we luv ya XD)
Adam you're still my favorite YouTuber after all these years and seeing you back makes me truly happy, I believe in you to get better and feel like yourself again you're an amazing guy and I'll always support you dude💙

Been here since 2012 and I will never EVER leave, #SkyArmyForLife!
It is bittersweet to see him playing Minecraft again. Hang in there Adam. We are here to support you. We love you man❤️
That intro will never get old. ♥️
Hey bro, we're here for you Sky, Stay strong. 💪
Ive been watching you for years and as someone that also struggles with mental health i really love this series. You seem really genuine and like you’re actually trying to get better and encourage other people to do the same. Thank you for sharing your story. I hope you do great things my dude :-)
The intro...aww man the nostalgia.
I watched all of your videos and don't worry about your depression we your fans will help you with your depression. 😀👍
SKY ARMY
UNITE TO HELP OUR GENERAL
"The legend returns part 2"
It's awesome because you've grown as a person and so has your previous audience. Coming back to this I feel super young and nostalgic. I'm so proud of who you're becoming. <3
Ayy the intro! I hope you get , not, depressed anymore..?
This gives so much nostalgia from when I was 12
Family: what are you wa- why are you crying?

Me: GO AWAY! IM BECOMING A CHILD AGAIN!!


(Ps: this video made my day! Thank you so much, Adam💛)
That jump from fighting the skeleton to just being in front of a tree is everything 😂😂
Damn! Its been years since I watched you I miss this honestly I remember my 9 year old self loving ur videos and you bringing so much happiness into my life ur a fuckin legend man much love❤💕
I remember when you posted this the first time, dk why it's a reupload but I still love and support you a lot Adam, my guy. 💜
when you haven’t played mc in years and you’re back to being a noob like adam — also idk if any of you realize but he said in his intro he’s in treatment, idk if he is able to read our messages sky army :)
Omg I started crying... thank you.... 9 year old me is really happy 😊
2011-2014 is that you going inside me?!
We all love you sky and we got you back no matter what happens
we love sky
i guess

And damn im early
They also added gliding wings, hostile villagers w/ axes, wooden mansions, an end city, clay blocks, red sand and deserts,
😭😭😭😭 the intro
Damn this is crazzzyyy.. missing the old days being young an 12 watching you guys play Minecraft w my boi🥺
Barely half way through the video and is hitting in the feels.
4:47 dies to a skeleton
 "for me, I felt like I needed to start over"
 insert pun
I hope adam gets some of his old friends back or at least makes up with a few people.
Good luck here for it all man.
its so sad how he has 11mil subs and only 80k views
I'm gonna be honest. I'm happy he's handling more mature topics now. His audience grew up, and he can still be a hero and role model for them.
Omg the intro. Brings me back
You having the courage to admit this all makes me feel brave <3
Me= See's video is two days old
 Me again=YOUTUBE, what the frick, why didn't you tell me sooner!
idk some advice is the combat, when you use your sword to hit things you need to wait till that little bar near your courser fills up before it does max damage
Protip: Don't be afraid of those mobs, a good few hours with a stone/iron sword will knock back those baddies.
I love your content have you thought of doing Minecraft with mods
Do a modded survival games with ur friends.
Respect my guy. Respect. I just want you to know that you were pretty much my childhood and I like how you are bringing back minecraft. You have encouraged me to play again
Huge respect...
Huge respect...
THE OKD INTRO IMC CRYING SSJSJSJDJDID
If u has depression then play Roblox
Sky plays Roblox is a good name
THE CHILHOOD MEMORIES BUT IN 2019
Team crafted❤❤
sky,youve been playing with Jerome...but why not post about em? I love those vids owo
Not gonna lie, I almost cried. My boyfriend uses weed to try to cope with his depression, and I've used it in the past to try to cope with my stress and depression. 

It really isn't the answer. Please seek professional help if you can. I can tell all of you, it's heartbreaking to see someone close to you suffering, and relying on stuff like that just to feel normal. There's always a better alternative.
You guys have no idea how much I first off love that sky is back and second that he is opening up about his life and keeping us updated
hey Adam. Glad to see youre better after all these years. <3
Anybody else remember how he didn't pick up the pants in modded hunger games
You are god, please become yourself again, please no more sad boy, u become happy boy, best of luck
Damn last video I saw was the one of him saying he was coming back and before that it had been like years since I’ve seen one of your videos sky keep on man we’re all with u much love ROCK N ROLL NEVER DIES🤟🏽🤟🏽
If you look at lava and press Q. Something cool will happen. 




Jk don’t do that.
And he didn't know he could ride llamas if he had wool
I'm glad for you, Sky. There's more people than you realize that are out there for you.
And a few Minecraft tips: You can swim in water faster by basically "sprinting", like how'd you sprint on land (I think you press "w" twice, depending on your keyboard controls). And also, do not attack dolphins once you find them, it's just like when you attack a wolf or zombie pigman. There are also new hostile mobs: the Drowned and the Phantom. The Drowned are zombie-like creatures that live underwater in rivers, lakes or oceans, and some carry tridents that they can throw at you, so look out! The Phantom is the most terrifying hostile mob that is attracted to insomnia - meaning if you don't sleep through the nights, on the third night, they'll spawn high in the air, dive bomb you and attack. If you hit them or take cover, they stop their attack, but some come from behind. I have not seen this, but I heard they range in different sizes as well, and the biggest they can get is bigger than the Ender Dragon.
I hope this helps and good to hear you back!
We're here for you.
Try not to do things that might be bad for you
You were our childhood.
Funny thing is that I listened to this in my left ear the entire video #leftearstuff #skyarmy 💕
Welcome back sky,also ik you can do it..so stay strong
Just please stop spam clicking and let the crossbar fill to have more damage and if you sprint into the water you cam swim normaly
WE WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU SKY
YOU ARE JUST LIKE MY FRIEND THAT WAS HOMELESS AND DEPRESSED UNTIL RECENTLY HE GOT A NEW APARTMENT
Sky i dont know if youll get this but your my favorit youtuber and i have been watching your videos since you first started and your the strongest person i know
I’m glad you are getting better or at least getting there because ik how you feel, drugs aren’t a good way to cope or whatever has happened, the only thing you can do is move forward, i hope you upload more and update us on what’s happening, because everyone that watches this vid is there for you x3
...I've... TOTALLY already watched this video. Was this reuploaded?? Hes saying all the same things that I clearly remember him saying before. I remember watching this video. There's no way this wasn't  uploaded already because the things hes saying match what I heard before word for word. It all sounds the same. What happened? I'm confused. Someone HELP.   A :
Why is no one else mentioning it? I've watched to 5:39 and I've already seen this video for sure.  Reupload or what?
What happened to Sky Vs Gaming?
I was having a terrible f-ing day. Seeing that you posted cheered me up. I love you and this community 🖤 I hope everyone has a good day/night (wherever you guys are in the world)
Adam was always here for us
We will be always here for Adam
you were my idol as a younger kid and i think it’s safe to say that, for a nearly totally different reason now, you still ARE even today; keep on bettering yourself & doing the best that you can do 💕💕!
I still have a  pin that he signed at the Duvall library years ago.
I miss ur vids so much I'm glad the sky army is back!!!!!... Please don't leave us again
Hey Adam can you release follow me. I love the song but you haven’t officially released it yet
Why adam...? LA lights cloud my eyes... days come and go.. LA dreams cloud my eyes... i'll just go with the flow ay
Long live the King......The budder King
The mic quality makes me feel very sad when he was like that back in the day.
Sky talking about his life and then: IS IT LLAMAS, WHEN DID THEY ADD THESE?

Bruh...
Glad you're back, bro! We missed you!
WOW THE INTRO BRUNG BACK NOSTALGIA
my heart is happy that intro got me in TEARS
Well your back again so we all support you and stick with u still one off the og minecraft so man stay strong and be happy always.  






Sorrry for mah englsih its terribla.
THE INTRO AND EVERYTHING IM CRYING
My childhood has returned, thanks sky
you can sprint underwater and it makes you swim really fast.
THAT INTRO HIT ME RIGHT IN THE CHEST OMG THE NOSTALGIA
WE LOVE SKY... seriously bro I have been with you since idk 500,000 and I just hope you feel better man
I don't know why but the stupid squid thing really got me. I was listening so intently and next thing I know I'm tearing up.I'm glad to see you back and happy you were honestly my childhood x
I love that he keeps referencing his New Years stream lol




sucribe tu adum
let's go find some butter;)
i’m so proud of you, i’m so proud to have grown up watching someone as self aware and smart as you. i found guided meditation and cleansing chakras extremely helpful personally and, like you said, talking to the people who care about me. you will get better. you have a strong, optimistic mindset. i believe in you and the universe has set out a beautiful path for you 
♥️♥️
Last sky video I saw was shrinkcraft








And he’s still the same
Adam your SkyArmy will all support you!
We all love you Adam❤️😊
ive transported back to 2011 when i was still just a sophmore in high school....holy crap man
Sky, it's great to see you feeling at least a little better. in reference to advice on depression, here's the best change I made to deal with mine:
Take things slowly. society likes to pressure us to go fast, but sometimes it's really good to slow down a bit, stop and smell the roses. When ever you notice that you're feeling genuinely happy, savor it as much as possible. it makes it so much easier to remember those good moments if you try to commit them to memory intentionally. and when you can remember the good times, it's a bit easier to deal with the bad times. 

I hope it helps. good luck, friend.
I think we forgot to tell adam about the new combat system
Your doing great Adam im here cheering you on😊
Hurray sky uploaded!
Hope you get better soon Sky
"Chicken roommate" oh my, the memories
I'm a squid
The nostalgia
"It took me losing, like, almost everyone close to me to realize that money doesn't even matter." - Sky

Deep words. This video has lead me to believe that Sky has been through a lot. I'm glad that he's looking to forge a better path with his life. 
The people who really are important are the ones who have, and will, continue to support you throughout all of this. 

We wish you the best of luck moving forwards - SkyArmy
Man, it is amazing to see you back at Minecraft again! This is really bringing me back to my childhood when I would watch your mod reviews and your epic jump map vids. 


P.S. Also, Adam I am very proud that you are receiving help and that you are trying to become a better you. It's really cool to see you grow and learn from your past mistakes. I hope you get better dude.


~Just a recruit
This is the Adam that everyone remembers ☺
How do I start this? I guess like this. From one guy who has gotten through depression to another who is still suffering, don't be afraid to look for help from those around you. I almost learned that a little to late, I was an edgy teen when I had depression, but an edgy teen with practically no actual friends. I couldn't go to my family, big mistake, and the only real friend who noticed I was going through hard times I pushed away, yet he still kept coming back. 
It finally got too much, I couldn't take it. I slit my wrists. I was in the hospital for roughly a month, then forced into therapy for almost a year. I would have been in much longer if it weren't for my true friend staying by my side along with my family. Despite everything I had done to him, pushing him away, berating and belittling him, even physically assaulting him once, he always came back. I did try to self medicate by smoking cigarettes but that wasn't enough, and it ended several possibilities for me. My lungs were to weak to do anything sports related and I couldn't become a musician playing my flute. Self medication doesn't work Adam. Don't try it. 
Long story short, I almost lost my fight with depression, and it was only thanks to my family, my dearest, closest friend whom I still occasionally thank from time to time which is about two years later, and the therapy I went through. Adam, since you are getting the help you need, you are on the path to victory, I would say the next step is to reforge the bonds you lost, they will go a long way to helping you defeat your depression.
Can we get the old intro lmao...








For old times sake
What happened to jason? I miss mincraft universe
Good thing to see og’s are still playing
Adam we all love you
when you fight wait for the bar to restart
I have no idea why but seeing the old SDM intro for this spooked me
like I missed it so much??
I'm so glad this is back I remember watching all his stuff when I was only 9
I'm 17 this year and it's a huge relief to see someone I use to look up to come back and bring me the same amount of laughs <3
I'm honestly happy that him talking about depression and weed didn't demonitize the vid :)
He returns from the heavens to bring the ultimate power of nostalgia. Welcome back, Adam. You've changed so much, and you sound a lot different and quieter. More genuine, if I'm honest. I used to watch your vids when I was younger so I really hope your recovery is successful! Knowing that someone who indirectly affected me so much is well - or in the process of becoming well - is comforting.
Stay Strong Adam the Sky Army is here for you buddy and I AM most definitely here for you...
YES OLD INTRO
I just want to hear BUTTER again 😭
I’d say it’s probably not a good idea to watch people like Alex Jones and other people who show the negative outlook on the world while you are depressed because you begin to think like the character they have created. I’m not saying go watch videos of sunshine and rainbows but just keep in mind who you listen to influences how you think.
hes subscribed to t series
gay
My childhood is comeing all back to me and all your music fucking slaps bro I hope you see this I love you man keep up with the good vibes
Seeing him coming back makes me cry in a good way. I love you and much respects and you’re very influential
That intro gives me nostalga
I started watching you when i was 5yo you were around a thousand or more subs im 13 now and im glad your back adam if you could try playing with MinecraftUniverse again please.
True best Minecraft YouTuber, and OG.
Feel better soon Adamdoescraftmine :)
"Sky does minecraft again"
Time your swipes so you do full damage. That little sword icon that fills up beneath the plus at the center of your screen shows you how full it is. Spamming your weapon makes it so far less damage
love you from the bottom of my heart Adam, always gonna support you. you were always there for me when I was young so I’ll be here for you now
hold sword and fight 1 sec per click
Wait the butter master is back*^* OMG YESSSSS I MISSED YOU ADAM I HOPE YOUR DOING BETTER AND I HOPE YOUR HERE TO STAY, because your a real help to alot of people and alot of people care about you so dont give up and as a popular loading scream once said, "STAY DETERMINED"
I love this Sky. Hope you feel better! This made feel nastolgic and relaxed. Thanks!
Love you Adam keep doing what your doing
By the way.. We are all proud of you and please.. Keep going. For you and us.
We support you all the way bro!
IM SO HAPPY THAT YOU’RE BACK AND THAT YOU’RE GETTING HELP THAT YOU NEED. 
I’m mega proud of you. I might follow in your footsteps and finally get help for my own depression and mental health issue
I was watching one of max’s videos and i left to rewatch this one XD
Sky is subbed to t series
BUTTER YOU NEED BUTTER AND QUICK
13:45 Shaggy grants sky 10% of his power
I love you so much bro, stay strong
To do more damage wait for that bar under your crosshair to recharge after swinging
Music is a great way to cope with depression! That’s just from personal experience
If you lose your sword use an axe or a pickaxe, axes do more damage than swords
I clicked off of my friend’s live stream to see this
This is either real or i’ve been smoking too much weed, eitherway this is beautiful.
OMG you're BACK!!!
I got my favorite boi back i love you no homo but your videos are awesome no matter how deep it gets 😢
You should go back to older versions of minecraft an play them, it is possible through the launcher.
I love you soooooo much dude actually started crying when you started playing mincraft again
Hey, try adding shaders. I think it will be cool
Remember that you have to time attacks now, spamming just does the same damage as your fists
"I took my diet into a new level. I just ate weed", is what I expected Adam to say.
That intro brings back so many memories.
You are te first youtuber i ever watched and your still in my heart and im praying for you man
sky i love you and we all love you man and get well soon. love   the hunter
I can't relate to ur depression but my boyfriend can probably relate to it but he told me that before he met me, he was really depressed and he told me that i made it better just by being there for him.

Btw I've been watching u for a long time so I hope u are feeling better
glad to see your back but now your the recruit
ADAM I LOVE YOU! (Not in a creepy way, in a supportive fan way :P) and the old intro makes me so happy. I hope you get the treatment you need, and get well soon!
Adam pls bring back sky vs gaming that was my favorite
Adam I know your depressed and I hope you get better but if it gets to bad for you
Just remember
SQUIDS AND BUTTTER!
It’s good to have you back man hopefully you can beat your depression
Same man I have depression but I'm scared to really tell anyone about it
just some advise wait in between attacks to do full damage
I know the feeling. You can get through it. I did, it is possible.
I hope you feel great soon!

Also I don't know if you ever learned about the new combat system. You can't spam click anymore. You have to wait until the bar fills up to hit again to actually do some damage
You know what in school I realized it takes 20 good things to fix a bad mistake
Adam it makes me want to cry that your doing Minecraft again you make me super happy! 🙂
I feel like sky is high during this lmaoo
Between him being real and just being joking still makes me laugh
more pls, this brings back, too many good childhood memories
Hope you get better!
Top 10 Anime Comebacks
I still remembered when you are shouting at Bodil40, good old times.
I understand how you feel and its good to see sky is coming back to who he is keep it up sky dont give up
I thought you uploaded this a few days ago dont know if you took it down or if i have a bad memory but im glad its back up.
I hope only the best for you, I’ve bean watching you since 2013 and will never stop watching no matter what.
12:09 
Ross: Sky wheres thuner muffin?
I love you Adam ! I hope you can get better like I did
Sky ur loved globally and u should know that most of us has stuck with through thicc and thin just know that ur wanted and loved have a wonderful day
This is so nostalgic for me these videos youve been putting out and if you feel down or like things arent getting better i want you to remember this, through your videos and a chain of events i ended up meeting one of my bestest friends in the whole world, and i really thank you for that Adam. 

On a separate note, im also in treatment, so I know what its like to confront said demons and its good to see your trying to get better one step at a time with these videos. I wish you the best of luck
If you wait for the sword icon below your crosshair to fill, the sword will do the correct amount of damage. If not, it’ll be extremely weakened
WE LOVE SKY❤❤❤
WE LOVE YOU SKY.!!!!
The intro brought back my childhood...god I feel so old
Old Intro gonna make me cry
You were my very first favourite youtuber, and now one of my idols. I've always loved your minecraft videos and I love your music too. I'm going through so much right now and you may not know it but you help quite a bit. Thanks Adam, you're awesome <3
No matter how much I grow, or how much I age, I will never grow bored of Adam. He’s been the one person who always made me laugh as a kid, and he was what made up my childhood 💖💖
It's back it's back he's back yay hooray old intro
Life has its ups and downs, if you think your at the highest you've been its probably because you have boosters below you helping you
Eleven year old me would like to say - thank you. <3
But genuinely, I would like you to know you aren't alone. I currently am struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts and actions, and I understand how difficult it can be. My boyfriend dumped me after I got an abortion, and keep in mind that this was only a few months after my brother killed himself. I'm also struggling with anorexia, and seeing you put in effort to work towards the future has really inspired me.
Thank you.
man LA lights and Broken rings are some of the best songs I know
look at the sword below the Cross whenever you hit something. you will see that when you attack, it has a "cooldown" that if you don't respect, you don't deal much damage. if you spam it you'll basically do half a heart or a heart of damage.
also, is this a reupload ? (but with squid added ?)
I hope the treatment goes well. We're all here to support you bro.
(; he’s back.......it’s so beautiful
Why’d he reupload this with a new thumbnail
I love to see you back will you do hytale content
Wait a minute... was that Lumberjack Sky? Omg he's back guys
I remember watching sky WAY back in the day when I was a kid. And I started to watch his OLD videos and I'm glad he was a part of my life, I take my hat off for you sky. Truly thank you.
God bless you. You are a good man you dont deserve this
And by the way you need to attack a littil bit slower in this version to do more damage. 
And you can use a command called keep inventory so you dont lose your items when you die
And if you sprint under water you will start swimming
Jerome
BajanCanadian
Gizzy 
Vikstar
NoahCraftYT
AntVenom
Subzero
Play with them for one last time on that cops and robbers map you always loved. It's up to you bring back the old days we all miss them.
yo i just wanna say you've become such a big inspiration to me
seeing you go through so much and just keep pushing on despite everything and despite there being no assurance that everything's gonna come out ok and now watching you in this new series realizing that throughout most of your content you were being real with us and just acting how you wanted to act and you were actually just being you the whole time instead of this fake persona i thought you were putting on in the last few years has made my conntection with your content from my childhood grow even stronger.
I've watched you since I was 8 atleast and now seeing you be able to go through all that and still maintain that smile and laugh i see in your videos and the vlogs your gf has been posting it has just really inspired me and made me so happy. 
I hope everything turns out ok in the end for you, and it seems right now, everything will. Keep pushin through and being strong.
Can anyone explain why he is subscribed to T-series
THE INTRO I CANT
May you make a discord I just wanna speak to you
But weed is good! Weed is fine ! Don’t worry about weed , weed—
Sky I remember watching you when I was like 8 and you always made my day and you always will 😄
Idk why but this video makes sad poor Adam 😢
Just looked at ur subscription and then i saw u r subscribed to t series.. Also ur subscribed to pewdiepie.. Bruh who do you join
Bro first army or T gay?
Tyler Pappas is a great guy. I'm glad he helped you. I liked his videos.




(Logdotzip)
lol I am so glad you are back
WE LOVE SKY!!
Adam, you legit are making me sob. I used to be such a huge fan and my favorite videos were of you and deadlox. Hearing you having these troubles (that many people experience, youre not alone) trying to work to better yourself is something i didnt expect. Once you apologized to the other friends you used to 0ay with, tears actually streamed down my face.
Adam don't continually swing your sword space out your clicks just check some old update videos
Spamming sword is bad
Waiting for the tiny sword under your crosshair to go away is good
MY CHILDHOOD. HE EVEN HAS THE INTRO!
Hockey is fun therapy you should try it or play nhl19
Watching Sky's videos was my childhood... I'm sorry to hear life has been rough but I'm glad you're on the road to recovery, we may not know you in person but we're all here for you Bud. You were and still are an inspiration to me and to countless other people, chin up Budder Warrior >-<
Thanks for this, just don't burn out
O M G THE OLD INTRO
1:10 JUST PLAY MINECRAFT


Or animate you saying that
can you please start do not laugh again QWQ
Adam, i'm sorry that you had to go through so much, but seeing you find the positive in your situation really shows how much you've improved as a person, and i'm glad you took that step in your life. I'm so happy you're feeling better, and I hope you find the light in your life that  you're looking for.
If you sprint underwater you will swim very fast
"WE LOVE SKY"
I have been waiting ages to see that intro again
1.9 Combat update will rig it
The intro pog
I actually cried when I saw this
Please continue the purge series when you've gotten better
Weapons have a recharge so spamming the attack button isn't as smart anymore. There is a recharge bar by the crosshair after you attack.
I like this type of sky, he’s humble and open minded.
Back to the good o' days
Talk to your family if they don't know, I did that and it got a lot off my chest
The great Budder Hero is back
Are you and Ross,Max,Red.and Barney still friends
Oh my frick the man is back
First and hey bro keep going
Older Minecraft intro lets go whooo hoo nastalga
Hey Adam nice to see you are back with the og stuff
The best advice I can give is to make amends- the more personal the better, if they dont forgive you atleast you were able to get it off your chest
I miss that opening so much
Firstly Adam, when attacking mob's you have to swing slowly, you see the little sword icon above the cross-hairs, that show's how much damage you do so take it slowly, Second you NEED to sleep soon, if you don't sleep for 3 day's straight a mob called the phantom will be spawned in the sky and constantly attack you until you fall asleep, Thirdly stay clear of water's, there's a new zombie called the drowned that can attack you and it can sometimes hold a trident, there are some new friendly mob's, and some bad one's, also axes do more damage than sword's but they take longer to reload an attack, that's about it for now hope you take these set of advice's well, and good luck!
mistakes happen. but you're a good person and still loved, no matter what. We are still here for you.
I feel ur depression I has it too but I am afraid to get help
im so proud of you for being honest with yourself and getting the help you need
Damn this is deep. I love this man.
I'm at frickin 3 percent and still plan to watch everythingggggggg
You have bear fists??
Ah The Golden Dayz.
Meh God it's been for ever since I have watched one of you videos. Good to see you back
I missed you Adam so much!
#sky for best YouTuber
OMG HE STILL HAS THE INTRO
You’re actually a Savage if you read mor🐐❤️






Now your 2019 is full of good luck, like to activate! 

Łìkè this and śúbBbBbbbBbbbé to me and your bless
Hey bro you can sprint in water and you can swim!
The squid is back XD
dude. I only have an earbud in my left ear
TOP TEN ANIME COMEBACKS



Jokes aside, I feel you on an personal level. Depression is hard. It's fantastic that you have the drive to make yourself better! ✌😄
Know you’ve been posting for like a bit now but this is probably the best video to put it on. 

Well, welcome back to everything else that isn’t money related (ish). Everyone here is here to support and even with all your mistakes, we all forgive you. Just take everything easy, it’s been rough and now that you (not the drugs) are back we can all be happy (though your humor seems to be still there underneath that tired tone) 

This is one of the Minecraft Sky army fan, and I’ll see you later ∠( ᐛ 」∠)＿
You should do hid n seek with ross jess and mitzain
Make a video with team crafted ☹️ please
Glad to see your back! I used to watch you ever since i was little, you made me happy. The sky army is here and we support you more than ever!
Im glad you read this
I swear to god, I think I started crying–
left ear squad
If you sprint under water you can swim. Like legit swim
Sad stories and Minecraft shouldn’t mix together so well
I think it's great that you're getting treatment, and I think it's great that you're doing this series. I was diagnosed with moderate depression and it's hard. I've thankfully met a small group of people who accept me and bring out the best in me as well as tell me when I'm being a prick. I also got a dog who is the light of my life. I'm looking into getting a medical marijuana card since I also suffer from anxiety and don't want to take any more medication. 


I love that you're being more open about your problems. I love that I have someone I can relate to. It's a lot easier knowing you're not alone.
I don’t know how you did it but your making me laugh cry at the same time also listen to so some Coldplay vi va lada
We love you Sky/ Adam
I can always understand when someone fails days they start to miss the good old days because it's happened to me before and it's a feels good memory and you realize were it went wrong and you wish you could go back and fix it
2:15 "I smoked a lot of pot", 2:17 "Llamas!?"
ADAM IS SUBBED TO T-SERIES
Sky no matter what happens we will always be here for you ❤️
Man this is a reupload and I still watched it all
instant nostalgia with the intro
cbd oils/ edibles and stuff could help. just slight mood boost. but not too much cause u don’t wanna be dependent on them
This was actually really cool.... Really chill. Some real talk and chill just watching idle wandering
DO A MODDED SURVIVAL CRAFT
Ok so here are some things you should know:

1. Combat Update- update in which you have to wait for the tiny sword icon where your marker usually is to fully recharge for a full power strike
2. You need 3 wool of the same color to make a bed
3. Drowners- underwater zombies that may come up on land. Have a chance of spawning a trident, a javelin type weapon that you have a chance of getting if it ever does spawn.
4.sprint in water to to a breaststroke, you move faster and can fit in 1 block holes.
5.if you ever do find an ocean, break the long stalks to get kelp, if smelted it’s a really cheap thing to get and it’s easy to obtain a lot of it at once.
6. You’re a hero and I hope you can get all the help you need.
I love Adam so much😂😭
sky, I really hope this series helps you
Sky: [I] Makes a video
Us: WE SUPPORT YOU!!
Sky: [Insert That One Pikachu Meme]
Sky: [I] Shows Mental Health Decline
Us: Hey! You can take a break! You're important! We support you! 
Sky: [Insert Confused Pikachu Meme except with sunglasses and butter everywhere]
WHO LIKE MINECRAF?
That intro. So nostalgic
gotta love youtube. NO views 20 likes
Wait for the bar to fill up all the way when attacking, it does the most damage when it’s filled
I never thought I would be learning life lessons from someone who made my childhood
OMG HOW DID I NOT NOTICE THAT ADAM IS BACK PLAYING MINECRAFT
even if you are aways down. the sky army will be with you always
Wasn't  this made a couple weeks back? It's still good anyways. But I'm curious. Was it?
hi sky <3 4:46 heh you uh you okay there? All your items are gone xD I loved that transition. I use a pen to get high, it's helpful temporarily but I think setting new realistic goals for yourself and keeping in touch with friends is the best solution I've had so far in college when dealing with loneliness and stress. All humans have anxiety, some can get depressed. Loved seeing your gameplay along with some genuine commentary :)
30views and 52 likes YouTube what are you on
Just to let you know, you've  inspired  me when younger I loved your videos AND I STILL DO! You taught me how to play mine craft, you made me a better person, you made me smile so many times. I love you so much you don't  understand. WE ALL LOVE YOU, I'LL GIVE YOU A LOT OF SUPPORT.♡
this video is so important especially today
THE SQUIDS ARE BACK YAY (never thought I would say that)
old intro and name oh boy !
One year later he'll be a Millionaire again and quit😂😂love you bro jk
When you hit the animals or mobs wait for the little bar that's in the middle of your screen to load and then you can hit again
Serious 
Llamas
Serios
I have been subscribed for a long time and i was wondering where did the old crew go
i respect you brother
I love how half of the comments on this emotionally taxing video are people updating sky on the new Minecraft versions he missed out on. That is the definition of gamers unite. I love this too much for words.
Btw they added crossbows, swimming animations, shipwrecks, mansions, and new mobs.
You missed out on a lot man
#leftearstuff
I love your music especially the ksi diss tracks
Awesome as always. Also sky you had a RP I believe it was based off of lost the show however i cant seem to find it, any tips or key search words? (That got too formal too fast ;-;) IGuessYouCanAlsoLinkThePlaylistAsWellButIMeanWhateveah
Remember when he was supposed to do a disstrack on somone. Yeah that never happened
Sprint while swimming to swim very fast
#PASTRAMI CITY
I just saw Sky is subbed to T-Series





Except its all good he can support anyone
Hey guys, I’m either second or all the comments haven’t loaded in.
Iv been subscribed ever since i was 7
WE LOVE SKY
At 4:52 when he said I wanted to start over 
Literally start over..
Wait...  weed does this to people?

DrUgS aRE bAd EmKAy
damn... I feel really bad for you my dude... loosing everyone you cared about... being depressed... I hate to see people go through that. I hope you get better.
I missed this and that intro sm
Past Present and Future...    
i think i heard that line before...
I can see depression, right now, I had my parents divorce like two months ago and I was really sad. 
I started having mental breakdowns and felt like I wanted to do suicide.
Most of the time it was like social problems like back in ymca, I said something because I was frustrated and said that an adult supervisor was a freaking liar but he thought I said the f word.
Now at that point, I tried telling them the truth but they just lifted their heads and were convinced that I said the curse word.
But then when I told my therapist, she said to maybe forgive. And that made a new perspective and I personally forgiven for them accusing me of doing that. I hope whatever you have right now can be helped personally and with advice.
When the music career didn’t work out.
My heart it is restored I’ve  miss this
you should play pixelmon reforged or generations
Well now they have panda now in the bamboo forest biome
Idk how old I was when I watched him but I loved him for what he did and when he quit I was sad.When he came back I was the happiest I have ever been.😊
This what I need to get the energy to get out of bed
You should play with shaders
I'm so glad he's back
Sky i dare you to not sleep in minecraft for 3 days in minecraft 

Btw sky Sprint in water to swim
Wait, is the king truly back?
WE LOVE SKY♥
Happy to now you're still here with us
make prison escape videos again lol
You should play Minecraft Story Mode!
What happend to your house labs and everything
Listening to you, one of my many childhood role models, talk about stuff you were going through behind the scenes that I had no clue about is a real eye opener and has brought me to love and respect you even more that I did back then. Knowing that the guy who'd always bring me laughs after long school days without fail is working hard to pull through not just for us but also himself. Listening to this video has made me think over how I've been dealing with myself and before I turn this comment into a wall of text... I want to thank you for everything Adam, I am proud to be a part of the Sky Army and I always will be
 -Sincerely from me, one of your many fans, Marcus
I think one of the great things about you coming back to this is that those of us who have followed you for a long time kind of grew up with you and can relate to things you have gone through and are going though and some of us may not have a good support system in RL but when people like you speak up about personal struggles at least we know we're not really going through it alone.
Even mobs went easy mode even though he set it on Normal...
Adam is thicc
Combat system buddy
Adam keep on going don't give up  keep on going with your videos
This reminds me of the good old days
I really enjoyed this. Not the fact that you got nothing done but the fact that you opened up and told us your story.
thank you so much for coming back because I've been going though a lot lately and thank you for talking about your life I feel like my 12 year old feel again and it is really helping me I missed you thank you Sky
It's all good Adam, I've watched your videos from the beginning and I've enjoyed them all every step of the way. So happy for you that you're getting the help you need. From a faithful member of the sky army, I'm glad you're coming back to YouTube and to health.
Mindcrafting in minecraft part 2
Sky gets deep [ep 1]
Hang in their duder
Is this a reupload cause i think ive seen this
Howd you know it was my left ear
sky u have helped me a lot
How the hell did you know my right earbud is broken?
Amids all these emotional comments i thought i would just add that nowadays attacks have a cool down. You need to wait for that bar by your crosshair to fill up before you swing in order to do maximum damage.
man he hasn't even met a phantom yet
man i know were your coming from im going through depression just hang in there im glad your coming back SKY i loved your vids. come back to us all im gonna be here and welcome back lets all get better as a hole
Im here for you adam :D even though i cant text you or anything. Ill be watching ur vids and likeing every one of them 💛😁💛
We're glad to have you back Adam. We all came back so if your friends really care, they'll come back too. You've just got to give it time. I hope you get better, I really do. So good luck to you, the Sky Army stands beside you <3
the intro hit me like a brick wall
BUTTER... 😍
LOL OMG THAT INTRO YOOOOOOOOOOO
you should do more film music , that was great stuff
Man, you’re probably the most human and kind YouTuber I have ever watched. I hope you get better!

It’s gonna tick me off if I don’t state this, they added Shields, Tridents, and an Attack Cooldown. You have to wait for the Cooldown to be over to deal max Damage. You can also swim by sprinting underwater
Aw man, I can't help but admire how open Adam is in this video. I'm glad to see him back, and I hope he gets to a place where he's happy with himself again.
I liked before the video even buffering
Sky why dont u do a server where u are going survival with lots of us
Hey will you change the name back? Regardless, sky i love you man when i was 8 i watched you for the first time you showed me there was still hope in the world and stopped from almost offing myself. Thank you. You do you man
im a big supporter of pot but i dont really think that it should be used for depression unless your doc tells you, casually though i love it lol
Is it just me or i feel like i all ready watched this video like 3 weeks or 4 weeks ago....
We are here for you man
Did I just time travelled?!
Try to get in touch with old friends and apologize directly it will make you feel better
Minecraft mod showcase
This video was posted like 2 weeks ago
What happened to Kermit and your other buddies? I loved the videos!
In the next episode can you just talk about what the other og minecrafters are like the ones from 2012. When you talked about Kermit it got me thinking
🔥🔥🔥🔥
My god... the squid hatred has been reborn our god is back
4:37 the watcher on the wall returns
We have been here for ya Adam, even when you didn't post. Ur life is still going and you still time fix yourself. Live life the greatest bc from what I can tell, we are all enjoying you. There is also time to make new friends and maybe even get your old ones back. Personally, I'm really happy ur back, but if you still need a break a try to be the best u can be, do it. So all I can ask is take care of yourself, and still think about ur own health a joy before ours. 🙂
Pffff what a weeb doesn’t even know about the 1.8+ combat
throws phone at wall in excitement
With you back in the drivers seat, we as an army can do anything. We’re here for you, most of us never left. Hopefully we can reunite some of those old relationships. It feels good to have you back and playing Minecraft again!
This is what happen after ksi disses nednobody or adam...smh
press ctrl to swim underwater, there's an animation for it (just like if you were to sprint on land)
as feeling depression wise you and i went through the same thing and as a person who just went through depression im happy that i can relate to you Adam
...my nostalgia is just....so sad and happy
Can u do mods
Hi yaaaaaay you back
The memories are flooding back
We’re glad your back
Dude I’ve been going through your old videos I would watch at like 9 years old and they give me some good memories and I hope you start to do them again!! I’ll keep you in my prayers Adam and I hope things will only go up from here!!
YES HE'S BACK
Sky you had great friends I think they all will come back around at some point. I have lost friends because I didnt want to do drugs with them. Hang in there man you are doing great things.
Weed is enjoyable and can treat certain pains but it cannot eliminate the symptoms and severity of depression (at least not frequently.) Its good as a recreational kind of thing and the cbd is good for physical pain but depression and anxiety if severe enough needs treatment, whether or not meds are involved.

For me if I only smoked weed instead of getting treatment when I did I feel like I would be a much more depressed and angry bitter person. I needed the med Ive taken to level out my dopamine and my friends to help pull me out of that dark point.

But yeah weed definitely can put to ease my anxiety and help me physically relax when I partake.
Adam  your not alone

My dad died and I’m 13. I still push past it like you should
"And if it doesn't....uh...blulululululu"
not sleeping has consequences now with evil death birds that will eat your face if you dont sleep for a while
0/10 needs more cocky roomates
We is he subscribed to t-series?
I shed a tear as soon as that OG intro started
I’m so friggen happy he’s back to the old intro too
Gameplay tips
Don't spam the sword, it drains it, and you can charge your attack to hit multiple targets, like with the sheep.
Sprint underwater to actually swim, not the minecraft bobbing up and down swim.
If you get into a large cave system, allways place torches on one set side so you can find the way back.
Jump and wait for the downward momentum to come and punch to deal more damage.
There's no shame in retreating from battle.


If I missed anything, let me know
Sky is the reason why I played minecraft again.
Do modded
If you guys don't start Guildcraft again, I'm gonna be poopy in pants
I think there is a spawner below your house
Hasnt sky already uploaded this
i love you so much ive watched you since i was literally like 9 ur new videos are giving me crazy nostalgia. I LOVE U SM LIKE KSBKWESVNAJRVHFSKDJ I wish i could smoke a fat doobie w you <3 and i hope you get through any rough patches that life decides to fucking chuck at you. i love you bro like im so high rn i just need to spread love rn so hi i lov e you
I know you probably won’t see this but I’ve been watching for so long on so many different channels and it was the best part of my day coming home from school and hoping on the computer and just Watching your videos because I was in a depressed state of my life from a young age and your videos always made me happy and I’ve seen your first video to your last and I’m only 14
I mean, if you want to feel better, don't bottle your emotions up. I would know, because it caused a lot of random breakdowns over nothing. I would also suggest being more open with those around you, it can help a lot. I would also suggest like getting an animal, it allows you to take care of something, and they can provide as much love as you can too! I'm not really a professional, so I don't really know if this could help you, but if it does, that makes me happy :D


On other topics, you were a real role modle for me when I was younger. Surprisingly, you were a look into the real world for me, seeing how you talked about your eating problems in one of your old videos was an eye opener. And I really hope you get better, you deserve true happiness my dude.
Sky I have depression too
THE INTRO
You are my hero
12:10 omfg he referenced the first series. The chicken roommate. He remembers. Omfg yes.
Wait you reposted the same vid Adam lol didn't realize till da yamas
You even have the old intro.
Listen to Marina's song True! It's a positive song to help fight depression
Yayyyy squid is back!!!
llamas!!
This is sooo much nostalgia!
I’m just glad your back and I hope you get better.😉
No way wow um damn
Dont spam attack, wait for the little sword in the bottom to charge up and you will do more damage
I really hope this series will be apart of his treatment
I'm a user of marijuana and sometimes its just.. Not meant for some people
please release more music
Yes!  YES YES YES YES YES YES YES USE YES YEA DUCKING YES!
Yea so here's a few immediate updates you missed!!!

Water has totally been updated, sunken ships got tons of loot and treasure maps can lead to generated structures, you can also sprint in water to swim. Water interacts with half blocks such as fences and slabs and boats are really good now too.

The Nether and Redstone are exactly the same minus the additional to one new block to each. Commands have been a bit reworked though.

New skeleton and zombie variants spawn specifically in ice, desert and ocean biomes. Also, if you don't sleep for 5 days and aren't covered by blocks, flying mobs will  attack you at night.

New stones have also been added too, though they're entirely useless and noticeable.

Among other animals, Rabbits and Llamas have been added, and sheep drop mutton now.

Combat has been completely changed too! when you hover over an attackable mob, a small hud in the shape of a sword will appear over the crosshair. When it's full, swords will do bonus + AoE damage, and Axes will do bonus damage. Axes do the most single target damage now and can easily break shields, however, swords still are the best generalist weapon. 
Connecting to that last point,  shields are super strong too, so you'll probably want one really soon. You can equip items to your off-hand by pressing F or by bringing up your inventory, so most people put their shields in there.

Tons of new decorative blocks have been added, glazed terracotta and variants of stained clay are craftable among a built in crafting book that's functionally NotEnoughItems. Also you'll love this, you can strip wood logs for a barkless version of each log, plus customizable banners have been added too. (Everything I mentioned looks really nice. Building has never been easier.)

That's everything major that you may need to encounter, The End has been received a massive face-lift, but you won't get there soon.

I'm really excited to watch this playthrough Adam. Seeing you much more grounded really feels organic and makes the connection between the viewer feel really personal, and I'm absolutely loving it!!! 
Pierce the heavens dude, kick logic to the curb and do the impossible! Just believe in the us who believe in you!


(Original by Doofus on the last video)
Love you man
WE LOVE SKY
I remember when you would play those parkour maps with deadlox and freak out and it felt honest and fun. For a while it seemed forced, overdone and unreal but it feels like I'm back again, watching those old videos of this random YouTube account I just happend to find one day. It feels real again, like you. Thank you.
Damn, shits making me feel young again, I used to watch you all the time when I was little and seeing you back and running again is awesome. Good luck with the treatment and we all love you
We have to grow up sometime guys😔
adam pls play with mods
I was crying 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Yikes. This brings back my 6th grade days, watching Sky before I went to school to somewhat help me deal with the hardships. Your videos helped me get better, Sky. Wish I could do something to return the favor for all you have helped me through coming up
That intro hit me right in the nostalgia
#left ear stuff
is this real ?!
Hey man just saying your spamming attack it don't work like that no more a little sword bar appears below ur cursor if I don't wait for it to fill between attacks you will do some poor damage
Oh my god, hes back
YEEEEEEEEET
trows genicos
everywhere
My ex used to use weed for his issues but so much so it made it to where anything he said made me not be able to take him seriously as he said "dont take anything i say seeiously from that time. I was using weed"  Sky you made a lot of our childhoods. You deserve to be happy.
I hope you find something that worksfor you
to swim you sprint underwater
I am glad hes back. I grew up watching him.
Golden Butter
Your the best Adam hope you get better.
Press control when you're underwater
WE LOVE SKY!
I'm freaked out because when he said "it's me in your left ear again" I only had one ear bud in. In my left ear.
WE LOVE SKY
should we all point out to adam that combat has a cool down XDDD
WE LOVE SKY
ur the reason i started playing minecraft again
Omg you came back
Sprint bro
You have to pace your swings with the sword to hit as hard as possible. :)
Adam when u made minecraft video,s before I was in a lot of carp and will I was I watched u and you made happy and now I am not sad anymore so thank u for making me part of the sky army
Sky in order for you to move faster underwater you need to hold w and press ctrl key
Hey sky glad to know your getting back on your feet and doung better for yourself and fans who will always support you and if you don't mind this little maybe really really personal question what happened to DJ baby mason and alissa? (hope i said her name right)
Wait till sky finds dolphins added to the game, or even coral reefs, he's gonna be in heaven
Hey, I want you to know that youre not alone. Im currently in treatment also. And i understand how it feels to lose things and let go of things. I used to be the top musician in my school, worked on theatre, and wrestled. But depression got me, and now i do none of those things. Of course i miss all of it, but i knew i wouldnt get better if i worked alone. Sometimes you need to remind yourself that its okay to reach out for help
I just realised that Adam are subscribed to t series 😑
Bring back skga.me
Omg I just kept getting flash backs of being in middle school watching his videos on my iPod touch in the middle of the night.
WE LOVE YOU SKY
That intro gives me memories
I can feel IT am coming back tro
Thanks for sharing all this with us Adam. It really makes me happy you're getting the help needed, and that you are even shinning some light on past problems. Keep doing what your doing! Just know you still have a loyal fan base who is always here to support you, and is happy to listen to whatever you need to get off your chest. Just remember we are all humans, making mistakes big and small. It doesn't matter how big, or how long you've been making them, what matters is that you realize is and better yourself.


 P.S. Combat got updated a while ago. When you use a tool/weapon to attack, you will see a sword icon show up above your hotbar. If you hit with the tool/weapon before the icon fills up you do very little damage. You basically can't spam weapons anymore (yes, everyone hates it).
Attack slower
This is just so nice seeing him playing this again.
YE you go grill
WE LOVE SKY
You need to work on that house
fall, my tears
Adam you grew so much as a person, I rember watching you as a kids and you were more childish, or well joking, but now I feel like your still a funny person. But at the same time your more serious, and more able to admit to your mistakes, and I think youtube should have more people like that, because everyone on this platform hides in a way. They all pretend their happy and everything is fine, but it isnt.

But I truely wish you luck with all of this, and I hope you get better <3
Honey call your friends tell them what you told us in this video 
Even if they don’t take you back at least you’ll do your part and feel better about yourself
You gotta time your swings btw it’s the worst update
Anybody else was here since mod reviews?
its like the old videos of minecraft the mic and how he plays not the other stuff
SkyDoes: Life lesson's
JdjfifiiffFUCK MY HEART YOURE BACK GOD I LOVE YOU I HOPE THINGS GET BETTER FOR YOU WE LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU ALL THE WAY
It was my right ear for me
#Minecraft
You do what you can to be you again. U da best Adam.
Love you adam..
Do more episodes sky
Welcome back
Don't dig straight down #leftearstuff
that was my right ear.
what happen to ross i miss you guys together
wait sky is back???
i feel like there's a lot more ads than before. is it part of youtube, or is sky putting more ads in the videos?
I hope you feel better soon sky
Glad the skye I know as a child is back
Sprint in water to swim
waittttt is this a re upload?
Thats wat i respect about adam hes truthfull with his problems to his viewers
YOU TRAITOR .
WE LOVE SKY
Guys... this feels like a suicide note... idk...
Take all the time you need man, we are your fans, we’ve been your fans since the early days we can wait till you are 100%
MY CHILDHOOD TY
hold ctrl to sprint
tbh I’ve been in the same state of mind and always tried to cope with it alone. But one day I had to breakdown and talk to someone. it’s the worse to be in that state of mind because all you can do is stay there until you find yourself again.
HOW TF COULD I FORGET ABOUT KERMIT OMFG
We make mistakes  that's what makes us human Adam. Here since  2012
s m o k I n  l o t  o f  p o t
When swinging your sword, you get more damage dealt when the bar in the middle is completely white.
GIVE ME MY GODDAMN SON HEUEHEUEHEUEER
Why are you subbed to T-Gay
Sky I used to watch you 4 years ago and I was supper sad when you quit youtube. I’m so happy you decided to start again, I hope you’re feeling okay now. Know we support you and if you are feeling sad don’t feel worried of speaking out about it! It helps a whole lot more than keeping it in, I know from experience. Watching your videos helped me a lot in my darkest moments which aren’t over yet as I’m not even an adult yet. Well take care of yourself mentally and physically. :) Stay awesome Sky.
Make a bed. There are new mobs that attack when 3 nights without sleep pass.
Hey sky use old mics like before
I recommend crafting a book and quill because there’s different monuments now like a woodland mansion and ocean monuments or normal stuff like villages or sunken ships. Also I’ve been watching you slain some mobs and swimming in water,double tap W to swim faster in water and wait out your sword timing in order to make a sword spin which deals heavier damage to mobs.
HIT SLOWER TO DO MORE DAMAGE PLEASE
end 2012 beginning 2013 when I found out about sky and Chimneyswift 9 year old me returns.
You’re so badass dude
Sky, you really made my childhood and honestly when I first saw you uploading minecraft again I came pretty close to screaming. I really missed you man, a lot of people did. Anyway, you've made my childhood so much better. You played a pretty huge role in shaping who I am today and that means a crap ton!! I don't know if this comment would make you like anxious but you really mean the world to me, you helped me make friends and be more open! I'm so happy you're back since you've always been someone that's motivated, inspires, and grew me (that sounds weird) to who I am today. Thank you Sky!
WE LOVE SKY
Oh and sky if you go into f5 and try to sprint in water there is a new animation
We're all here for you, Adam.
hey yeah you have to sprint in the water to swim fast. sweet seeing u again
weed help you if you smoke like once or twice a week but , everyday ,might have the opposit effect
this is kinda sad
Welcome back.
Oh ur back
WE LOVE SKY
Next video: Boyinaband collabs with adam
WE LOVE SKY
Butt aaa luv it
Hay sky you should try building your old base.
Combat cool down
This video got really off topic here
Adam please! The waterworks needs to refill once and awhile!
The moment when you only wear your left head phone
Hi :D
its ok were here for you sky we love you.
Wait...
How many other people checked their headphones during the left ear stuffs?
WE LOVE SKY
MY FATHER IS BACK AND IM HAPPY
You can do it I see your videos when I was little I was sad when u stop
I’m glad you’re getting treatment. Hope you get better
Sometimes it takes someone to hit rock bottom to build them selves back up the way they want to and the way they want others to see them and to better them selves skye, I’m in the same situation bro and I am glad there’s others like me like you and it helps me even more to build my self back up. Skye I’ve been here since day 1 and will continue to be here. You have helped me in the right way skye thank you and I hope to one day meet you and just talk and talk and talk and have deep conversations with you skye. Thank you for doing this.
This might just help me with some personal problems sky... Thank you
WE LOVE SKYYYYYYYYY
Am I the only one who remembers already watching this video like 3 weeks ago and then him reuploading it today?
We support you sky
12:55 “oh baby a triple!”
We miss you sky❤️
HES BACK BOYS
Thank you Adam very cool. ( were all here for you)
Hey sky, I know you probably won't see this, but if you do, then first of all, just know that everyone loves you and if you're ever feeling especially down, we're here for you. Second, heres some info on the new stuff in Minecraft. 
Yes, they added Llamas
If you Sprint underwater you swim way faster
When you're attacking there's that little sword thing, when it's full it does more damage and with a sword it does a swipe thing
Axe's generally do more damage than swords but are slower
There's new zombies but they stay underwater, and when you swim in the same water as them they usually attack you
Villages now spawn a ton of cats with them
There are tridents you can get, but you can't craft them
There's a bunch of new underwater stuff, like shipwrecks that spawn with treasures in them, you can get treasure maps, there's Coral, underwater runs that aren't the underwater temples with guardians, dolphins that if you feed them a fish they will lead you to an underwater thing, you can catch fish in a bucket, and a ton of other stuff, too much to mention. Sorry this was so long if you did see it
if you have a full hunger bar your heal
Butter milk
6:19 squid!
I feel like I have watched this video
there were so many unintentional puns
I'm sorry you've gone through all of that, I'm sure that you might live a better life and your friends would come back and play with you
the old intro killed me and i love that.  i hate that youtube hid this from me.
Man im so glad he's back I still remember when I got taken from my parents and I could only use my phone one hour a day I would spend that hour watching Adams videos so happy to see him doing this again
Is this new or ancient?
Yeeey your upload:)
Adam don’t worry bro you’ll find urself someday and you’ll have people to support you along the way <3 all but love man
Friends can cure your depression.
THE NOSTALGIA
The llamas were added after you left.
How childhood has returned
Memories, five years ago.


it's hard to believe i'm almost thirteen, sky, and you coming back to minecraft brings my soul joy. the true fight within you after you released all of that pent of anger you stored each and everyday. it's really hard to think hen you're twelve, five years ago your favorite youtuber releases a song and when the time struck you stopped playing this game that brought nostalgia. the feeling to rewatch your videos is a miracle that youtube has brought to us. you are a 
I MISSED U SO MUCH ADAM😭😭😭, I had stopped watching YouTube for like a year straight, absolutely no YouTube at all, I came back and he left, that was the saddest thing ever, but I’m so happy ur back u were my childhood😭😭❤️
420 friendly ehhh
I miss you and I'm sorry you had to go through that
If you can pls re attempt island of the skies
#skylox
Your in my right ear
I have depression too.
why am i crying
We Love Sky ❤️
The intro... the nostalgia.
I haven’t hear the squid voice in years
Anyone else feel like they accidentally resent the episode 1v
We need to send this video to everyone who Adam has ever played with and to every former sky army recruit that you know. Show them all that even at his deepest points, he still remembers all those who have ever been by his side and supported him, even all the old recruits, because right now he needs all the support we can give him. 

Idk it really touched me when he brought up Seto and Jason, I feel like if they saw him now, that maybe things could be become better between all the old gang. Maybe even build things back up with BajanCanadian and the rest of the old tc crew
Cops And Robberq
i’m so proud of you adam
OMG MY INNER SELF GEKKING OUT. Sky I’m getting to much nostalgia love the vids keep it up I love seeing this Mabey try cops and robbers
You see that sword thing filling up? When its full hit again, it'll deal more damage and sometimes do a multi hit, and sprinting underwater makes you swim faster, also there is a mob called the phantom that spawns if you don't sleep in a bed. P.S Get butter soon, and yes that was a pun, don't PUNish me, you don't PUNderstand!
do stuff w/ jerome
4:48 he ded
Also Sky I recommend running long runs in parks or just in general. I went through some depression back in 8th grade and I remember my friend requesting I run with him with the high school and let me tell you this. Best decision I have made with coping with Depression. I still have some depression but not as much and everyday I’m striving to find that most perfect me. Run with friends too. It’s better that way. Also if you are going to run I recommend looking for some local 5k’s in your area (3.1 miles). It’s not really competition against others rather against yourself. 


As fans we hope you become better so we can relive our childhoods/experience something new with someone (Sky) new!
It’s so nice to hear someone talk about real topics. There is only one other person I’m subbed to who actually talks about the real hardcore things and its just awesome to hear someone else start being real with what’s happening. I’m glad your getting somewhere better in life and I’ll support you till the end. 
Also I would give you advice on how to get better on Minecraft...but it’s been a long while since Ive even touched my computer with MC loaded on it XP
we will always be here to support you
This was so damn nostalgic. I picture my 8 year old self watching the prison break series and just get overwhelmed by nostalgia. I wish this fortnite era would end and we could go back to 2013/2012
bro i used to watch your minecraft vids all the time then i came back to see whats been happening over the years and i watched your first video on this new world and i was already feeling like a kid again then i'm watchiing the second video and i see your intro and i started to giggle my guy giggle.... im so glad you're back
This is serious nastolgia. And I understand what you mean.
You have/had depression:c? BTW don't hide depression under drugs...it won't help...idk I never got depression but I do know that when I'm feeling down I surround myself with friends family happyness and we're here to help (I'm literally crying right now because your sadness makes me want to help)ps. Try to apologize to your friends that you lost
My 10 year old self is loving this
Play with Ross or are you not friends any more
you get crtitical hit
yo adam, you see that little dagger icon for whenever youre attacking? basically the higher it is the more damage you deal. if the bar is maxed out, you can deal max damage for whatever weapon youre using
Didn't Sky have a 2012 Minecon cape?
WE LOVE YOU SKY
HOPE YOU GET BETTER AND COME BACK TO YOUTUBE

EDIT: I remember when I was like 8 to 11 and I absolutely loved your vids Sky. Things like the roleplays and mod showcases were my favorites, like the Maze Runner RP you did a while back with Barney, Ross, and Aphmau, or the Pirates one. If you need some more time off, Sky, then we completely understand. But if/whenever you decide to come back, your fans will be waiting for you.
Try playing with more people. Not only does it allow you to have fun with others, but you have someone to talk to while you're doing it.
Can we revive our childhood game ?
Ain't nothing wrong with a little weed it's the good stuff
Adam I hope everything turns alright because when I was young when I was ever sad I come and watched some funny videos to cheer me up and I always go to your videos cause they cracked me up so much it brought so much joy to me and many other people as well.I hope for the best for you Adam for your future and I’ll be watching you once again and be part of your sky army once again. So thank you for being part of my childhood mate and Making me laugh all the time.
aaaah the Bob Ross of Minecraft
I am so glad i decided to come back here
I started watching you since 2013 and I felt so sad when you left. But now that you’re back, it feels like all the good memories are flowing back. I don’t care what you’re going through though we’ll be here supporting you no matter what happens
I love you sky
Adam . Pls name this survival series ( talking in survival ) pls . We woyld like it
Cops n Robbers please!
💛
Try and teach your son how to play Minecraft
I can feel my childish thought coming back
1:56 lmfaoooo
I'm sorry sky dous mincraft
Sky is subscribed to t series
Remember not to spam click when attacking monsters. Wait til the bar under your crosshair is full.
Sky you can get throw it and we are all glad you are back
No more minecraft plz because I am pretty sure that it's called sky does everything
I’m glad your getting help now sky. I’ve struggled with depression and your videos actually really helped when I was feeling down. I hope us viewers can help a bit and hope you feel better. Also SQUID IS BACK
Love the videos!
Sprint in the water
You'll have to specify on what you want to know but I'll just throw a couple changes out there, as you said, there are Llama's, there are Turtles, there are Parrots, there's a combat system where you can't just spam attack anymore, you'll haveto wait for the bar to recharge and deal the usual amount of damage, there are Turtle Eggs, there's Swea Pickles, there's Sea Weed, you can't smoke it, there's Biomes for the Sea such as The Warm Ocean, etc, a lot of things have changed, if you need any help, just tell any of us =)
Why are you subscribed to t series?
Try sprinting in water
I have just lost all respect for you because of your subscription to T-series
Yo sky love to see you back mannnn
Yes
Sad he's subscribed to t series
stop using whom wrong reeeee
This is very surreal because it’s Adam, the same Adam I fell in love with when I was 9 and here he is talking about the same things I went through when he was gone. The humor he has is the exact same, it’s not my cup of tea now but n o s t a l g I a idk it’s weird cuz I never knew what went on behind the scenes but here he is talking about how his friends were there for him just like how my family was for me. 
Sky army forever :,)
You have a cool down after each attack. A bar is located under the crosshare and when its full you can hit a full damage with whatever item you have equipped. Also when the bar is full and you have a sword of axe on hand it will let you attack as if you slashed your sword from one side to the other, hitting other mobs.
Longer and more episodes sempie
Love u you where my child hood
i hope you get better and in a better place adam :). p.s. spaming attack doesnt work in the latest versions there is a cool down, if you spam it only does like half a heart or less per hit no matter what weapon you have.
OH MEH GURD!!! YOU BROUGHT BACK THE OLD INTRO! MY LIFE IS NOW COMPLETE! oh yeah, um... dont spam attack. it does WAY less damage now. you gotta pay attention to the attack indicator. and when its full, then attack. and wait for it again. its apart of a new combat update.
I love you, no homo
Gosh what he talks about hits so close to home. I went through a long phase where I felt entitled, and was judgmental and bossy- And it takes losing what you have, to realize what you had.
However comma, during that period I had where I was alone and lost everything-
-Realizing my mistakes and how I'd acted
-Literally having dreams of being with the people I loved, and having things back the way they were, but then I'd wake up to reality
I grew and learned a lot, and even though it was the worst year of my life, I wouldn't have it any other way.
It's so much different in real life than it is in movies or stories- where a villain or bad character changes. There's that guilt, and no matter who forgives you, sometimes you can almost never forgive yourself.


SAP STORY ASIDE HUEHUEHUE I hope the best for Sky; I watched him all the time when I was younger, and it's really amazing to see him still around.
the gods have given me a second episode
sky does everything you funny
Omg you were my child hood hero
Items now float on water
i dont have anything special to say other than hearing you talk like this again and playing minecraft makes me happy. I love you Sky
Potato farms are op for food and trade
I feel like i am 9 years and old again!!!!!
Take your time with getting better, and I know things will get better as time goes on. As well as thank you, for bringing back the memories. You're brave, for being able to tell over 100,000 people about this, to talk about your problems, and I, no, we, everyone, will know things will work out.
I thought you quit?
XD
i hope you get better
Your not a true fan unless you watch 14 minutes of adam talking and playing minecraft
I know that this is supposed to be serious, but you can't rapid fire the attack button, you have to wait until the bar under the crosshair fills back up
Dear sky(adam) i never leave comments like this but, I never related more to you than right now. I've gone through depression myself, it's hard and sudden. I lost all my friend's all bc i was ignorant and gave all my attention to someone who ended up hurting me badly, lied to me and broke me. But, you helped me with your vids. You're videos made me laugh so hard i couldn't breathe, even when i feel i was not good enough for something or someone. Just please know, that you can get better, there is so much people here to support you. You are , just put forward your best effort bc You've made my days worth living, so I'm sure you can do it for yourself as well, Just don't cave in. Everyone messes up, especially me 💪🏻You can do it 
We believe in you
Im glad your back we all have missed you so much my famliy would fight a lot and your videos helped me though that when you left I accepted it and moved on most of us did but you all ways had a place in our minds and our hearts... FOR THE SKY ARMY WATCH OUT SKWIDS OUR KING OUR LEADER IS BACK...WE WILL REBIULED AND BE REBOIRN 100 TIMES BETTER THAN BEFORE!!!
I would listen for hours
If u run under water you swim
the 28 dislikes are squids
Sky is a T Series supporter.
Use the old opening at least once plz
Hhheeeeeees BAKKKKK
Resubscribed
On the bright side, most views you have are from the people who have stuck with you fam.
Adam you have my respect for your bravery and thank you so much for giving me back my memories of the good old days also I almost cried when I heard my childhood scream guess who’s back from the dead and I hope your older friends give you a second chance because you were offered one and you’ve been given a respawn where most others don’t I love you bro(no homo)
I haven’t seen anyone comment on weed yet 😂
NOSTALGIAAAAA
Hey sky, pass the boof
What’s the Minecraft server?
dabs
If you need help with depression you need to be save ask lord jesus Christ to save you cry out to him then he well help you with your depression and the lord love you
4:47 Oof.
:')
Whoever dislikes this video is a horrible person
also, the newer 1.9 combat update makes things different.
you are playing in 1.13/1.14
if you can find an ocean, you can find underwater structures with diamonds in them








If you read this Sky, I miss all of your old minecraft vids but your mental health is more important...
but you go with your own flow! Love you SKY ❤
Yes
why is the dislikes exactly 69???
Sike, I'm only wearing one wireless headphone and it's in my RIGHT ear.
Glad to hear you're getting treatment and help. Feels kind of good to have someone on youtube talk about serious stuff and such, i hope the Buttery road will lead you to good luck and away from squids! But seriously take all the time you need to recover
I have once again found myself in my seven year old body, watching Minecraft videos because I honestly had nothing better to do, and thinking that swear words were just completely innocent things to say.
Hey Adam, I remember watching you as a kid and making my day as you were my hero, I hope you get rid of your depression soon.
Yeah, I have depression too. YOU KNOW WHAT MAKES MINECRAFT SO EXCITING, IS THE WINTER MOUNTAINS WHERE YOU CAN BUILD A CAVE INSIDE IT. :D
Keep fighting. I would say, if you can, reach out directly to the people you lost and apologize directly. Don't leave things up to fate. Reach out and try to mend the broken bridges.
Man is this bringing back childhoods memories of old sky
Hey Adam, long time recruit here, I just wanted to tell you that no matter how you feel or what you are going through or think about, you can always open up to us and we will never judge you. Also, I hope someday when you are confident in yourself again, do you ever think DJ Baby Mason will make a return to the videos?
He’s back
I grew up watching this guy, im 16 now I started watching when I think I was like 8 or 10, I really can't remember its been awhile, I have seen all your friends come and go, I really miss the old days but i'm happy to see you getting better and to see you happy, ill always be here Adam, whats another 7 years huh.
Same
Skydoesminecraft as an anime girl.
2019 worse then 2018
I looked through skys subscription page...
T-series huh?
This brought me well back and hit me hard. Sky was my first gay crush (because 2011 was wild) and I suffer from pretty severe depression. I really really hope he gets better. There's a big part of my heart dedicated to Sky
hhhhhhhhhhhh dad... you're back...
Sky I really want to say I hope you’re doing well in treatment and I want you to find yourself again. We all want to thank you for coming back and being super nice to all of us. We are always here and even though we can’t do much, we do our best. Thanks for all the nostalgia and work, I wish I could do something better to help I just want to give you a hug bro. All I want is for you to finally be yourself because you seem so sad but the best part about you is you still break through it and try to entertain us by being funny and still expressing your fun side even though you’re hurt. It pains me personally to see my childhood fall apart. Thank you so much for everything we love you sky ❤️
Dude.... my childhood dude....
The squid
Sky, we got you fam.
Hey sky, this will probably get lost in all the comments, but I just want to say that you should know thatyou are cared for. I'm sure there are tons like me, people who your laughter and "comedy" (lol jk you were really funny) brought out of dark places. So it's only fair that we're here for you when you need it
You shouldn’t spam click, it deals more damage to click wait click wait click
Is it me, or was this video reuploaded?
Adam you need  to do a Fortnite do not laugh
❤️
They added llamas a long time ago lol
Adam, please, just stop SPAM HITTING!!! Pay attention to the damn charge bar...
hey sky if ur wandering why mobs are not dyin as fast  they added a charge speed on weapons so dont spam also they added crossbows
But seriously though, Adam? You are beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. We're here for you, and you honestly deserve everything and more. I'm not going to pretend that everything will be rainbows and sunshine within the next 24 hours, and I'm not sure if it will, but any step you take is something. We're here for you, always.

Holy crap this was deep. Sorry for ruining any banter but yeah.

-The Sky Army/ what you want to call us now honestly
For seven years I was alone, I was targeted by people because I was alone, but every day when I got home you were there. I don't understand what it's like to have depression, but I know it's a hard thing to deal with, and I hope you pull out okay. We all missed you.
A couple of tips: When you're fighting, don't just spam click. Wait until the little bar in the middle of the screen fills back up until you hit again. It does more damage. Also, they didn't just make it easier to ascend and descend in water. There's a whole swimming animation if you're sprinting in the water. It's a forward stroke, with the arms moving outward, and the legs kicking, and everything.
I cried
<3
Sky and Deadlox used to be my favourite Minecraft YouTubers back in 2013 where they did a Christmas Parkour video together , I remembered Deadlox skin wearing a headset
I remembered watching Adam's old videos and i just wanna let Adam know that im a big fan and watching his videos made me happy but you can clearly see the difference in his old videos and now and adam has my full respect for still staying and being strong and that how Adam is looking after himself and how he knows whats good for him and whats bad even after everything that happened and with all that just shows how real reality can be..
Does it annoy anyone else that he doesn’t let the sword charge up that’s it though the vid was (sheds a tear) nostalgic
Wooooow #skyarmy #nobodies also keep at it with the music and also i was wondering if you ever want to do a collab cause I’ve been making music but i haven’t recorded it
Who... whom..... WHOMST
Dont swear
At some points he sounds like leafy
Hey bro Idk if you’ll see this comment but I just want to give you all my love and support and how much I appreciate bringing my childhood self back but also how happy I am for you trying to become your better self, not trying to be all preachy but want to say I believe in you and have faith in you and know that as long as you stick with it you will get through your tough times. I LOVE YOU AND YOUR VIDEOS and I’m sure everyone else does! IM SO GLAD TO SEE YOU BACK MAN!
Tacocat
I'm sorry for what you're going down, I hope you can get through it all
Adam ur alive?
we love sky :)
Maybe you should actually sprint, use CTRL to sprint. You can change the button if you want in the “Controls”!section. Also applies to swimming, they have new animation for it.
I thohght you quit lmao. Music didnt work so well huh. Just goin back to a quick cash grab. Sad and pathetic.
My favourite thing about Adam’s revived interest in Minecraft is him finding out about all the new stuff they added
hey sky your biggest down fall will be your strongest recovery  you will later find your true self at the lowest point it come at you fast but goes quick  i had a cousin who passed at the age of 2 weeks and a brother who passed at age 3 and a 1/2 thats when i know i had great friends  the people who are always there for you need help come ask me or find me on face book im 16 and went through so much and i found music was the best why to help find music that will tell you the same life story you are trying to tell sorry for the long paragraph but your not alone with the pain and i will help when needed
yay thanks im late sorry
I’m gonna cry
OMG 8 YEAR OLD ME IS BACK
I really do like the idea of Sky making a huge throwback to the times where people loved watching Minecraft videos, and would just love watching these big YouTubers like Sky, but with Nostalgia, there comes a price..

It doesn't feel the same. The idea of him bringing this back is great, I'm sure, but times have changed, some for the better, and some.. Reluctantly, for the worse. Sky, loved the old Minecraft Content, but.. It's not the same.
This is sexy
The fact that these Vids aren't getting many views is fine. It shows that those who are watching are those who will be here for the ride, those who truly enjoy your content and missed you. We welcome you back into this game and with the smaller community, I feel like it'll be easier to reintegrate to mincraft and YouTube in general.
You could read a read a book to release you’re stress.
When your little sword icon underneath your crosshair refills between hits, it's actually much quicker to let it fill before you hit (no spamming), cuz it does a lot more damage and also damages enemies around the one you hit. It also saves on durability. And if you sprint while in water, you actually go into a horizontal swimming position and move really fast
Oh no
buddddderrr
I found home...
Butter?
Remember he would get 1m views in a day, now look sigh
I'm so sorry
What happened to deadlox?
I hope you get over this hill and I believe in you so does us sky army I hope you get better and I will wish your an amazing year even though you are hurt and injured from depression and anxiety I know you can get though this you have us sky army here to support you and I love this series and have an amazing day everyone bye
now the only question i have is...




are you still friends with Ross and Max?
♥️♥️
to the people who disliked this video.... how dare you... why? BUT! some advise that I give to you Adam is to just surround yourself with those who make you feel happy and welcome, don't let judgement get the best of you when meeting new people, you might just miss out on having a friend that will never leave your side no matter what, get yourself a friend who makes you smile just by being around them, and not a fake smile, a real smile, let their aura drowned you with positive feelings and emotions, trust me it's the best, I'm actually one of those people who does that to others, my energy from my ADHD and my aura just makes everyone happy, and I'm glad I have good friends.
When you’re a kid and you are depressed but don’t have a weed plug ):
It's rewinD timE!
What happened to all of your equipment? You used to have a huge office/studio.
what
Those squids are back!!
Those 30 people who disliked are retarted
You can swim by pressing cntrl and if you want to do the most damage to one enemy you will need to jump then while your body starts to fall down hit with your sword but if you want to do an attack that hits multiple enemies at once then just swing with your sword when the bar of the sword has been filled up. Btw you carve wood now so you can carve trees to put check marks so that you won't get lost.
Hey Adam. I’ve been watching your videos ever since I was really young and I’ve gotten so much joy out of them. You’ve helped me get through so much because I truly felt that you were right by my side chasing budder and killing squids. I can’t pretend to understand everything you’re going through but I just want to tell you that I know you’ll get through all this and that you’ll find who you are. You’re strong, man. Think of the thousands and thousands of people you’ve entertained. You’ve helped all of them get through their problems. You can get through yours. Thanks for all the laughs and smiles Adam. You’ll get through this.
Can u stop acting emo
But hey I wish you luck
Yo Adam I want to see the return of squirl friend aka your pall rooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooosssssss
wait
Beds require the same wool color now so don’t grab random colors. Spam clicking with sword doesn’t work anymore, there is a cooldown. Many new mobs and structures. Feels good to see these again. And like, if you weren’t enjoying it I wouldn’t be as happy, but you seem to enjoy the nostalgia
Any one else wants sky to bring back mine pranks?
Adam, combat update, you can't spam hit things anymore, you have to watch that bar just below the crosshairs to fill up and then hit it, and that deals the most damage.
Why was it taken down?
It's honestly great to have you back Sky. I first became a fan when I was 12, and back then you were just someone I liked to watch play minecraft. Now I'm 17, and you're now also someone I can relate to, as I have my own similar struggles including depression. You're actually the very first YouTuber I became a fan of, and a big reason why I myself wanna make videos for a living. Just remember we love you, and we'll support you in any way we can.
for me, sky helped me so much through stuff. and i was literally 7 when i started watching him. and when he cursed and all that it was so funny to me. and while my mom and dad were arguing, drinking, smoking, self harming, i was there a 7 year old watching sky does Minecraft. i mean what else could i do? sky, you helped me so much. you honestly remind me of what my dad did. you know, smoking pot. my dad didn’t fight like you though. Adam, you are doing so good. keep fighting
Me returning to my 7 year old times
hey Adam, i know you probably wont read this, but i want you to know that i appreciate the fact that your trying to be open and get help. you've been such an inspiration for me, and you might not know it but you've helped more people than you know through your content. i cant imagine what your going through but i know that whenever i felt down you helped me so much and made me laugh and cheered me up. seeing you do more content and bounce back from everything slowly but surely, it just makes me so happy knowing that someone can be so strong, or at least hide their fears, anxiety, and sadness so well. i know that was a lot but i really just want to say thank you. for everything you've done over the years. with minecraft, your music, vlogs, gta, and so much more. you're such and amazing person. i hope you're depression gets better and that the rest of your life treats you well. again, thank you so so much
I was 12 when I watch adam now im 18
I'm crying. I love this. I love Sky.
play more minecraft or minecraft server because i will love it we will love it also we thanks to you for making a cool video sky
We support you Adam, you get yourself back together, we are here for you adam
I definitely have been trying to self medicate too with weed and I really did have extremely similar effects. It made my mental health worse without me realizing it until I was at rock bottom. I’m now seeing a psychiatrist to finally better myself because I have lost so many people in my life for not taking care of myself. Honestly just reflecting and taking time to myself has helped me.
Listen Adam, or sky, or whatever you want me to call you, I’m not sure if you’ll see this but I have to say this, you were my hero and savior, literally. I was in a point of my life of what your feeling right now. I’m only 16 and felt a lot over my life. You saved me from suicide attempts and... you saved my life. Your videos helped me a lot when I went through depression and when I get my anxiety attacks. You really helped me and still help me to this day. Everything you’ve done has really helped me through my darkest. When I felt no hope. When I felt like no one needed me. I love you and you will always have a special place in my life and in my heart. I hope you do well in the future and say hi to your son for me! 😂😭
Swimming animation
adam you need to stop spam clicking on animals, it does less damage now
you really gotta stop spam hitting. it really isn't helping
Gold  Apple
Ya know, I despised you when we were young back then, just because you were addressing a younger audience. But honestly, mad respect man coming back and making a video like this. Looking at the mini game video and then looking at this, I can understand that you just want to play some games and all. Cheers dude.
I don't think nobody mention you can craft a shield. You need 1 iron and 6 wooden planks. Place the iron at the top middle and surround it with wood. Put it on your off-hand and crouch to use it. It can block arrows and attacks from other mobs
Ligma
If you want to cure your depression, get a social life and do some exercise
Does all your subscribers are part of that we help you to feel better and we are all here for Adam the butter army  is here for you
I have depression and I haven’t been eating properly and sucidal
I’m surprised he re-uploaded this I don’t know why he deleted it in the first place
I now what your going thew im 13 and i have dupesin your not alone
Don't spam your sword you get a sword loading bar and when it fully charges you get a splash effect with the hit.
SKY VS SSUNDE
I know someone who used weed for depression, for her it was one of those things that made her worse before it made her better. She doesn't recommend it unless done with extreme caution. The way she explained it was that it made her face her problems, which isn't always the best thing when depression gets really bad. Plus, you need to look into the cannabis strain, some are really only good for physical pain (I've heard good things about that too) and some are only good for mental issues. There are also ones that do both, but again, the ones for depression can bring you to a darker place before it brings you to a lighter one.
It’s amazing watching someone that I loved and really enjoyed to watch fall but now is coming back and with some compassion. I don’t know if this will get to you Adam but if it does just remember that we hear you and are here for you.
You can press ctrl to swim faster adam.
Also you cant spam your sword anymore, you have to space your attacks <3
I can feel happiness coursing through my vains
i know i missed something because this is a reupload
Sky as for what you've missed there's a lot , there's a picture I found to sum it up but I cant figure out a way to show you it
you should watch the hermit craft series and learn from them on how to get better
I feel my minecraft routine tingled my neck
this is awesome
Just waiting till he finds B U T T E R
i forgive you adam i still love you you can play minecraft or another game i will love you till the end
I watched for years and I decided to come back to check it out and I love how your content has grown with your fans and it shows how much you have grown I love your videos and will continue watching.
9 year old me is glad you're back #LeftEarStuff
Someone needs to tell adam that spamming a sword doesn't work anymore like it used to
i’m crying tears of joy for you
Damn
I love adam.
Wait you’ll listen to my advice? Then I won’t leave an essay, just the most basic- Combat has changed. Spamming attacks just breaks your sword. Wait until that bar below your crosshair fills up before swinging again
MINECHAFT!!!!!!!
I want ross
Does he know about 1.9 PVP?
hi adam!
i hope you remember me..
but may be you dont,but please know i fully support you, seeing you grow into so much pain breaks me because i have too.
alot of thing can help you to help you be yourself!, though i agree medicine wont exaclty help therapy might, i also suggest you play with friends it makes people feel more cheerful!!
ranting to us can also help people support you and except you  i may not know a lot but i really wish you could be happy
(and.. please dont smoke.... please..)
This made my night. After stressing about homework and tests and trying to pass junior year this calmed me. Thank you sky I loved your videos back then and loves them now. #LeftEarStuff
Thank you Adam or Sky I'm glad your back and I hope your friends come back too. It's just that I've missed my childhood heroes and it's nice to see some are still here. 
#SkyArmy
How did you know I only had my left headphone in
Its ok sky. We still love you no matter what we hope you get better. And be safe sky❤️😊
I love that fact he back if reminds me when I was 9 staying up late watching ur hunger games
I can feel my 10 years old self again hahaha and that second intro wow i missed that💞
Wait to hit with your sword till the mini sword on the screen is full
The old intro yay
#LeftEarStuff
I was wondering if you could see yourself doing like some mini game videos like survival games.those use to be my favorite things to watch when I was younger and sometimes I enjoy going back and rewatching them to this day. I hope going and getting treatment helps you feel better and I hope you are also able to find great joy in making Minecraft videos. I know I enjoy seeing you start to upload more!
I woke up to Adam chasing a cow with half a heart.
whom intensifies
Time your swings with your swords
Adam, dont spam the sword. If you see that small sword icon under your hotbar, thats an attack cooldown, if you wait till thats full, it will do maximum damage
Funny you are actually in my left ear.... XD
Wow hes playing minecraft again?
Spam clicking pvp doesn't work anymore it's from the times before 1.9 you see the sword under the cross wait until it fills up and then hit again.
Sky does cocaine
What about munching brotatoee
its so strange to see you uploading again. i remember watching your stuff in middle school. and then nothing for the longest time. now im graduated and hella old. appreciate you sky hope you're holding up okay. <3
Thank you sky you cured my depression
NOSTALGIA ALERT!

9 year old me would love this!
WE LOVE SKY!
I missed this. I feel like a 9-10 year old again. Ily Adam. Bless 🙏
Crazy Adam, I have been watching ur videos for the rest of my childhood,  and I enjoyed every minute of ur videos. 
U were my childhood... Thank you 

I hope u get better and have a happy life,  cuz u gave me a happy childhood
I have been watching since the old jump map days
I'm happy you're doing better and getting thr help you need....it honestly makes me happy that you're getting better and trying to find your self again
BEEN HERE SINCR DAY 1 on 37 different accounts
My jaw dropped so low when I saw the old intro omfg
the left ear trick just made me think my headphones were broken so I actually went to mess with the chords to see if it would fix :/ /
#leftearstuff
Thank you for 5 year old me for loving this
Enter enthusiastic screaming here.
Tears...
Im sorry to say this But do people still play minecraft it sounds bad when i say that also keep pushing the fame of minecraft ok Good luck
I feel young again
Hugs
Oh no did he lose the butter sword ?
Adam rest
Look man, I love ur videos and I've been seeing them for a while. In my opinion the only way that you can get back up is by getting everyone back together and apologizing directly to them,( face to face ).
Hey Adam, in the middle of your screen is an indicator. It needs to fully charge up befire you can do the most damage per hit ❤
HOW DID HE KNOW I WAS LISTENING WITH MY LEFT EARBUD ONLY AHHH
I'm not even joking he said it's me in ur left ear again and one of my ear buds work......and it's in my left ear....I🤯
He's back
y'all mind if I cry ? ? ?
Hope the treatment is going good, love you Adam
Can someone teach sky the new combat update.  The bar in the middle needs to fill before u can swing full power
Spread the word that the Butter king is back.
Adam, in order to do maximum damage (and save durability on ur sword n stuff) you need to wait for the tiny sword bar near your reticle to charge before hitting something again. Rapidly hitting something does like half a heart with a stone sword. Also axes do the most damage but have the slowest recharge
You can do it sky! We all believe in you! I wish you the best of luck!
Omg the nostalgia!!!
This is so blessed
90% of childhood restored
Finally! The wait is over! So eager to watch this!
I fing missed you your  littralky ny favorite youtuber i rember eatching you during the summer i had a lot of famliey problems and i was   beaten as a kid but your vudeos made me so,happy i love you sky and  ¿  im glad your bacj i hope your recovrey is gonna be blissful trasition into being back ti your old self i had a lot of deression and your videos was how i medicated it i will always be proud t be part of the sky army ik this comnent probaly wont reach you but if you do,read this and see imglad your back and i wish you the best the numbrr one youtuber sky does mincart or adam thanks for coming back im so,happy
On a Minecraft related note Adam they changed the way they work: if you see the little sword at the bottom, when you swing your sword, it goes down then fills back up.  You do more damage when it’s filled up and if you hit without the sword going up, it’s like hitting things with your fist.

On a serious note: I’m glad to see that you’re already doing better. It’s nice to hear everything and I’m actually really enjoying listening to it.  Keep it up! :)
On the real though what happened between you and Jason?
Haha jokes on you, you were in my right ear
9 yr old me is sending this to my friends
Are you actually wanting to play minecraft sky?
GET DAT COW
combat has been updated, so the sword icon under the crosshair tells you the cooldown between hits 
also sprint in water to swim fast
GOOD LUUUUUUCK
throws confetti WOOOO NOSTALGIA TRIP!
I thought I already have seen this

Did you reupload this video?
Ive been watching your videos since I was 10 now I'm 16 and I still love your videos Adam thanks for making my childhood
Isn't this a reupload? I'm not complaining though
Sky is back, Jonas brothers are back, Hannah Montana is back


My childhood is reassembling
"WE LOVE SKY"
At this year(2019) your younger audience from 2012-2014 are basically doing uhh... things...
WE LOVE SKY! ♡♡♡
WE LOVE SKY
Bring back sky media
Damn those squids are back!!
Hey Sky, I dont know if you're reading this but I just want you to know from the bottom of my heart that I hope everything works out for you, you've given me countless hours of joy all throughout my childhood and i just want to say thank you, i remember first watching you way back in 5th grade and the smile it brought to my face, your videos helped me through some tough times in life and I just want you to know that I'm grateful for joy you have given me
Therapy session with sky. What could be better
Can I hear Adam say budder at least once
We love sky
Why does everyone keep disliking his videos
My 10 year self is happy
We love sky :) 💜
THOSE BUTTER
PRO TIP: 
If you hold control while underwater you swim faster
Keep getting better man! Love the minecraft vids and how your getting better. #leftearstuff
I just love how real... and... honest you're being. Yes, I love how funny you are but, sometimes it's better to be real than fake your emotions. Love you.❤️
it seems over the last  year you have done an incredible amount of maturing and growing as a person. I'm really glad for you Adam
Tip: don’t just spam attack, wait for the meater to charge
Keep going man
GIT THE GANG BACK TOGETHER
How did you know you were in my left ear 😂😂🧐😑
WE LOVE SKY
1:58         Ah
Aw. He's so old to Minecraft that he doesn't know the new combat yet. 

Beside that, I know how he feels. I have epilepsy, and for treatment, I've been given medicinal marijuana. And when I'm on that high, I realize that how I care for myself high vs sober makes me feel really bad. We all have our trials, Adam. Everyone here still loves you, hell, you were my childhood. 

Nothing starts until you take action, and we're all glad you did.
Medical marijuana
We love sky!
whom
Ok it’s been a few years since he apparently left. This showed up in my recommended and now I’m in tears. Sky you help me so much I’m so happy to see these kinda of videos again, I love you dude
Adam/Sky/Net inspired me to do a lot of things like Music, YouTube, Acting, Taking off my Masks, Playing Minecraft is also a big one.
If you get enough string, flint, feathers, and sticks. Make a ** load of arrows and a bow and drown a Zombie... Now if this works they WILL turn into a "Drowned" in which you have a chance to get a Trident... After that collect 6 iron and 1 wood plank to make a shield. There is a knowledge/recipe book in your inventory menu below the 2x2. If you forgot a recipe {or in your case a new one} it'll be useful. Also... Murder everything you see! You're Welcome!
WE LOVE SKY. 

Sad i have depression too. i understand

So if you need anything i will be around in youtube! i will understand.
dont spam click your sword! it does a TON of less damage than if you wait a second in between hits!
Dame Minefeels
Thank you so much for doing what your doing. It feels nice seeing you returning to your roots keep up the amazing work!!!
You were one of the only people that kept me happy during the terrible times I had back in middle school, I'm glad to have you back again buddy.

Take care, and I wish you all the best. :3
Is this a re-upload..?
Technoblade vs skydoesminecraft 12:27



Adam get better :)
i honestly truthful understand- and i looked up too you when i was much younger. so thank you for making me smile and be the real you "sky"
Been here since Who knows when. Im 16. I was maybe 10 when i started watching you. I understand what you’re going through and fully support you. Im proud to have grown up watching you grow as a person. Thanks for making me laugh Adam.
Sky, I'm glad u managed to open up more and tell us how u felt back then and how u feel rn. We all appreciate wat you've given us, and we'll keep on supporting u! Thank u!
You can’t spam attack anyone, they made a thing where when you pause it does more damage.

Also when you land after a jump and then attack, you hit more critical hits.
We must get the attack cooldown mechanic into his head
Just a suggestion maybe try to talk to the people who you lost and try to make up and get back together with them slowly
I grew up watching your videos man. And I'm sitting here as a 20 year old college student now with a full time job, and hearing you talk about everything you've been through really hits me and makes me understand that even though everything bad I ever went through growing up, my depression and anxiety and everything like that- it defines who I am yeah, but it doesn't have to affect me negatively. It can motivate me to be better than I was before and to be better for the future. There's more I wanted to say but I don't wanna make this too long so:

Glad to see you back Sky. It's kinda like saying hello to an old friend again. ❤️
fooled me once, I realize my mistake, fool me twice, shame on me, fool me three times, It's starting to become a pattern.
Don't swing so fast and you'll do more damage, if you wait till the bar underneath your crosshair you'll see the difference
This is such mega-nostalgia to my childhood that i'm pretty sure im going through puberty again.
11:39 omg Adam😅💜💜💜
Mannn I miss this
Floop the Doop zombo
I support you sky
my left ear again
YOUR ALIVE!!!!!!!!!
Seeing him post again is bringing back great memories 😭 We all love you Sky!  We never forgot you!
Saw u in my feed after good knows how long. Lmao love the old intro. Sucks you don't have the same views as back then. Keep doing what ur doing dude.
When you attack mobs and stuff attack slower kind of and when you attack jump and attack and you will do more damage also if you look at your cross hairs you will see a sword that's kind of your attack stamana
Hey man you can sprint underwater ti swin faster, and you can craft a Campfire -it doesn't need coal as fuel or anything, what you need to do is put some meat in there. And haha.... there's a lot of thing's in minecraft that you miss. Lov yo vids man keep it up
Man I remember the good old days when Minecraft was really at its peak. So much nostalgia.
Watch the entire ads for the man who framed my childhood
Adam saying whom instead of who to sound like a super intellectual
This makes me so nostalgic I’m cryidkdndndn-
We support. We respect. We love. You’re gonna make it man.
Was this re uploaded?
Caveman sky
I remember this
I know what you are going through it took me many years for me to get out of mine I was lucky that j never got Into anything too deep that I could not get out of but th web people who helped me the most was my family and that's who n would gm talk tk about this cuz maybe they can help you work though this
really enjoyed the episode
You will pull through SKY
What happend to ross and them
the advice I would give for the game?  be aware of the new threats and aids.  try to keep a bed with you.  not sleeping for extended periods can cause phantoms, large bat like monsters, to spawn in.  they swoop down to attack, can be difficult to hit, spawn when you don't sleep, and will hunt you down when you futilely try to outrun them.  if you plan on moving a lot, get an alpaca, they can equip a chest and are more useful for transporting items than horses, and can wear different colored carpets for aesthetics.  be careful if you come across a mansion in the woods, as there will be loot abound, but also the dangerous vindicators and evokers.  though they may appear to be villagers, the despise all who the see, the vindicators attacking with axes and the evokers with spells and summoned minions.  this last one is an old one, but get a cat and a dog, because dogs fight and scare away skeletons, and cats chase away the creepers for some reason.  I hope this was helpful.
Aww im miss my 12 year old self
You’re our hero.
PEWDS does everything, not you
Just Stay strong . Your my childhood :)
Glad you're doing better! You can actually sprint while underwater and go super fast while also looking ridiculous with the swimming animation :)
🎶You can’t only build 
but you also mine
This is always fun times🎵
You make my day don't stop what you are doing
What? No! Team Crafted is still a thing! Sky and the gang are all still friends! Don't lie to me!

please, don't lie..
Yo could you put on a faithful texturepack.
Love ya sky, don’t give up, the harder life is the more powerful u come back, it’s pretty cheesy but still
Glad ur back I’ve been here sense gta and hope ur getting better thank u for coming back good luck
Reupload?
Didnt you already do episode 2?
So for anyone interested. Pot only makes things worse after multiple uses. In otherwords it is a temporary fix that will make things worse.
WE LOVE SKY!!!!
Also, when u fight mobs and animals, wait for the white bar to fill before hitting it again or it will do like a half a heart of damage
I feel like I'm 6
Love you, Adam!! I hope you take really good care of yourself! Stuff like this is really hard.. I know, I've gone through it, and I still am (except the whole weed bit). I'm not really good at talks like these..haha. I wanna see you get better for us, kay? <33
Hi
What happened to him and goob?
WE LOVE SKY
May I ask what ever happened to your wife
Its the people that you surround yourself. those that are positive and helpful will be much more well helpful than those who love doing stupid stuff and doing drugs etc. I myself haven't had depression, but I've been around a lot of people that do have it and i can say for a fact that if you are there for your friends, or have friends that are there for you, it will make everything so much better. not necessarily easier because nothing in life is easy. Depression isn't fun nor should it be. but it can be defeated. and one thing i always say is "it will get better. i don't know when but it will". just know that you have to not only believe in yourself, but know that at the end of the road, you will be in a much better place than you are now or ever was. and the reason being is not because you have money or girls or fame or any of that stuff, but because you have the experiance, memories, and knowledge of what happened, and how to deal with it. and from there you can go and help others. maybe not to the point of "curing" their depression, but getting them to a point where you can tell them to get help and they'll listen. Good luck Adam. And know that you can do this. no matter how hard or how terrible it is. you can do it. I'm 100% sure everyone here will agree with me.
Its been a long time since ive been watching your videos because it felt like you werent being yourself and seeing this video and you reaching out... i felt like a damn kid  seeing you do this video.. take care man
Love you and everything you do Adam! I will always have respect for you and will pray for you my dude! ❤️
Oh my god. The nostalgia of the mic quality, the partial seriousness. My childhood is coming back.
This is giving me my younger flash backs where YouTube was just simple Minecraft video
Yo Adam I’m glad to hear your getting help. My advice is just spend some time with those  people you consider your own. 







Also it won’t hurt to yell Butter lol
We believe in you Adam!!💙
Ganers rise up
I love the cut from him fighting a skeleton to him in the woods with nothing...
you gonna finish your purge serier?
YOU BACK YAY
I missed you sky...
WE LOVE SKY!
<3
2:16 ADD in full force
👍
Ty’s left foot?
I can feel 2010 again...
6 years and I’m still watching I’m 16 now but Adam was the first YouTuber I watched
Umm Hi Sky I Got A Question I Know This Been Serie been like 4 years ago But You Remember The Maze Serie? Can You Please,Please! Do Season 2 Because Its Really Intresting And It Would Be A Plasuse If You Could Continue The Serie, I Know You Might Not Continue it but I'm Just Saying Because I Really Love That Maze Serie I Would Be Really Happy If You Would Do it And I Know You Will Not But I Have Tried

 😊 Thank You For Reading This.
Reminds of me cool summer nights years ago when I’d stay up late watching Minecraft, how I miss those times, where did all that time go
Old intro



Adam I glad you are getting better
Really glad you actually did bring back the old intro, now it really is nostalgic lol
And Adam we all love u and hope you will stay safe and hope that you can go through depression safely and not hurting ur self . We love I adam😁😁😁😁😁
#leftearstuff
I doubt you'll read this but I get where ur coming from life can get rough im not gonna say weed is good or bad I smoke ik wat it does to u and how it affects the people around just know there will always be a way out of darkness. Also I'm happy ur back tbh I like this sky better because ik it's u being u no masks hiding anything I hope u get better and kick life's ass 👊🏽👊🏽
I can feel my inner child rising
GAMERS, RISE UP!
Omg omg omg my childhood is coming back again oh god hell yea
1000th comment
It makes me so happy to see you play again I used to love the mod reviews. From the bottom of my heart I hope you can get better
2019 comeback
3:36 Dang Adam that’s pretty deep.
Is this a re-upload I feel like this is the exact same as the last video
Llamas were added in 1.11
If you can, can you just do the intro no clip in the beginning cause I’m usually just really confused at beginning
I miss TrueMU aswell, whatever happened to him?
Makes me happy seeing him happy. He’s been through a lot and I don’t fully blame it (at least for the stuff we’ve seen) for what he’s done. I’ve supported him for a long time and god damn im not gonna stop anytime soon
u need to fill the attack bar then u attack so u deal more dmg, u can't just spam attacks
Hey Adam, i don't know when this was added but I'll leave it here anyways just in case. There are new mobs called husks. They are basically zombies but they dont burn in daylight and they spawn in dessert biomes
Bring back Island of Skies!
Did nostalgia just smack me in the face?
Also any of you guys OG Sky Army soldiers still around? Because I never left.
When he mentioned Ross and thunder muffin, it about broke my heart ;-;
alarm goes off 

R O S S T I M E !!

Sky: Gooby time!
One thing to remember with the new Minecraft, DON'T. GO. INTO THE WATER.


WATER ZOMBIES.
In short: if you WANT to make a series, do it. If you get tired of one, stop
[Oohing and Ahhing over the turtle]

Turtle: Yo where's the ocean fam?
Ok so...

I read the title aaaaand I wasn’t thinking of romance.

My mind instead came up with  cuthulu
*is this..  Real??  Oh my god... *
THE BUTTER GOD!  HE IS BACK!  PRAISE THEE!!!
Butter Army ~ A True Soldier Never Leaves The Battle Field 
The BUTTER ARMY SHALL RISE ONCE MORE!!!
Are You Staying Or Fleeing!!!??
My god. I’m a 17 year old kid and I just got teleported to a time when I was 6... the nostalgia is real.
Get Ross in this series PLEASE! 👏
Also,how old is Mason by now!? 😁
Someone needs to tell Adam how all new stuff in Minecraft works. Like how parrots make mob sounds!!!
Gooby: h0w tO gO DoWn lAdDeR??

If this becomes a series then theres a long road ahead of us boys.

Props to OG Sky Army
The parrot will imitate any hostile mobs within a certain radius around you, especially if there is a cave system beneath you
It’s a tradition to watch adam’s videos no matter what it is.
Things you may have missed:
1) Monsters at night that can fly
2) water zombies
3) Items for every type of wood
4) Turtles?
5) Dolphins
Anymore?
Awe, I love her and her voice is  so cute :)
I love Lovecraft!

How long until Cthulhu shows up?
When the alarm went off I thought it was Rosstime
Sky: I love you
Gooby: I love you too
Sky: Sorry I was talking to the turtle
If you want to do this series, then we want you to do this series. We will support you no matter what💕
Sky, I have been watching you ever since I was a kid. I'm glad your going back to what you like. I subbed back 👍
I missed the skydoesminecraft! 😭😂❤
I'm in absolute tears, i haVEN'T FELT THIS JOY IN FOREVER! I'M SO PROUD OF THIS NOSTALGIC TURN!
I’m so glad he’s found gooby no offence but he’s other gf was a cu-
"I love you" "I love you too" IM GONNA CRY! IM SO HAPPY FOR ADAM!!!!!
Long time skyarmy member here:
I LOVE THIS VIDEO
Gooby alarm went off- 

Sky: is it gooby time?! 

Me: o my God who misses Ross time
Adam: THERE ARE POLAR BEARS NOW?!

Me: Holy Sh——Adam how long have you not been in Minecraft?

Adam:  What is that? 

Me: Wha——ADAM.
To place guess what you need to do 
I wish I had someone who would get me butter..



Forever alone😭
How to tell if Sky's gf/wife is his: Same designed skin, different details
Minecraft Guide:
1. Don't dig down
2. Make sure u get mostly wood and cobble so u can make stone tools and a temporary shelter
3. Keep moving until u find the best spot to build (I recommend a place close to a village)
4. Once you've settled down, keep some high walls to protect the villagers, beware the pillagers and their crossbows, be prepared for the pillager beast
5. PROTECT YOUR LOVED ONES AT ALL COSTS
Who's cutting onions?

I can't believe i can see old sky again this is a miracle.
Are we sure this isn't past Sky and Goob from the past before they knew how to play minecraft because they can't even operate the ladders.
I like how Gooby has a better mic than him XD
Plz continue this, its amazing! I have SO much nostalgia! Also u and Gooby r adorable together <3
I hope to god that gooby doesn’t betray Adam like what Alesa and Dawn did...
The noises are from the parrots.. they mimic the sound of zombies,baby zombies and creepers. 
Glad you're back sky and happy to see you're doing alright
Lovecraft aye? Gonna go fight cthullhu or smthin
Recommendation: it should be a server open to couples
The intro makes me cryyyyy

Nostalgia coming at me like a train XD
Sky, you can tame the parrot by right-clicking it with seeds. DO NOT GIVE THE PARROTS COOKIES, just BTW.
I almost cried seeing that old intro. 😭 my little 13 year old self is peeing with excitement.. 😂
3:33
Sky:you know what we need?! We need a roommate just like back in the day!!
My mom:why are you crying so god damn loud?
Just letting you know that you can tame parrots with seed lol
You were probably hear a drowned (if that's the name)
It's basically a zombie that drowned and transformed into what I just said.
There are other new baddies as well but forgot their names lol
Bird joke: oh really im so raven

Ad: squawk away
Adam you can tame the parrot using seeds and they will sit for you also u should put a room in the same floor on goobys thats just water for the turtle
Sky mentions Ross

I haven't heard that name from you in so long
You two should seriously get a turtle. They're friggin adorable.
I've just started watching you now because a friend said you're cool! I like your content so far very much! :D
Yes I want this series, But if possible with Ross, Being the love Interest 😂
Aw! You should definitely continue it!!
It sounds so fun and interesting!
The parrot can imitate monster sounds
i have been watching you adam since, i was like 7 or 8 im 15 now but dude nostalgia is great, i just wanted to say no matter what you do the sky army will back you
"gooby time" gave me Ross time Flashbacks <3
6:25 that sound is the parrot, it will mimic sounds of near bye hostile creatures (zombie)
It's back it's finally back. after all these years he's finally doing another Minecraft let's play.
He has so much to catch up on.
This intro makes me feel so old. I can still remember the one before it as well.
I'd enjoy watching this
MORE LOVECRAFT PLEASE!!!! It’s a dream come true! 😭💛
I look at this and I wish I was part of your family.
Might just be my Batson side talking.
Whispers the word Shazam
OMG... I HAVEN’T SEEN YOUR VIDS IN YEARS AND YOU SOUND SO DIFFERENT

Life if you want to




Wait do you still say Gold is Butter
You have no idea how emotional i got when you brought up Thunder Muffin and butter i literally grew up listening to that UGH-
Awh, I love seeing him grow😭 they’re so precious together
i know you will get better soon you are great and amazing
So wholesome that it hurts my heart god it’s good to have you back are butter leader your army is reforming
(Also would like to see more of this series)
This is amazing!
Also parrots mimic noises of nearby/mobs they have been around.
For example,it made a zombie noise and a creeper noise!
I cried when Adam Mentioned THUNDERMUFFIN R.I.P
This brought me back to a lot...it makes me so happy and ahhhh I don't know it brings back so much happiness 
His voice is also so calm it's nice and Gooby is amazing :')
Yes you should make the series
The parrot makes monster noises
Goobys reaction to the turtles was the EXACT same as mine 
xD
Btw the sound is baby zombie in the mountain
And I would like u go to the ocean and find dolphins
Its actually not Gooby Time but its....








ROSS TIME!!!
Bet loved the video just like the title says. 

Also the sound was the growls of baby zombies.
I MISSED THIS INTRO SO MUCH
I love you so much and you posting videos again makes my life complete you were literally my whole childhood❤️
Me: *  reads comments  *

Me: ( starwars meme ) do it.
0:17 that is what i build while teaching my friend how to play Minecraft
the same style 
same second floor
I never watched to original love-craft so I can't really make any sort of comparisons but I think it's a great idea!
He actually retrieved his mic quality back.
It's the parrot they mimick mob sounds
The nostogia!!!

Minecraft Prision Break?

Edit: Also yes, do this series
ADAM YES YOU SHOULD DO THIS! this would be awesome! and you could invite other members of the crew to play with you and stuff.




also, skybase, like, 3.0? 4.0?  either way you should make a new, improved one.
You don't sound like ur old self
(Can't blame u)
4:20 (heh)
When he was like 
"Yahhhh that's so cute I love it"
It almost made me cry I uwu so hard :')
Dude, any series you make is a godsend at this point
Yes please make lovecraft a thing.  I love these types of videos it reminds me of when I first started watching you.
3:06 oh boy...
Hearing Adams voice actually teared me up :’)
Keep doing it I love ur videos regardless what game u play
Sky I gotta say I have been following you on YouTube for a long long time and I gotta say that this was good, it's good to see ya happy, keep it up man!
Can you collab with aphmau for Old times sake? I really miss your bro some jokes. Please notice. And that's for following your heart, you do you!
Lovecraft? HMMMMMMMMM
I’m sister shaking right now

(Also idk if you know this but they added literal hell beasts into Minecraft, they’re called ‘Phantoms’ and they come out at night)
SKY/ADAM THERE WILL BE FOXES SOON... THAT CAN BE YOUR ROOMMATE...... Name them swiper... You'll find out why 😹😹😹
Your back I legit missed you
The parrot mimics different sounds in Minecraft.
Also if your play 1.13. Make sure you sleep...
Keep up the good work sky you doing good bro!!!👍💯💯
This doesn't have anything to do with H.P. Lovecraft, rite?
Minecraft tip!
Parrots makes noises when mobs are nearby!
Yes you guys should definitely do this yeah
Welcome back Adam! I hope you are getting better. Love you man.
Sky post a video 


Fans 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Yesssese we need this again... We have wanted too long 🕙 and finally he is back thank the minecraft gods
Yyyyeeeeesssshhhh
it's a baby zombie adam




also you can tame the birb with seeds and itll perch on your shoulder
Heads up, Phantoms spawn when you don't sleep for 3-4 days, they can fly, if you fight them you will not survive, good luck
Holy fuggle it been a long time since I saw that intro
the zombie noises are parrots mimicking mobs nearby!! you can also tame the parrots with seeds :-D
SKY, HOW DARE YOU PUT MAYBE IN THE TITLE?!? OF COURSE WE WANT (H.P) LOVECRAFT
OMG I have been waiting for you to come back and play Minecraft forever😂
Its been forever sense I've seen you play and i missed your voice
The Sad about this almost half Of MC players move to Fortnite
Do games on the server Hypixel, see how long you can survive.
Yes god I knew there was hope YouTube’s new hope has returned!
Sky at the beginning: "If you want to leave a like..."
Me: "Oh, I did already."
PLEASE Make this a series! 😫🤞🏼
We lost team crafted sky
We lost ross sky
Pls dont loose gooby sky
;-; we cant bare the loses
Gooby is an ASMR master 🤣
They sound so boring and or tired but i am so glad he the legend, the pro, the butter king the non funny one 






sky
Who remembers from the original love craft 

“I got A.D.D AND There’s nothing I can do about it”
Sky seems so happy thank you yes keep going As long as you stay happy doing it
parrots imitate sounds they hear or are in the near vicinity! your blue birdy is copying the sounds it hears! also hell yeah i'd love watchin this
OMG THIS IS GONNA MAKE ME CRY THANK YOU SKY I HOPE GOES GREAT FOR YOU
Wait, is this H.P. Lovecraft or couplesy stuff.
i need this, I’ve never clicked faster
WE MISSED U ADAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
NOOOOO
DONT PUT A GLASS PANE NECT TO THE DOOR THERES A HOLEEEE
Please continue, we love you Adam and support you. Bring back my childhood ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Yeah I would love to see this series also I am really excited to see this back ^^ love the stuff Adam keep it up :3
The intro omg!!! bro this hits me in the feels!! brings back memories of binge watching your mod review videos and you hating squids and loving butter and omg my childhoood is back <3
OMFGGGGGGGJSBXBXVSBBSBDBCB I LOVE YOU MAN LIKE I WATCHED YOU WHEN I WAS 8 YEARS AN NOW I AM 15 OMFFGG YOURE BACK MAN
I just found out your back and I'm crying tears of joy oh my GOD I need to go to bed but tomorrow I am watching as Manny videos as I can.
ITS THE PARROT THEY MYMIC NOISES SKY IM LAUGHING I LOVE YOU
you have to bring back thundermuffin

NOW
I love it when you upload. I read the description and seen you were going to answer questions so I just have one. How are you doing?
Plz bring back the series. I'm dying to see it come back
I like this series it would be pretty epic,but sadly it reminds me of something (R.I.P AVAITOR)
Goobie time...*whisper under breath*...Ross time
OG fans can only like this comment
The noise is the parrot, when a monster is nearby it mimics it’s sound, in this case a zombie. You can also tame the parrots by giving them any type of seed. There are 5 different types of parrots, one green, two blue (different shades of blue), one red and one grey. You can also have baby turtles, and the turtles lay eggs (they are place able items) also a fun thing, if you play a disc on a jukebox near a parrot.. it dances! And the parrots once tamed follow you and will tend to sit on your shoulders (two can be on you at a time) to get them off, jump or if in creative fly. Hope you read this and are further educated on the new logistics of Minecraft. Oh btw the new 1.14 update is gonna come out soon, it’s has pandas, foxes, an actual cat spawner with different cat options, and new blocks along with a complete retexture of blocks and entities. Love you Adam, glad you could come back to play for us teenage baby child’s and make us feel young again! ❤️
YES, HE BROUGHT THE INTO BACK

And sure sky, it seems fun
Go for it!
And just like that, skys' music career neva happend??
wow.... that's TruMU quality on le mic
Praise the butter god as he has returned! Also can you add ross to this series?
Yessssssssssssssssssss
😁😜😁❤💕😆
Adam, you can literally film yourself playing Candy Crush for 13 hours and I think 95% of us would still watch it in full - JUST MAKE SURE YOU LOVE IT AND WANT TO CONTINUE TO DO IT ❤❤❤
the birds make random mob noises Adam
IM SMILING BADLY LIKE IM HAPPY BUT MY SMILE SUKS BUT STILL IM EXCITED FOR THIS
OG Sky army. Rise up!👊
Cant forget Sky since 2011!!!!
YYYEEESSSSS!!! do the series please!!!
Also it's the parrot the one that's making all the sound's, it mocks other creatures!
They are so adorable
8:21 im crying because of nostalgia...
anyone else been here since 200k subs?
This would be epic ps gobbies skin is Kwaii XD turtle 🐢
More, but only tp cheating
That old intro gave me so many memories, keep doing Minecraft man
i grew up watching you, seeing you record this again brings so much memories!!
Notifications squad ? Eyyy new series ! Pls !
THUNDER MUFFIN!!!!! i miss thunder muffin.


also i don't know if anyone else said it but those noises are the parrot
First make sure to get a sustainable source of food

Also dont forget to name turt or else itll probs despawn
who’s been here since 2013-2014 ❤️💪🏻
I'm literally crying right now, sky. you have no idea how much you're loved and adored by the community. I've been waiting and waiting for this day XD
Pls keep going I’m gonna watch everything
Red Dead Redemption Minecraft Roleplay Series please?
Hey Sky, if you tame the part (with seed) it'll sit on your shoulder. You can be a pirate Sky!
Adam. I loved your bird jokes, its ok.
AHHH this is killing me, the parrot is making the sounds 😂😂
YES THE OG SKYDOESMINECRAFT IS BACK!!!!!
Yes, this is great I loved that show.
THE OLD SKY INTRO MADE ME SO HAPPY OH MY GOD
Omg Thundermuffin? WHAT ABOUT THUNDERCLUCK!? Also, love you and Gooby! <3
I didn't even watch lovecraft and I am feeling nostalgic.

Yes please.
This nostalgia....it fills my heart
please bring both of Ty's for this. (DeadLox) (MunchingBrotato)
Wait so does this mean ur gonna bring back skyvsgaming and skydoesthings??????
Sky that evil noise was the parrot 🦜
Yessss youre back, Im hyped for this series
YASSSS QUEEN PLAY AGAIN AND SLAY GURL WHOOOOOO
This is great, this is hilarious, keep it up!
I like seeing Adam being this happy again and you should collab with Ross again it would be fun
Yes more of this the butter generals of Sparta commands
You can do any series, and i'll watch it
You can go through any problem, and i will go through it with you
We love you Adam, You paved the road to so many of our lives for us
thank you.

Also, if you see this, why do you not talk with Ross, barney, max, etc.?
Please answer if you see this.
holy crap what happened  is this the past 
I don't know anything
It’s the parrot making the zombie noises XD
Goobie time that hurts bro.... I miss the old days. But still glad to see your okay and doing better!
April Fools its actually about eldrich lovecraftian monsters
lol you can tell he's an old minecraft player when he uses glowstone as a light source
Keep playing lovecraft
It depends on the species of tortoise because some can live to be 150
PHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA YOU DONT EVEN KNOW ABIUT PHANTOMS GOOD LUCK PROTECTING ANYONE 😂
Yes make it this is great
I haven't been this happy since when I last saw you 😪 glad you're back
Do YOU want this to be a series. If so go for it my man i love your vids no matter what.
Omg I love this... Also Adam look up Minecraft updates there has been so many. Maybe on google or something... 




Andddd Adam hasn’t changed....
Parrot make higher pitch sound of hostile mob near by
Hey dude if y'all enjoy it I think we will be satisfied so please have fun.
Start playing normal games without recording so you can get some practice in the new updates.
You can tame parrots with seeds
Keep it going!!!! There are so many of us (myself included) that are flooding back to Minecraft for one reason or another!
Ross time reference
Also purple is my favorite color
obscure (but not really) joke about author hahahahahahah and I quirky guys???!? 😉😉🤪🤪
Sky I saw that stream that is now deleted but just so you know I watched your videos sense I can remember litteraly when I was a baby just keep it up 😊
When u never new parrots copy sounds of other mods 😂😂
DOOOOOOOO EEEEEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIT
yo...sky.....u gotta play cops n robbers again.....that was my childhood
The parrot can mimic the sounds of other mobs (btw tame the parrot so it can go on your shoulder)
1:47 you’re living with one already…





Pls don’t hate me Sky it’s just for the lols!
I am so looking forward to seeing sky's reaction to the new mobs 😈 especially the phantoms
I cant believe he still using NOSTALGIC intro... Love it
I thought I was watching an older video because the intro was there,,,,,,,, I've truly returned to a part of my childhood


EDIT: scaffolding is a good item to use in place of ladders, and they make great elevators!!
Make this a series. RIGHT NOW. Gooby sounds like she is in an asmr video.
Sky...I am glad you are back I missed you brother...but it hurts to see how bad at minecraft you have gotten
.0. I didnt know you went back to doing minecraft :D YAYYYY
" i love u"
"i love u too"
"sorry i was talking to the turtle"
cue me dying of laughter XD
That building reminds me of the old Minepranks idk why
U should continue it that way u will get caught up on updates also new update coming out called village and pillage which is basically different types of villages  and new and different types of structures

U were hearing a baby zombie

Can we also get an animation of her climbing up and down the ladder
Can we get sky on call me carsons server would generally be amazing 😂ant venoms already there
Dude yes, I'd love for this to be brought back
Ay the intro is back!!!
Yes adam, ive been waiting for the revival, bring me back to the good old days, i loved watching u, bring it back
I loved watching you old videos and lm happy you bring it back
ABSOLUTELY CONTINUE THE SERIES!!!!!
Yes! Please bring back this series! It'll be fun to watch you guys just joking around and playing Minecraft for fun together.
Do it! your video are awesome funny and cool 😎 you should do more video's with Ross and max and everyone else. Will you please do hide and seek again
#OGskyarmy also gooby sounds like an Anime girl to me....Ross time
When I saw the intro I actually cried a bit
You are bringing back an old series but with a new person. Idk how I feel. But it doesn't matter because I'm happy to have sky
Shields 🛡 Elytra 🦅 End City 👾 Woodland Mansion 🏠 Ross 🐿 Heart of the Sea 🌊 Phantoms 👻 Turtle shell helmet 🐢
Yes do it I love your videos Sky
This episode was pretty 
Yo crafters fix up sky so he be doin the best series out their!
I have to say that Gooby is clueless but like in the most entertaining and charming way ever lol
SKY do u think u can bring back Maze runner PLEASE!!!!!
Bring more people in this season i still would watch ur series
Yes! I need more skydoesminecraft in my life!
the noise was from the loli zombies in the wall
B U D D E R   A R M Y !
DOO IT JUST DO IT well only if you want
There are birds that shoot arrows at you as you play.
good to have u back man
Hey sky the parrot copys crearures sounds  so all those sounds you heard were from the parrot
YES MAKE IT
watchout at night there are phantoms that come when your outside ur house
I got a notification right at the bell
Yes make it a series and omg the nostalgia
Parrots imitate nearby hostile mobs
Oh my lord yes bring back minecraft series
Yes please more videos like this. I needed this!
so let me think about this............ 
I missed you sky ❤
Her mic is like, ASMR prepared
Go for it man
👌👌👌👌👌
Man...the memories
Once a soldier in the skyarmy always a soldier no desertion no fear no giving up !!
Flashback to 3rd grade
"Go back to blocks you'll make more money..." guess he took JJ's advice 😂😂
yes KEEP IT GOINGGGG
It's 1 in the morning and I'm crying inside because it's been so dang long
Aye, tis' a good thing
yes make it a series =D
Yes yes he is back boiiiiiis
ITS DA BIRDS! They imitate harmful mobs and sound like a baby version of them. You use any type of seeds to tame them.
I say you do it Adam and dear lord the nostalgia is real
the parrot makes different sounds of different mobs
I would watch the series if you made it but if you get bored it’s fine
“Hey guys sky here!” You have no idea how much I missed hearing that
you should play with aphmau again
Plss make this a series😭😭
Lovecraft? Uh, HELL YEAH!
Yall know gooby hasn't posted a video in 5 months
The sounds you're hearing is the parrot XD
I find it amusing and exciting that I just enjoyed watching a Minecraft video in 2019.
bro, try the new snapshot of minecraft
The noise was from a baby zombie
And the turtle is apparently endangered by the monsters including their eggs
nostalgia At its finest
I'm late for this but I really want the roleplays back
Sky; OH MY GOSH! GOOBY!

Me; OH MY GOSH! SKY!
Fun fact to help you out sky! 

You use the wasd keys to move your MineCraft Character!

Just wanted to help you out!
I could be the patriot they mimic mobs
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!
Are we gonna talk about the fact that people disliked the video
3 years later: Sky lost another gf. (Hope she stays with him more than Arlesa)
The only way to get better at Minecraft is to play Minecraft so yes do more
Love craft is a go, I repeat, love craft IS A GO!
Yasss pls make this a series!!
the parrots making the noises of nearby mobs
Hey Adam remember that time all your friends threw sticks of butter at you in a mansion... yeah good times
You can tame parrots with seeds. 
But I am excited for this let's play!!!
I frrrrrrrrrrrricken live for this (●__●)
the noise was baby zombies man... damn you haven’t actually played mc in a long time 🤧
Yo if he doesn’t do talking squids again I’ll be depressed
OH MY GOD I REMEMBER THIS. YEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSS
Sleep every 3 days or a mob called phantom will spawn.
Yes! Yes!! Yes!!!
The parrot makes mob sounds to prank you 😂
Anyone else remember downloading the lite version of mine craft?
Let's do it Sky! You, Gooby, and all of us here like the good old days!
You should probably  connect the floors with the walls
This.... MUST.... be a series....
You and Gooby are so cute together! PLEASE never break up
I love gooby but omg her not understanding Herobrine. Big oof
Saxy voice it give me some demonization......
yes please make it a series
The zombie sound you keep hearing is your parrot mocking a the sounds around them.......(Specifically mobs)
Do Another pixelmon with Tyler, ty and Maybe gooby
They are so cute together! I really hope this series continues :)
You should have an entire series about playing with the new features.
The new/old logo nostalgia
Wasn't able to watch you back when you and team crafted were "trending" but I will be sure to be here this time 💛
All you fake lovecraft fans talking about Cthulhu like Azathoth and Nyralethotep and, Yog-Sothoth don't even exist. 
Lets not forget the true Horror of Lovecraft...his cat's name.
Omg nastolgic, that Intro ohhh my
the zombie was the parrot making the sound of one because there was probably one somewhere underground
Parots make mob sounds also you can tame it with a seed
Please reupload skyvsgaming old videos please 🙏🤞#rossome.
Sky is back
Sky is back 
Sky is back
2019 saved
Yes please bring this back!
Sky in the mic when goobys alarm goes off
ITS GOOBY TIME
No one really says this but thanks for being apart of my childhood.
The sounds you were hearing is the parrot. Parrots mimic the sounds of mobs. Love ya
OOOOOOOOOHHHHHH MMMMMYYYYUY GGGOOOOOOOOODDDDD ~ Joseph Joestar
You were my childhood anuthing you make i'll watch ^^
Dude it's the parrot. The parrot mimics noises of mobs
I already love this series
IM NOT USED TO SEEING THAT INTRO ANYMORE IM GONNA CRY THATS MY WHOLE YOUNG CHILDHOOD RIGHT THERE
Aphmau do games with APHMAU AGAIN !!!
I think you should make the series
You can tame parrots with seeds :)
yeah we want you to do this series! this series is gonna be hilarious, especially because both of you don't know about the updates. epic video 😎
is tearing up yes.. Edit: zombies :3
Dude love you sky reason I got into Minecraft lol but all the sexual puns lol
The weird evil sounds are the parrot. They imitate monsters in a higher pitched cartoonier thing
It's a baby zombie that was making the noise great videos keep up the great work on all of your videos.
Sky and Gooby, the most adorable couple

And the only one where I can tolerate the kissy-faced stuff
Can you continue maze runner??
Hai adam ive been a subscriber since your first Mc vid!!! Your my all time favorite
I have Been watching since team crafted and dude I love you and your vids so much I can’t even begin to explain how Much joy you videos gave me but more importantly the vibe of you playing with someone close to you or a friend. Also #wholikeminecraft #bodil40 #jumpmap #day1recruit. Please play with Jerome/jayreeeem again
Pls make dis series OwO. btw the sound is coming from the parrot, they mimic mob sounds.
hey not to be dramatic but there are tears of joy in my eyes i'm so happy to see you having fun
yesssss do it for the nostalgia factor
Do whatever you feel like man, as long as you’re happy do it
This is amazing
Adam... 
Your parrot mimics mob sounds.
Yes a million times yes
Hey, if you want me to I can teach you to build?
Parrots replicate hostile mob noises, and those little zombie noises and creeper hissing you were hearing was coming from your birb friend


Also hsgad  NEW SERIES!! can't wait to see the rest of this series 👀👀
parits can make zombie sonds etc..
When I here Lovecraft I think of Cthulhu, it'd be cool if there's just randomly giant god monsters in the series
Adam’s intro is basically nostalgia for me
Yes . Bring back LoveCraft
C U T E N E S S  I N T E N S I F I E S
THE INTRO
I like turtles i like trains Ross and thundermuffin 4 ever
I saw a sky did Minecraft meme and I almost cried
Is it just me or is Gooby's voice cute! ♡♡♡
Disappointed that this wasn't about cosmic horror or eldritch monstrosities.
More disappointed no one else seemed to make this joke.
Kinda thought it was a mod review but happiness comes in many different forms
Hes gonna be part of the Minecraft comeback this year
I have a tortoise its so much better  than anything... STAY AWAY FROM WATER TURTLES they are the living devil
Love the improved voice audio
Oh yeah parrots will mimic nearby mobs so it’s making subpar creeper turtle and zombie noises the whole video
Oh yeah tame the parrots
Adam turtle never forget the Adam turtle meme
I suffered through a whole Amy Schumer AD just to support Adam
Old introoooooooo
DO IT! WE LOVE YOU AND GOOBY
Me: open YouTube app


Adam upload now video


Me:  WHATTTT?!
Nice to see these types of videos again. But take your time until you actually feel better to do things like these Adam. We will support you all the way!
A Tortoise has lived for up to 850yrs old before Sky
That intro brings back so many memories
i'm for MinePranks XD
Yo that intro hit me
Also fun fact I have a pet turtle at my household who is very scared of everyone
Why is goobies mic better then yours Adam 😂
Awwwww, you two are so cute together!
DO IT!!
When Sky says Herobrine and you're not sure if you should cry over the good old days or think about how long ago Sky left MC...
Gooby sounds like Harley Quinn when she says thurtles
Any video from you is absolutely amazing <3
DOOOOOO IIIIIITTTTT SKY YOURE THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the intro is so nostalgic omG
YES PLEASE BRING IT BACK
yes yes a thousand times yes
Yes. Continue
weeps bc my childhood is restored
Yes Bring it back
Nostalgia hit me like puberty did
Bring it back start a season plz Adam
Oh my goodness the references to roommates, Ross time, and Thunder muffin was so cool to hear again, love you Sky :D
hell yea lets go Adam!
Yes please do make this series, please, cause I wanna see a play through again.
I’m glad to see you upload Adam... You helped me through a hard time in life when I was younger.
Adam do a video exploring everything new to minecraft that you haven't seen
See's title "LoveCraft" plays Careless Whisper by George Michael
That was so nice and lighthearted to watch :3
8:30 : E
I remember coming home from my school excited to watch the next sky video then when he said “I quit” I didn’t use my phone for like a month lol
How gooby said turtle reminded me about my ex-girlfriend she said it the same way 😫😭😭😭😭😖😖😖
THE OLD INTROOO !!!!! THE NOSTALGIA IS REAL
If this dosent become a series I will personally show up to your house with 10 squids
yeaaa love this series
We are all glad to have you back
Parrots will also imitate mob noises
Plz make new Chanel for Minecraft
MY CHILD HOOD :'D
I started laughing so hard when you said “OMG GOOBY!!”
Do it one question do u remember team crafted?
You should play crazy craft with everyone
You should get some more people together to play mianite
YES PLEASE DO IT
THUNDER MUFFIN WHY DID YOU BRING HIM UP T^T
U feed the turtles kelp and tame the parrots  with seeds
SKY IS BACK YESSSS!!!!!
Make the lovecraft series!!!!
Had a little tear in my Eye seeing that old intro😁 You decide Adam, but would love to see this series:)
i need this!!!!
Bruh, I can’t even express how much this makes me happy to see the OG SkyDoesMinecraft come back. This is great
Gooby sounds like she’s making everything dirty
Is the turtle "Skyturtle?"
As a fan of the Lovecraftian Mythos this was quote a troll video name
My god, I’m gonna sound like a nerd, eh- I don’t care.

In the 1.10 update, the Husk was added. The attributes are very close to the zombie except they give you a hunger debuff. So basically, they are a more annoying zombie. Fact of the day my dude.
We are in another dimension. We broke it guys... we broke it
Do it and keep swearing
nostalgic vapor wave music play
3:10 was uncomfortable for me, im sacred
Make this a forever series
Yea i love this !!
The parrots make mob sounds
Any series is good with me
Sometimes parrots make zombie noises 😂
he mentioned thundermuffin and i teared up a little🤩😔
Bro pls do it!! Go go go!! Im a really old fan i love you and support u forever pls do it
😂😂😂 it’s the parrot sky!!! 😂😂 omg I love you!! You poor confused child
It's gonna be a pain to make all the stone from putting cobblestone in a furnance to repair that base when a you accidentaly break something/a creeper explodes it.
U should make a podcast
not sure if someone already said this, but the sounds you heard came from your parrot, which was mimicking mob sounds
Jump maaaaaaaaaps?
True OG's will remember what the "rs" means
Yeah, you build that door
screams happiness noise
Yes bro do it
Rip thundermuffin tho
Sky is coming back to us one step at a time I'm so excited as usual we're all here for you sky
Oh and he doesn't realize that for Minecraft he was gone long but in real time he wasn't really gone that long and that makes me happy
I love this💕
DO IT :DDDDDDDDD
awwwww.....
Yes! You should do it :3


There are panda's now :3
THE INTRO
Wow his voice sounds so different
Hp love craft?
Praise the butter god sky, he is back
Yes sky yes you should do this your back in your glory I wish I had what you have
Well rip always when i heard the skyarmy intro i screamed it when i was still a kid but rn i was in the subway and had headphones and opened this video and i screamed the intro at the top of my lungs everybody was looking at me jesuusss
use should use mods
Ya yes please please pleaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaase
👍😀👍
It feels as if we're at the start again, 14k likes, barley any dislikes and the funky ass audio. It makes me feel so werid and happy, all we need now is for tyler to take some anti-vomit pills and play the game for one episode.
My childhood yessss
Sprint while in water to swim
Check the ocean out, cuz of the update. Its beautiful
Adam if you see something that doesn't look friendly it probably isn't from me if I were you I'd watch out for vindicator's Andy volkers that kind of stuff guys look kind of like villagers but aren't villages
Yes! Do it! For the butter!
parot imitates nearby enemies
If you feed the parrot seeds you can put it on your shoulder
Team Crafted?
When the alarm went off. I almost said it was Ross time
IF YOU WANT THIS TO BE A SERIES
 I
 I
 I
V
Parrots can be tamed with seeds which is gotten by breaking the grass
He back he goo
Awww when he mentioned thundermuffin my heart hurt...
Also, that noise is the parrot, they grown like zombies if they're near by, and hiss for creepers
the 42 people who disliked are gay
MAKE IT NOW REEEE
She best not hurt you😭
demonic screaming
Im just gonna put this here in hopes it helps a little bit with learning the new mechanics of the game as well as the dangers.
Ill explain the Mobs for now and explain the different Mechanics on a Later Episode.



New mobs introduced to Minecraft


Hostile Mobs:





This is what happens when you leave a Zombie underwater for too long.


Unless a Zombie is chasing you, it can't swim in the water. It will sink down and drown before turning into a "Drowned".
While they can spawn natrually in river and ocean biomes, the Drowned are a dangerous underwater entity.
The Drowned can hold a special item called a "Trident" which is a new weapon/tool within the weapons and Tools section of the Creative Interface. It is both a Ranged, And Melee item, which means you can charge it up to throw it, much better use underwater if combined with some new enchantments, ill talk about those later.
Another Item they can Hold are "Nautilus Shells" Ill explain later.
The Drowned are considered "Undead" so they will burn in daylight unless they are in the water, or its raining.

So these are the Items a Drowned can hold (With a chance to drop upon death):
Nautilus Shell
Trident
Fishing Rod


Drowned Can (With a chance to) Drop upon Death:
Rotten Flesh
Gold

Recommended Skills to fight them
Melee, swimming


Those are it for the Drowned




The Nightmares of the Sky


Thats exactly what they are "NIGHTMARES" that are attracted to Insomniacs. Better sleep on the regular if you dont want these dangerous creatures to spawn every night.
If a player is caught not sleeping for more then 3 days, that night, they will be greated by a group of these terrifying creatures, swooping down and biting at you till you perish.
I would be careful if you want to fly around these mobs for they can cast an effect on you that would highly prohibit flight from the Elytra.
You can tell they re there because they will let off this shrill like scream as they dive down towards you, which means you need to be on guard.
While they are terrorizers of the night, they will burn in the day unless covered. This can lead to situations where you have to hide away, or stay inside and sleep (if you can).


Way to Solve this issue?
Sleep on the regular.


Phantoms can drop upon death:
Phantom Membranes (Which are the only items in the game that can Repair an Elytra)


Ways to combat these mobs:
Melee, Ranged, Timing, Cats (They dont like cats and will run away when within 15 blocks of one)


Thats it for the Phantoms


Neutral Mobs (Dont hit these)


Dolphins!

They may be cute, but they sure are Dangerous if you hit one.


Ah Dolphins, One of the Cutest Minecraft Mobs ive seen as of late.

They are an underwater creature that can actually drown and die on land, strange right? Dolphins will cup up to the surface for air and submerge back underwater to play. Dolphins are playful and Joyful, they love to play with the player.
While swimming, if your swimming fast, a Dolphin will come flying up to you out of nowhere if one is to be close by and provide you with a helpful buff called "Dolphins Grace" which vastly increases your swimming speed, faster then the Dolphin itself, however this buff only lasts 5 seconds.
They will bat around items like toys, which means that if you drop something, it may be some time before you find it again.
They will swim with you if your riding in a boat (Which to me is the cutest thing ever), jumping out of the water.
Dolphins also will jump between water pools as they see fit, which means if you have 2 pools close to each other, the Dolphin can and will jump between them as they see fit.


However, if you hit one, ho boy, your in for trouble
Dolphins will attack as a pod, and deal quite some damage, the higher the difficulty, the higher the damage.


Dolphins can Drop:
Raw Cod (Which is basically Raw Fish)


Skills to Combat them
Melee, Swimming.


Thats it



Passive Mobs

Cod, Salmon, Tropical Fish, and Puffer Fish

These now have their own Mobs! They can spawn in groups of their own class and travel together.

Puffer fish however are a different story.
Upon getting close to one, it will puff up from its usual unpuffed size, and will poison the player if they are to touch them.

Upon death, the fish will drop their respective drops
Such as Cod, dropping cod, Salmon dropping Salmon, so on an so forth.
They can also drop BONES. Cheep bones? Worth the risk? Idk :T
Still. The fish are, i guess, Semi-new counting for the fact they are in the game but, dont have their own mob, but now they do!


I hope this info on Mobs is enough to help you get a grasp on how to combat them, should the time come up for them. If not, i hope it has at least helped somebody who hasn't seen these changes either.

See Ya Next Time!
Yes yes yes yes yes. Please keep doing this
more of this man
Glad your back
Got a feeling this relationship is gonna go up in flames.
memories... im breaking down every time i watch a new minecraft video here and remember when it was like 2011-2015 or 16 :(
It's the parrot dur 🙄
The old sky is back YAY
ADAM DO COPS AND ROBBERS WHO ELSE??
. . . 
Cries tears of joy
Feed a bird a cookie
Yes I want you too
Yes please do this series
Please please continue this series
Please do the season.
Used to watch you when u started yt.
I missed this, I have watched your videos since the mod reviews and the pranks, this just brings back memories
This.... Is perfect... ;-;
That opening makes me emotional, memories :)
JUST DO IT yes please do the Series
you better build a pool for the turtle.
This was cure
Thanks for the video Adam!
You do what you want, but I will say you should do the series.. But your choice :)
....hmmm...whatever makes you happy 😄
you should also talk to jess as well aka Aphmau
Awe I love this
When he laughs the nostalgic feeling is real
Your back!
Wait does he mean lovecraft as in the horror mans or just a name for romance in mc
Yes. Not Maybe
You should stream this
Sky is the best minecrafter
I’m happy again
The nostalgia is insane
Please continue this series
I MISSSSEDDD YOUUUU SKYYYYYYY 
I CLICKED IT AS SOON AS I SAW THE TITLE. 😭😭😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I had to double check the date if I was seeing things correctly 😭
This how u play minecraft u just play it
MAKE 
IT 
A
SERIES
So happy to see sky playing Minecraft again
Yes this should be a seris
Everyone is playing minecraft again me, my friends, u it's coincidences
I don't mind whatever content you make, just as long as you keep making it. :>






I just want to say this out loud, but the first Youtuber I ever found out about was SkyDoesMinecraft. I've been here since the Island of The Skies series. I've grown up with Sky/Adam's videos over the years and I don't think I'd be the same without them. Thanks for existing Adam.
The sound is da parrot.
Yes please, could you do pixelmon again? Maybe with some of your friends and maybe make a series out of it.
Also make it part roleplay please I love story
Why are you subscribed to T-series, you traitor
Gooby seems amazing and I hope to see more videos of this series
Please continue this series
Sky any content from you is fine do whatever you want. me and the rest of the sky army will support any thing you choose to do.
YES MAKE SERIES
series yes
Yes do the series pls
Remember when sky had a castle made and full of diamond and butter?
I'm actually crying I missed u so so much
U posted on my birthday
CONTINUE THE SERIES PLEASE
The parot is making the sound
I still remember when you did the herobrines mansion video with MinecraftUniverse
If they’re an actual couple legit, I LOVE THIS
I love parrots but having one as a pet (you should take it with seeds btw) is just terrifying because they make monster noises.
Yes make this!
I didn't know minecraft was still a thing on u tube
hi sky you beautiful sexy beast
Glad to see you happy and doing something you love once more! Keep up the good work, we support you so much dude <3
The sounds are from the parrot, they mimic the sounds of mobs
Do more please
Can you start a pixelmon series with Jerome and deadlox
Make the series make the series make the series make the series make the series make the series
Its sgooby time #sgooby
This is the most wholesome video Sky has ever made.
PLEASE MAKE THIS A SERIES!!!!!!
YASS NOSTALGIA
Tame the parrot with seads. No feed it cookies.
Make this a series please
i really want this to be a series XD
there’s a disappointing lack of eldridtch horror in this video
The noise is the parrot! They copy the sound of any hostile mobs nearby.
You can tame the parrot with seeds and it will sit on your shoulder
its not Gooby time its ROSS TIME
“I’m not crying, you’re crying!”
It’s just like back in the day
Omg he mentioned Ross and thundermuffin and I just ;--;
That noise is the parrot mocking other mobs around you :)
REEEEEE welcome back to Minecraft
Parrots mimic zombies. That was what the sound was.
He was hearing those mini zombies... Right?
I think this is a terrific idea
i want luvcraft
Adam you know how parrots can speak what they hear it's like that parrots can moan like zombies
parrots make hostil mob sounds like creeper hisses and zombie groans
I just keep hearing in the back of my head is IM A GOOFY GOOBER
btw parrots copy sound of nearby evil mobs thats what the sound is
I is happy person :3
DEMONITIZED
Keep going
Sky, can you PLEASE play with Ross??? I love you guys together!!!!!
My god lol it’s so weird for adam to have a good mic XD
Keep doing it
Omg yes please
I just want to see more do not laugh, cops n robbers, mod showcases and epic jump maps. Please Adam!
Miracle to see u are playing minecraft yey finally after waiting like 2 years 😂😂😂
Hearing you talk about ross and thundermuffin and roomates ahhhhhhhhh my memories are coming back  this is amazing!! Also, definetly continue this series (I know I can't spell I'm terrible at it)
lovecraft mhm.. minepranks..?
The parrot is the one making the sounds
I just had the best cup of ice cream while watching this
“I’m so Raven AHHHHHHH” 😂 It’s been a while since I was able to laugh at a Minecraft video of him.
Anyone here remember Skybrine? Cuz I did when sky said Herobrine.
Should have called it lovecraft only to bait us and make it like H.P. Lovecraft novels
So this is happening..... Okay I guess
Sky,which one do u like the most, marvel or dc?
gooby time well when i heard that i thought of ross time
It could be a phantom or a drowner
Its gooby time bro these references hurt.
Waths out for zombies that live in water there cald a drown
yes Yes YES
yes Yes YES
the birdies make monster noises to alert you
Please Do It!!!!
Parots make sound of mobs near by
Even though i didnt watch this bfore I feel nostalgia xD

(gooby's mic sounds good... Just wanted to put that out.)
*TWOITLES*
Sky welcome back
1.14 is coming soon
New update is got campfire and new cooking stuff and new mob and new village and villagers and a new raid and the last everyone want to use.... Crossbow..can shoot fire work 
Aquatic updates :sea mobs , a flying mob that attack ya , new collect able place like buried treasure and ship wreck and more that I lazy to type
Oof I bet Aphmau feels so replaced..
turtles are hard to take care off I should know because I used to own one. xD
I think Sky should play with his old friends and also collab with Mumbo and Grian aswell i think if he collabs with people he will get his skill back and make friends :D
I know it was just random banter and them being total noobs but I just watched this whole thing with a big grin on my face. It was so nice to just see things “normal” again and to hear genuine happy laughter and see them get pleasure out of the littlest of things like a turtle. Welcome back. ❤️
THIS IS FREAKIN CUTE BRUH
Would be cool to see you play other games
İts ross time ahhh i miss him
You need a better mic
Yes yes yes!!!💕
yay plz do!!!!
The Biggest Of YESSES
Do more plz
sounds like somebody misses ross
Welcome to 13 minutes of Adam teaching Gooby how to Minecraft
Antvenom will help you contact him he knows about these updates
My childhood has returned.
YESSSS DO IT!!!!!!!!
Squeak :P
there are water zombies and they are called drownd
im fine with this series im happy just to see you playing again. and I have no idea how to play this version of Minecraft.
this is the best
Your bird was making those zombie noises it mimics any mob in the game
If you feed the parrot seeds it will be tamed and it will follow you
BRING BACK DO NOT LAUGH , SURVIVAL GAMES , MINIGAMES AND MODED MAPS
3:30 THUNDER MUFFIN
Tame the parrot with seeds
happiness noise
You can take the parrots by feeding them seeds so the stay with you.
SKY I LOVE YOU
I love this omfg
Yes yes YES
I love your Minecraft videos
We missed this...
Do this series please
7:00 bruh zombie bruh zombie
yes, make it a series.
adam can u make a skywars video with ross i miss thoughs vidoe's
Do the series
Bring back the B U T T E R sempai
This is to cute!!!!  Hope gobby it's good at minecart I am a fast learner when I played I was so good at floors doing a really cool checker floor and really good at building and there's a little zombie and my real name is Brynn sky!!!!! I can't believe you said my name!!!  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
YESSSSSSSS
Holy cow ?????
You can name your roommates with a name tag by changing the item name in an anvil
time to crack open another cold one, boys
Your parrot was mimicking the zombies sound
Yeesssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Do it!!
Remember dawn
THUNDERMUFFIN!!!!!!!!
I think the sound is llamas
btw the sounds are comming from a bby zombie underground, or the parrot mocking a baby zombie udner ground... the parrot can  imitate mob sounds now very cool
Who luv minecraft?
Yeeeessssssssssss
YEEESSSSSSSS
You should do a series with Jerome
YESSSSSSS
skygoob does minecraft
Damn I remember watching his videos all the time when I was 6 or so with my friends
To copy an item, press your scroll wheel. 
Just wanted to help you out.
its the parrot
It's most likey to be the parrot as they  can mimic sound in game
OwO what's this?
Yesssssss
TBH you never knew how to play Minecraft to begin with... XOXO
I never watched lovecraft
7:40 its baby zombos
I had the biggest smile on my face watching this! I missed you so much, you are (in my personal opinion) the best creator out there on this platform, you made me smile on days when nothing else could. Watching this just made me feel like a kid again, despite me being in college. You do what you need to do sky, and we’re there with you!


One thing though, I was so sad when you deleted SkyVsGaming. Some people out there have a few videos that they managed to record before you deleted it, and I’ve been watching those a lot lately because they were some of my favorite episodes with you. Whenever you find the time to, be sure to play some GTAV!
YES MORE
hey sky i just wanted to welcome you back and say be prepared the internet has changed a lot when it comes to mc vids and so has mc if you'd like a good run down ask mumbo jumbo or grian also thanks for the childhood m8 i remember way back in the "YAS LES PARRRTYYYYY" and the other classics but in all the coolest thing is about to happen, we are about to get refined villagers!
gl
Yes you should
Buttttteeeeerrrrrrr
4:20 Brotherrrr?????!!!
Make it!!
MY SHIP SENSES ARE TINGLIIINNNGGG😱😱😱
Guys, if you're an aphmau fan... But I think Garroth has a cousin now... And it's Gooby.... Why? Cus she broke the door 😂😂 (I'm sorry ;-;)
The legion is back
I like tuwutles
Alsooo tame your bird by giving it seedsssss
What PC do you use? I'm looking to get one, but I dont wanna buy a super expensive PC.
FamilyCraft
I missed you
No Cthullu?
Hi Adam glad to see u are doing better.
YYYEEEEESSSSSSSSSS
Please make more videos of this.
it am herobrin
Ye make it a series
PLS DO THIS SKY
But it sounds fun so do it
Your back from Minecraft Yay
This dude was my Minecraft idol 😭
Welcome back savior
Do it, it'll be funny/interesting
Do it. I love the nostalgia
Am i dreaming? Now that minecraft is becoming a thing again he comes back.
Who else after hearing this. Straight away n went to search up lovecraft
That little stone tower reminds me of the one Dawn built in the world where Adam trolled her. Ah, good times..
first of all sky Adam you can tame the parrot by feeding it seeds and the parrot does the sound closest hostile mob
THE OLD OPENING, OMG THE NOSTALGIA!
The pink amulet is so perfect.
O my God please say this is real
I’m glad your back sky your girlfriend is nice I’m glad your happy 😊😊😊
Its the bird lmao
Yessssssssss
Those zombie noises were from your parrot I don’t know why but they made it so Parrots do that they just make a bunch of mob noises to scare you
BRING THE SERIES BACK!
The thumbnail of this video is HoT
Lol the dark oak door has 4 shafts on it instead
YESSS PLEASE DO!!!
Gooby time?! What happened to Ross time
Tame parrots with seeds
AWWW YOU TWO ARE ADORABLE!
Reminds me of the series you did with dawnables
Make the series please
Do the series
I was 7 wen i used to watch u now im 15 thx man
Sky is subscribed to T-series
Feed seeds to the parot to tame it also the parot can make the noises of near by mobs
I’ve been here since Island of the skies. I watched it again and cried
I remember I watched your videos 5 years ago
I would love to see this come back
Epic crib
It's the friggen parrot
You should do mod reviews again, not the story one with Ross max and Barney, just a normal old school fun review
Is the office back together
Parrots mimic random you sounds
Including Gooby might make things a bit more interesting. 

Also, is "for the lols" coming back?
Love you guys!
ADAM AND ROSSSS
It was probably a drowned, zombie turn into them when the sink under water for a time. Easily stronger than a regular zombie with their weapon the trident.
that noise is the parrot :)
Buddy
MAKE IT PLEASE


edit: jfc you guys are adorable
This isn’t HP lovecraft...
1:30 thanks, now I can't unsee it :)
damn man you still make minecraft vids?
In the first 22 seconds. Yes dude your back make literally anything and I will eat it up. that goes for a lot of other people too.
Happy ur back man
Oh boy its the third season
Its the parrot
THOSE BIRD JOKES!!!!  LOL!!!!!!!
Are you still friend with gin
Its the parrot
Adam the noise is the parrot and by the way love the herobrine part of the vid
Yaasssss
Is history repeating itself but like a better version of it cuz if so then hello childhood
old, dumb, fun, my favorite
Is new music comin soon or are you taking a break from it ?
DO IT!!! JUST DO IT

I wonder if Adam will love this comment...
the little zombie and creeper sounds you hear are from the parrots
yyyyyyyyyyyyeees
that sound was a Baby Zombie. When it's more high pitched like that, it's a baby zombie
Yes pllleeeeeaaaseee make more I think everybody is basically saying the same thing we dont care what the heck you give us. You make us laugh and we enjoy anything and everything you do!!!!! Just give us morooooroeoeeeee
There’s a way to tame the bird with seeds
Do more plzz
Oh damn I got first! Thanks Adam for the great content!!
Plz make series
Guys! I think I'm lost in time! What year is it?
For turtles: place them on a warm sandy beach (or build a habitat) and he won't die
Sky you should its amazing seeing you happy  btw what happened to part 2
Yes please
Massive respect
You make minecraft videos I'll watch them.
Omg this video reminded me of one of Adam's old videos, very nolstagia
Only true OG's remembers our fellow fallen mincraft player,
Do it I love your video
adam do a video with ross i wanna see ross tiem :D
Sometimes parrots make mob noises
This is low key nostalgic it’s an old school Minecraft video just talking and building
I miss this video
1 view - 1 minute (((((((((()((((;
Yes do the series’s pleaaassseeeee
bring back Ross!
YASSSSS
things to know already; 
1. parrots mock any mob sound 
2. you can tame parrots with seeds and they will follow you
3. you should invite me to a realm so we can play ahaha (SkyRat_)
I have a tortoise, it lives for 50 years, and it stinks...
YES MORE PLEASE
YYAYYAYAYAYYAYAYYAYAY
#Skylox
yes please
Adam, feed the parrots seeds and you can tame them.
You played Minecraft FOR SOO LOOONG



But your build looks like a giant pillar...
HE SAID MY NAME
Is that your girlfriend or something
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
If you feed the parrots seeds you can tame it and it can sit of your shoulder.
Good to see you back in your natural habitat.
We need ross back i remember back in the day when you used the play hide and seek with the pack barney ross aphmau antvenom, everyone that was awesome
Plz do Adam
Adam freaking out over the parrot making zombie sounds is a mood
OMFG, IF YOU DID A TEAM CRAFTED REUNION...
yes
Are the old skyvsgaming videos ever coming back or are they gone for good?
pls yes
The zombie sounds are zombies. They also might be baby zombies. We now have different cats, pandas, coral, shipwrecks, woodland mansions, different slabs, turtles, parrots (can be tamed with seeds), dolphins, drowned (sea zombies), wandering traders, berries, and many other things.
When I see sky play lovecraft with someone other than alesa 

Confused screaming

Look it up
That sound is parrots they can coppy mobs sounds.
It’s the parrot making those sounds
How is her mic better than yours? 😂
make the seriessss
Do more
SkyDoesTWD
If it is gray you like tseries 
👇🏻
He's back yassssssss
as a fan of cosmic horror that name confused me
They also have panda's
5:52
Yes
Yes more
Sky can u have Ross back, I miss him
DO MAZE RUNNER PLS I BEG AGAIN 😮


Edit and love ya
Call it skoob-craft
Those noises are zombie kids snarling and growling (the midget, fast zombies)
BETTER
Sky, I think that sound is from a baby zombie. They're weaker than regular zombies, but faster and harder to hit, and they can sometimes be seen riding a chicken.
There must be a cave with monsters nearby that they are mimicking
Adam no hate but your girlfriend sound like a 15 yr/old girl from discord
I want this..... this is beauty at its fines
It’s never Gooby time because it’s alleyways Ross time!!!!!
Its so cool to see you back on minecraft! Ive missed your minecraft adventures a lot.
PLEASE DO THIS OMG PLEASSSSEE
Make the series
Support sky
bring it back I miss this
Love it❤️
Do the series and bring back Cops' n' robbers!!
sky, that sound is from the parrot, it mimics hostile mobs that are nearby
The parrot makes random noises and it’s great.
I want to watch this
Ross and john should come back
Does anybody remember Sky as a turtle
no thundermuffin
do it do it do it do it please (only if you want to tho)
I love that sky is playing mincraft again. I can't help that notice that he seems to almost have a insecurity with being a youtube again. Like maybe he thinks he wont be as good.  I have hopes for him that he can be as great as he use to be
Also sprint in water to swim if not, sprint and look down, that mighy help
It's a zombie lol
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Cuteeeeee
On no its herobryan
I miss the old sky
Yesssss
Who gooby?
grian is probably crying right now...
HECK YE
It the bird
the weird noises come from the parrot
I love the audio and video like this reminds me how ur older videos were
Yessss
Drowned zombies
:)))
I miss everyone....
https://gametimers.it/lo-youtuber-piu-famoso-di-minecraft-abbandona-definitivamente-il-gioco/?fbclid=IwAR2B8CZ90AM9n5W-Sj9lOTB25Sd4uk5KFXCWstCdGIzYN-hlry1GU-yDoM0
We have zombies that Drowned them self from staying in water to long and more Squid wards
YESSS PLEASEE
Y e s
yaas queen
Is that your girlfriend I thought you were married
More plz
u can make the bird as a pet by give it a seed and it will sit on your soulder
Yaaaaaaassssss
Yes
Sky build pool for the turtle
Make it!
Spawn a parrot near a jukebox and play music for it and watch the magic happen.
go my brother.
Bring it back
I love you.
yes do it
Love is in the air....... I think...
Were is dj baby masion
I would love it if you did this as a series
It’s the parrot he makes mob noises
Sky you should give the bird a cookie they love cookies
It's the bird
What is this man
You still do minecraft
Were max your son
Believe
I miss you
Yes
Good to see u back .
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
So this is his girlfriend?
Parrots will mimic sounds of near by mobs
bring it back!!!
It's the parrot
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Pizza time
I know he hasn’t played Minecraft in so long but I know he can make a nicer house
Yes
Adam, the parrots will sometimes copy other mobs they hear, ie: Zombies, Creepers, skeletons, etc.
Yesss
look out, it am herobren
The sound is the parrots mimicking the sound of nearby mobs, prob in a cave or something.
What happen to Ross max red (YouTube sensation redvactor) and barny you could do another Roomates or a Old Do Not Laugh
It's a zombie
Ok...
2:22 my god it made a come back he didn't know it but it was ross time
Feed the parrot seeds
Pleassssseeee make this a thinggg
For next Minecraft update will have foxes, Sky. Also Minecraft 1.13 have dolphins :D
The noise is the parrot
Parrots sometimes make zombie sounds
Hp lovecraft
He back 😄😄😄😄😄😄❤️🎂❤️🎉🎉🎉
Gooby time? Wait...
He is going to revive a long lost game...
Are you still recording In your bathtub???
2019 and its back to the classic bad mic
Yyaaaaaaa we want it
Sky Army RISE UP
i'm back to my childhood
It's the parrot
The zombie thing that you hear is the parrot that is telling u that there is a mob around some where
The zombie noise are the parrots, I think it may be a bug.
Go for it
Remember modded hunger games
Love turtles
It’s the parrot they can mimic noises
The ting is a baby zombie I think.
Idk what lovecraft is but... HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSsssssssssssSSSSSSSSSssssssss
Yes
Fortnite
Can u do something with ross
I... feel young please... feeling stay... please sky...
The noise is the parrot
Sky you should play some sky factory to see if your good at surviving an onslaught of struggles I would watch that series till I die and I’ll comment every time I watch them
More plz
It is a parrot
Its a migit
The Parrot mimics animals and mob sounds
Sky feed a parrot a cookie
It's the parrot make the noises
Adam, the sounds you are hearing is from your parrots, they imitate other things. Also, tame your birds with seeds, then you can sit them down or have them ride on your shoulders (Yes if u have two, you can have 2 parrots on your shoulders). You jump to make them get off ur shoulder. I'm so excited to have you back on Minecraft! Maybe play on Hypixel and do a live stream so we can join you!
Adamsssss he is backkk!  gives all the butters
Please do
Ple stop its so wierd
Yes do it
Am I still asleep and seeing things or is this real
It's a drowned
yo ive been here for since forever ago, like the first mutant creeper mob showcase was new. idk if thats super old but ive seen alot of sky. but i completly forgot about lovecraft untill this video and the past just hit my like a train.
Yes
Do it. Now
It's back
I just want you to make content that you enjoy.
I believe I was 10 years old the last time I watched a SkyDoesMinecraft video, hell even a minecraft video. I just wanted to say that you have been with me for a long time, and I even remember the days that you were kind of a prick in the old days of tutorials. Anyway glad you're back I guess. I more or less watched you for your jokes rather than the game which I am sure as HECK not gonna watch now. Atleast the gameplay. I will still watch ya for the jokes and your personality so keep being you!
Sky u r amazing.u make me smile and i consider u and the others family.i am always here for u if u need someone to talk to.that goes for all of u guys.im here for u
Omg he still has the old intro! You used to be my favourite YouTuber, then years went by and I just moved on, but now I’m back I guess! Lol
It's the parrot it copys mobs noises
Yeah that would be great
IT'S GOD DAME ZOMBIE AND IT IS HEROBRINE
BABY ZOMBIE WHY?!
The mob noise is the parrot they make noises of nearby hostile mobs
Dew It!
it's a baby zombie, you can't not know about baby zombies
Finally his mic doesn’t sound like a potato
Do it plz
Pleaseeeee😢💕
LOVE CRAFT!
All I hear is puh
Name the turtle Ross
Alesa was wayyyyy hotter
Adam, can i tell you something?
I wanted to tell you that in these 5 years that i've been watching your videos...You where the one who helped me go throught hard times in my life and be confident in finding and being myself... And i'm really happy that you're back to minecraft... I know that everyone has they're own bad/hard/dark times in life... So if you ever feel like really bad... You can count in us your fans and friends... Don't let the haters get to you...ok? I hope that i made your day becous you always make my day!❤
I'm so happy that minecraft's alright to play now. All of the children are at fortnite and apex. We're safe.
Might be a drowned zombie
Sooooo.... is no one going to question the lava in the frozen tundra.... no ok then
The mob noises is the mimicking from the parrot warning you that there are hostiles near
Don’t do love craft. It’s a meme. It’s a shitty trend for 8 year olds. You’re better than that.
Just have it be a normal let’s play with her.
Yeeeaaahh boi
That noise is the parrot
Be careful of drowned in bodies of water.
you still make videos? damn, Im in college now.
twutle
Make it
Would love to see Lovecraft!
Wait i thought sky was done with minecraft??
i am happy
You can swim in Minecraft and there cross bows.
I like twurdles
That sound was baby zombies
It’s the parrot
OMG I heard sky say "go hang out with the chicken" and I was like pleaseee let this go where I think it's going and guess where it went?!?!?! THUNDER MUFFIN!!!!! THE MEMORIES!!
DO IT
Babe zambie
Yeeeeeeeeeessssss
MAKE
yes
In the next video feed the parrots a cookie, it does something magical ;3
yess
The noises are the birds mimicking the mobs!
Yeet
Oof, right in the childhood
#keepdickdoor
DO NOT LAUGH
Hell ya
There are tridents and crossbows now
Is it bad that I have been watching his videos since the beginning but I don’t know what Lovecraft is? He said it was an old series
Parrot
Thank you for my childhood. Also congrats on overcoming that hard time you had to go through. I’m happy to see you have s girlfriend now. Keep living life and doing you.👍🏻
Im so glad your back sky, you always got me to laugh in dark days, glad to have you making amazing vids again
Adam: Gooby, look out. It am hero-brin


Gooby: I have no idea what you are talking about.


Adam: 


Gooby needs to learn the history and theories of minecraft in 2019 xD No offense rlly, love you two.
YES YES YES DO IT
I looooove thiiiis adam
Finish it
continue it pls
Jes plz sky i love you to play minecraft and cops and robbers plz
STOP CUTTING ONIONS PLEASE!!!!!
Yes you should
Yes you should
More but in survival
2:25 gooby time? HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
minecraft should like upload another game named minecraft nostalgia edition
this is so wholesome and reminds me of when me and my boyfriend started playing minecraft together, i hadnt played pretty much since horses were added and everything was so confusing and he had a good laugh at me for it lmao.
That sound sounds like a bunch or one baby zombie
Yes
Zombie
What happened to ross
sky the phantoms are worse than the squids
Sky finally has a Minecraft girlfriend
Go for it fam! We'll support you all the way!
MY HEART SANK WHEN I HEARD THE INTRO
Ye we love ALL your content bro. It's not really that much about what we love, we love EVERYTHING YOU DO. It's about what YOU love man. We will always be here for you man
YES MAKE THIS A SERIES
Tradition is tradition keep it up Dude
Ahh hell yea
#Comeback
It's the parrot😂
The parrot is mimicking the zombies
is it just me or we pros kinda just want to roast da poop outa him but he forgot things so yea...
Go for it guys!
Yes
PLEASE PLAY IT AGAIN
If you want you can so long as you have fun
Yeah you cool
7:30 that a baby zombie
The birbs must be tamed with seeds
Wood
7:38 its a baby zombie...or the parrot mimicing the zombie voice.
Guess whos back? Back again, guess who's back, guess who's back, guess who's back
I love the mic quality either though it’s not the best it brings it back to old times. It would be cool if you do a parkour map again
Please make this an official series!!!....again!
I think this series is lovely
I have been encouraged to play Minecraft again at age 11 friend me username: SUPERPOTATO729
Profile pic:cobra G points:about 4000
YES DO IT PLEASE
that noise was the parrot trolling you, they're cheeky and replicate mob noises
It's not devil's goat




It's thatguybarney's goat
Genius name
Tiny Zombie/midget zombie
Yeah a new series
The "breEhhhh" sound is from the parrot. They make noises that arent exactly alike them
YAAAAAAAASS
Thank you.
It's a Parrot.
WHAT
Dew it baybee
It’s the parrot it mimics mobs
It’s the birb they mimic mob noises
Yeeeeees!!! Is it me or did humanity just restore its fate for YouTube?
Maybe
The barrots if you breed them with a seed they will become your pet and if you put a juke box it will dance
Happy your getting better we love u adam
oh my god i thought it was the old one but nope :D well it is great to watch your videos in Minecraft :D
Now This Is
NOSTALGIA
What happens with skydaz installer?
Play pixelmon!!!
Who remembers getting the demo version of minecraft on console and just constantly replying the tutorial island
I wanna see some PARKOUR
the zombie noise is the parrot mocking the zombies
It am herobrine
Yes more
Its a zombie
baby zombie
I feel my childhood
I thought he was goanna call Ross and then they would have to call it third wheel craf
Poor sky, he’s really hot rock bottom
How long has it been that sound's a baby zombie
I am 7 again. Also GOOBY TI.E
I’m so glad your back sky please go back to normal
Who's the new girl
Twrtle
Man I hope there's a love craft special guest staring Aphmau and Jasson. XD
I got flashbacks of the gold old Minecraft days~
Hey man I’m glad your ok.
I hope life treats you well.
YUS! more minecraft Adam! WE NEED IT!
Yesssssss tho old intro, the sky we used to know is returning
I'd love to see you doing a Minecraft survival series.
Its actually amazing seeing things like this come back. I love it
Don't play Minecraft play different games like call of duty or roblox.
Omg yes!!! #lovecraft
omg this is
nOStALGaGiC
I like how the first half of the episode there is no progress and then sky mentally goes, “oh wait...”
Bring back the old team crafted
Please make it oml
I watched you since I was like 8 years old watching your Minecraft minigames with your friends. It's great that you want to come back to this nostalgic, yet upgraded setting and I really enjoy watching your cops n robbers vids. I just really hope you continue doing what you love and have fun.
P.S. Bring back Cops n Robbers w/ your friends again, please.
2:30 YOU CANNOT TAKE ROSS TIME
Cops and robbers please!
I mean y not if ur happy with it
Get a turtle
There are these things called sea lanterns they make light and they doent look bad like the yellow lanterns
Sky: I'm not really as good at Minecraft as I used to be (still remains to be the most famous Minecraft YouTubers)
I knew u would come back, once u play minecraft...
i wish i had a second monitor so i could watch this and play games at the same time


that and other reasons ;)
We’re gonna watch all ur vids sky we all missed you
No Cthulu!? 0/10 would default dance again
next time, do lovecraft on a livestream =)
I am filled with nostalgia, if you did bring in a roommate you should totally see if Jess would be able to, or Ross 

PS-I really hope you’re on good terms with Ross again, you had such a special friendship and I really miss seeing you guys play together, but you do you man
As long as your Happy with doing it, I will gladly support! it would be not only a blast from the past, but a really fun time.
Yes yes yes yes !!! Please continue this please!!!!
HELLLLLLLLLL YEAHHHHHH DO IT
omg sky telling us the past is making me miss the old times more
Yooooo this makes me want to cry
imagine if Grian saw this video and rants about the every block Sky uses
Adam if you want to tame the bird give it beans I just forgot what kind of beans
Happy
When did sky get another girlfriend?
More
BRING BACK LOVECRAFT!!!!!!!!!
I still can’t believe sky is the guy who made these awesome skins, and even antvenoms skin!
Ooof
Mke it
the..... INTRO
YES BOI!!!!!
Whatever you do, don't let this end up as a dead end. Please commit to some kind of series. We'll watch anything 😊
*Tears of happiness*  yes, thos restores my faith in my life
please do this!!
"Its a Twertle!!".
ROSS!!!
ROSS!!!!!
ROSS WHERE ART THOU
ROSS!!!





ROSS TIME
The scary sounds outside were actually the parrots, they make random mob sounds
Yes please more
Yes yes yes MINECRAFT
Please put face cam back on
Low key I want an "Adam eats cereal 2"
Thundermuffen and ross i miss them
Time travel is real....
HE SAID “HEY GUYS SKY HERE” AND NOSTALGIA SMACKED ME ACROSS THE FACE
Parrots mimic mob noises
I’d enjoy that
What happened to Sky?
Parrots mimicking mob noises
the sounds are baby zombies and the hissing are creepers and they are in behind the back wall of your house :P
The evil noise y'all were hearin is the parrot !! They mimic every mob noise around them


Skeletons, Zombies, Creepers, ect ect.
T H E  I N T R O
Oh god dud , OF COURSE WE DO WANT A SERIES
Yes give me this series!!
You should do minigames with Aphmou again
Doing Great Adam!
IF YOU DO AN OG COPS AND ROBBERS 3.0 I WILL LITERALLY BREAK SOMETHING
Yes. Play minecraft. Only minecraft
I thought this dude stopped MC for his wife?
I am just happy to see adam up and about!
Yos please do the series
Make it!
Do the Lovecraft series!!!!! Make it work!!!
Keep goobs.. I like her
Bruh I’m just happy ur making vids again but I do love the do not laughs...
Bruh I’m just happy ur making vids again but I do love the do not laughs...
Yas
It sucks bc u can see that she has an amulet. Alesa had one too 😭😭😭
Y  E  S
Make it
I remember the first episode so long ago, and now I'm back, after dropping out of college, to watch this handsome boy play the best game
hits cig
Thunder Muffin? I haven't heard that name in a long time.
watching this made me cry becoz of all the old memories
The intro gives me nostalgia 😭😭😭
You should do an scp roleplay series eventually
Do it man.... But only if you love doing this stuff again. All of us only want you to do what makes you happy
I love that you can see where Adam didn’t recolor the skin lol
The old intro, the “hey guys sky here” is just so much nostalgia
There are so many references
I watch more videos of this
sharp inhale oooohhhhh boy, this is gonna be interesting. Not good, just interesting
I would like a modded island survival series because it was my favourite series when I was small but with a story behind the series
YYYYYEEEESSSSSS WHO LIKE MINECRAFT!!!!
Yes
I love this!
It’s not Gooby time it’s Ross time
that sound is a zombie or baby zombie
I mean it hasn’t changed that much
Btw that zombie noise is just a baby zombie
I Love craft
He better, pray if he runs into, a haunted mansion (dark oak mansion, forgot the damned name)
Why do I feel like I'm listing to a podcast
im crying. Adam was my childhood bro
Oh....alright
Yeah sure,why not
Was love craft even a thing before.
You should make this series
It's Ross time
ITS ROSS TIME
This is awesome and wholesome i love it.
I was 4 when I started watching I'm 18
MORE!!
when is new music
people talking about the old intro but that’s not the original 😔
Yote
Parrots do that they make sounds now
I’m crying my entire childhood
So where are all the scary aliens & eldrich beings?
How’s your son
Wheres allisa
When KSI kills you and you're still making Minecraft videos.
Sky: I got them back together

Gamora or something: what did it cost?

Sky: my mic quality
Sky: quits Minecraft for music

People: start playing Minecraft un ironically

Sky: 
Cops and robbers pls god I will cry so hard my eyes will grow new eyes and cry some more I've been here since I was 5
Old do not laugh: complex jokes with lots of building and planning
Do not laugh now: weener
The crew is back together again.
But what did it cost?
The audio quality.
Sky: uploads*

5 hours later

Me: 
 . . . 

A d a m.
Anyone else miss the older stadium for try not to laugh
He's back! Adam did it again, motherf***er!!!
Welcome back, old friend. We knew you wouldn't let us down!
omg YES
SKY & JEROME.
You guys should do Cops n Robbers again.
I miss the good days when Ross and all the others all played together. I want hide and seek and cops and robbers back. 😭
I will actually shed tears of joy if you do another cops and robbers
I’m legit not going to lie. I thought this was an old video being brought back to life MY GOD







JUST BECAUSE OF JEROMES STUPID PONYTAIL JOKE 🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️
Hearing Sky just genuinely laugh again is so amazing ❤️
2019, and I thought Adam stopped YouTube. His mic is uhhh
Sky will climb into Thanos ear canal and do a Try Not To Laugh livestream
He brought back the intro....
He BROUGHT BACK THE INTRO!
I remember the old ass days of 2012....
Doctor: You can't die of nostalgia



Sky: Hold my beer
I miss the slap like bottun edit, but the nostalgia of the intro got me haha


Stay strong sky army
Its been so long since i watched this

I watched this stuff since 2nd grade xD
Every Minecraft Youtuber has had some connection with Adam in the past
Adam : saying stuff the rules about person in the center makes anyone laugh to get point
Me : wait processing data
I'm glad skys back I actually missed him doing try not to laughs on minecraft
IT'S BACK EVERYONE (atleast i think)


Edit: YUP, IT'S BACK!!
Me: I want something new.

Sky: Heres something I haven't posted in about a year.

Me:Me want More.
Ross: Do I look happy if I jump like this?
Adam: Yeah
Ross: Well I am really depressed right now. 

Best joke ever made in a do not laugh, does anyone remember it?
(Probably you do, but I am still asking :) )
Cops N' Robbers is a must have for one of your upcoming videos also, the memory build minigame or building and rating minigame
Adam: All you have to do is throw a sausage at me and I laugh
Me: *Throws Pufferfish*
No offense I liked the original rules of your do not laugh
sees sky upload a Minecraft video
Nostalgic me: [happy noise]
Hey...if you do one of these with with Aph again....i know how to make her laugh. 😉
Sky: plays minecraft
People: stops playing minecraft
sky: stops playing minecraft
People:  plays minecraft
Sky: i guess you've wondered were i've been
Just wanna say you never animated a pony tale on you character in the animation except a couple times
The intro-
flashing back to 10 year old me
ℍ𝕠𝕝𝕪 𝕤𝕙𝕚𝕥𝕖
Aw it’s so cute to see Adam and Jerome recording together again. My heart.
Hi Adam I know you're going through depresion and stuff but keep positive and never give up!!! Most of us won't care about you uploading videos. Just get well and we'll be happy
Childhood. 




OH HOW I MISSED YOU!!
Adam: I made this skin in 2013-2014
Jerome: How have I not noticed that you have a ponytail?
Me: ...Jerome, its 2019. Adam's had that since the beginning of his career
Ahem, I liked and you asked me to comment on what I want in future videos and I want you to say, “Lewd raccoon girl!”
Holy s**t, it’s back!
Omg the old crew is back!
Im so happy....im crying
he sounds like kermit the frog
never fix that mic, its a sky brand quality
THE OLD INTRO YASSSSS OMG THE FLIPPING MEMORIES!!!!
It’s been 7 damn years and Jerome just now finds out that Adam’s skin has a ponytail. Wow. I don’t know what else to say...
Honestly I like the shitty mic quality it kinda brings back the classic video style 
Idk maybe it’s just an OG army thing
Imagine, "Return of the Crafting Dead"...
We Missed 🌌 
So Glad he has returned!😊😊
5:54 I didn’t know I’ve been waiting for this
Sky with the minecraft gauntlet: Do not laugh, sky does, the intro, vlogs,

looks at Minecraft Mod showcases

One to go....
sky: i brought them all back together

gamora: and what did it cost you?

sky: ...my audio and video quality

me: 
(sorry i saw a lot of these and had to join in, but i'm happy to see another try not to laugh video because i missed them)
Sees sky uploaded: 
Original intro plays: 
Nostalgia 100
OH MY GOD MY CHILDHOOD SJQBSBCKEKABAHBWBDBkwbfanq
Pepe The Frog
Trollface
Dat Boi
Spongemock
when you check on ur fav minecraft youtuber and he has the same intro
[ HAPPINESS NOISE ]
Instagram life hacks be like...

How to take your recording anywhere!
I love how even though he’s had such a long time experience with Minecraft - coming back, it’s as if we’re back in the first episode of Do Not Laugh
The sound quality ain’t the greatest and there aren’t crazy mods added to it - I ACTUALLY LOVE IT SO MUCH owo
these videos helped me so much through my childhood w/ my emotionally abusive parents when i was younger. came back to my room crying because i got yelled at earlier and this is the first video i see.
💛💛💛💛💛💛
Cooked Ham Hamtaro
What about...

 



MACARONI MIKASA
I LITERALLY SCREAMED RIGHT WHEN I GOT THE NOTIFICATION!  MY NEIGHBORS CAME TO THE FREAKING DOOR LMAO!
AHHHH I FORGOT ABOUT U GUYSS THIS IS WHAT MY LIFE NEEDS AGAIN😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭
I don’t believe this 😭 is this an old video or did he really uploaded this😮
Me: sees sky uploaded a mc try not to laugh
Also me: AHHHHHHHH YESSS FUDGE YES
it seems like he took all of the stuff from the setup he had about 6 years ago.
the mic makes me want to cry
Ay don’t April fools me Adam but plz upload more of this even though u are depressed I feel really bad but plz do some more cops and robbers
Great birthday gift, even though I just saw it.
It was posted on my birthday so I'm happy 😂 I loved this series
*Finds video


Didn't know he uploaded this


Screams* YESSSSSSSS!
Who else wants epic jump maps back?
Oh schiznuts! Old sky is back, quality mic and all!
Man his mic quality has dropped since 2016
HE CHANGED THE GAME!!! My childhood is back and somehow changed!!!!
Damn this video really broke the scales
 (☞ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)☞
No joke but...every video you make is LEGENDARY AND PRICELESS!!! 

you actually caught my eye again!
This brings me back...
The first you tuber I watched was you.
I remember watching you on my family dell laptop and my dad would yell when you said a bad word
I swearrrr I thought Jerome was gonna make a booty joke when he told Adam to turn around in the beginning
I thought this was an April fools joke

this was posted on March 31
Saw the old intro and felt the nostalgia in my veins ohh my god so happy!!!
Now this is the minecraft content that i want

-enjoyable
-legendary minecraft youtuber
-funny af

And most of all







NO CLICKBAIT :)
Every loyal fan knows Adam's skin has ALWAYS had a rat tail xP Been knowing for 5 years+ ✨👑💛
The nostalgia...




...though I'm dead inside so I can't laugh.
*sees video *
Screams in top of lungs like a fangirl
Sabre : might have to pull out my Trump card

Everyone : ....

Sabre : 
ITS TERRIBLE 


HOW COULD YOU


HOW COULD YOU DO THIS...


without face cam? ;-;
I love your vids Adam, you were there for me since I was around 8 years old. You always made me laugh. I hope you keep up the good work and may the Sky Army be as strong as ever...FOREVER!!!
Good lord what year is it



We need Ross back
Sky: ok what’s the difference between a piano, a fish and a pot of glue?

•••••••••

You can tune a piano but you can’t tun-a-fish

Player: what about the glue I knew you’d get stuck there
Omg there was an adam joke


#earthdad
I MISS THIS SERIES OMG THANK YOU AND YOU BROUGHT THE CREW BACK
Me: Aw heck its another reupload of highlights, but thats okay
Also me: Wait a minute
I missed you so much, dude. You and the gang were the childhood of so many middle schoolers, myself included (a high schooler now) Welcome back, man.
I’m so happy right now I could explode
Bro the sound quality brings back memory’s
Oh my god, I'm so happy to see this! 
it made me smile when I click this video. thank you for posting this Sky ^^
Im a fan from 6 years ago




Glad team crafted is still alive
U still got the same intro! 😂 I'm glad kid's are leaving Minecraft because of Fortnite and Apex Legends.
HES BACK HES BACK MY FAVORITE MINECRAFT YOUTUBER IS BACK!!!!!!!!! Glad your back dude i missed your videos i hope all goes well for ya!!
As I for the first time in a while, laughed througout the whole video...I knew...
This was a good video.
Hamtaro

HIO OH HO YOU'RE APPROACHING ME
This mic and vid quality reminds me of simpler times. I almost cried from nostalgia
Now The only thing missing is truemu ;_;
Adam your so salty when you jumped Ito a lake it turned into a ocean😂
oMg HE'S WITH SABRE, MY AKSKSKSSKSKSKZK YAYYAAAAASJSSIKWODODO
Oh my God Adam has uploaded TNTL again! 💕💕💞💜
I really hope you are well sky because you have shaped my childhood
I rememner the cops and robbers the parkour and hunger games
Please never change
The mic is giving me flashbacks thanks so much Adammmm
Please keep doing do not laugh on a regular basis
Oh and pleas e bring back ThatGuyBarney
omg MY CHILDHOOD
YOU BROUGHT BACK THE INTRO TOO
the only thing left is cops n robbers and hide n seek
This was recorded in 2019? Wow





I legit fought it was 2016
I haven't heard that intro song in a long time. Makes me feel old 😑
The Jonas brothers are back
Miley out the wig back on
And Adam has returned to do not laugh.
MY CHILDHOOD IS RETURNING!!!!!
Welcome back Sky, you have been missed by many. I love your videos and your content and I even consider you to be a role model. The king is back to reclaim his throne!!
Mic Quality Who Hurt You
You're amazing sky! 
Thank you for bringing back try not to laugh! Your laughter and chuckles makes all of us happy!
I clicked on the video and started to cry, I love this MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK HA MUM SEE I DID SOMETHING WHEN YOU WERE GONE
GuYs iM hAviNg fLasHbacKs bUt lIke ThE GoOd KiNd......*whispers* play cops and robbers pleaseeeee!
You know sabre !!?!?!?!??!!?? Do you know moose,shark,and unspeakable
Recoded in the bathtub 😂🔥
That shows he cares
OMG hes back (first SDM video in a long im watching) Im happy
The quality of the audio really reminds me of old sky back in 2013
Damn, haven’t laughed this hard in a long time. Thanks Adam
Why are my eyes drowning?
Skyyyy! I’ll click that bell if you keep living!! 
Also where’s the classic gang?? D,:
I’m glad he’s back but it just doesn’t feel the same...
He's returned, Intro and all, HELL YEAH
THE INTRO OF THE GAME GAVE ME A GIANT  FLASHBACK—
Oh my gosh yes. I know Jerome, Sabre and tewtiy
Ahh, welcome back good old memories. 😭💕
I love this it's hilarious :D
GUYS HES GETTING THE BAND BACK TOGETHER, SKY AND TEAM CRAFTED WILL RISE AGAIN
omg its back!!!!!!!!!! My favorite series you ever did, hide and seek was second
AHH MY TEN YEAR OLD SELF WOULD BE SCREAMING!!! agh this is so nostalgic even with the audio quality and setup it's just like how these videos used to be!!!!!!
Adam do you remember when Nick discovered the ponytail?
Good times....
Damn this feels like we're back in 2014 or 15
Nostalgia hit me hard with this one...
sheds tear
OMG!!!; YESSSSSSS ME CRIII
Now this is the type of quality content I want to see! Not some sellout videos or Fortnite. Thanks a lot <3
I love everything about this video, but you know what I would love even more....




C O P S   A N D    R O B B E R S
Jerome: Adam could you turn around real quick...
Adam turns around
Jerome: Ho-- 
video starts buffering 
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
OH MY GOD JEROMEEEEEEEE lol i cant wait to see adam play with more of team crafted :*)
Awesome as always adam! Always loved your vids but mainly i always loved watching you and the other having fun! ☺😊
Do a vid with Aphmau.
Adam honestly if you don't want to do this series anymore you don't have to revive it for the fans. (Or I could be mistaken that he wants to do it. I just want to make sure he won't burn himself out again.)
We need ross,max,and the others
That intro gave me chills
I'm glad the old Intro is back.....I kinda miss muh boi Deadlox....but you locked him in your basement  and Forced him to edit your content.....so that kinda suks
I almost cried! Thank you Adam...
OMG ITS BACK😭😭😭😭😭
Do not laugh?! I’m shook. Last thing i expected. I’m so happy to see Adam trying to help himself. Mother better than self care. Love you Adam ❤️
Edit: also the intro 😭😭😭
Omg yes Try Not To Laugh is back
The mic quality 👌
Sky Left The Server
RedVacktor left the server
Ross left the Server 
ThatGuyBarney Left The server
Sky Rejoins server
Jerome Returns to the server 
Favre Rejoins The Server
 Presses Public Server Button
Tewtiy Joins The Server
RetroProngHorn Joins The Server
also, if you deadlox do crazycraft again, i will shed tears of joy
Your mic is so satisfying close to the keyboard now
I just binged 11 episodes of Hamtaro on youtube last night. Until like3 am. I'm not okay lol
I really like the mic quality (no sarcasm)
“How have I not known up until now you have a ponytail?!” - Jerome 2k19
Edit: Oof I’ve never gotten this many likes this fast lol
OMG this is just so good. I think I’m gonna cry from nostalgia
That intro almost made me cry of nostalgia XD
Bro i love your vids but pls get a better mic
I think we all know what joke sky should make, SCALES
What I'd like to see next? WHAT I'D LIKE TO SEE NEXT? DO NOT LAUGH WITH ROOOOOOOOOOOOOSS AND APHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHMAU (Don't pass out)
I hate sky does Minecraft...




MICROPHONE LOL
YO I WATCHED YOU SINCE I WAS 7 YOU WERE MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER I WATCHED YOU EVERYTIME YOU UPLOADED
INNNNHHHAAAALLLLEE that intro..... it feels so good with its buttery goodness
That intro gave me flashbacks
i almost had a heart attack ngl man
Yooo 

sky post do not laugh video 



*Sky becomes again best youtuber of all time *😤❤️
I hope he comes back to million veiws. Keep going man👍
what is that body preportion plugin/mod he's usinngggg
Japanese dood: 9:34 right after “What?” was perfect timing 🤣
The video..... the crew..... the intro...... the fluffy..... EVERYTHING IS PERFECT
Sky, ever since I have started watching your videos which was back in 2011-2012 when I was only 10 years old, I knew you were an important part of my childhood. Not long ago, I’ve rewatched your old videos again and shed tears knowing a deep part of my childhood was gone, and how not only you, but the entire Team Crafted group separated. But seeing this episode made me know that you are still here, and that you are going back to the way of how you’ve made millions of people love you. Please bring back the memories that we all loved and enjoyed...  
Thank You :’)
Im having Vietnam flaShbaCks
I got way too excited when I saw this pop up in my feed!!! 
:3 you’re still amazing~
His mic quality gave me mass amounts of nostalga! Missed this so much!!!!
Guys, no one knows how awesome it is to see a do not laugh, even with the recording in the bathtub
Aphmau

Hi sky. How is your day
Who else got so many memories from that intro!
WELP. THAT DID IT. MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK AND I AM CRYING
"Someone get that man a washing machine" - Jerome 2019
joke
Ross: Welcome back to cooking with Earl! I'm a three star chef and I'm here to show you a special guest!
Max enters
Max: Hey Earl. I made a special dish today with something we're all familiar with.

Ross: Oh dear, it seems as if Max got someone from my days as a dungeon beast...
Bring back Ross, Barney and RedVacktor
such a drop in sound and graphics quality compared to his old vids
sky you should do a cops and robbers video with max and ross omg i can’t believe your back i’ve been watching you for so long ahhhhhhh♥️
Wait a minute 
this no view counter for me
BROOO ITS BEEN TOOOO LONG, I loved watching these every-time I see it pop up on my phone AGAKEJVWUWIWB this makes me really happy ❤️🥳
Yessssssssss finally! This was my favorite series you made!!!
I'm dreaming? Please pinch me.
Pinched
Awwww.
squeaaaals
The throwback <3 Oml
I'm literally going to cry💞
Thank the lord my favorite series is back
Best sound quality 10/10
The editing style is.. Interesting... I suppose..
Ive been waiting for this for a few years
Anyone else realize that Jerome already asked about the pony tail???
OH MY GODDDDDD
SKY'S BACKKKKKKKKKK
SKY'S RLLLLLLY BACKKKKKKKKKK
MOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMM
So happy to see that intro again after so many years.
I remember the old days it brings tears to my eyes you have came far
The old school intro I might just cry wait nevermind I'm going to cry
Geez, did he swallow the mic?
I really Barney and Ross but this good.
Sabre: Me; An intellectual
Everyone: oooooooohhhhhhhh
Without you and your comedy I felt super depressed 
But know 
I feel butter
Is this the man who is going to bring back minecraft?
Hey What mods/Modpack do you use??
You’re awesome “you should feel awesome” 
Rest in Peace
Nice job mate. Your Doing Great
OMFG THE OLD INTRO I CANT WITH ALL THIS NOSTALGIA IVE BEEN HIT WITH😫
A tear appeared when i heard the original intro music. I think i can speak for all of us when I say that we missed you Sky.
Adam omg this has made my day, I miss you so much, to me you are still one of the best YouTubers and I won't stop watching them
Thanks for everything Adam. For all the memories.
THEY CHANGED THE RULES!! BLASPHEMY!!!! (jk Sky I'm glad you're back and uploading again)
YOOO fluffy and sky back together!!!
thumbnail full of crappy memes makes me nostalgic
I'm crying omfg you're back it's my childhood with worse mic quality!
The only youtubers that I only know in this video...
Jerome and Adam....
And here I thought the bone to pick joke was something Adam was gonna laugh at 😂
OMG ADAM!!! YOU BROUGHT IT BACKK!!! YOU'RE SOOOOO AMAZINGGG THANK YOUUUU!!!?!?!?
(You also brought back the intro, but I honestly missed do not laugh more..)
I've been watching for YEARS and do not laugh was my favorite series. 
Last thing, get out the bathtub lmao 😂
JERIMEEEEE OMGGGGGGG
hears intro
turns into a 10 year old
One word.






Adam
I miss Ross ^
Did he get rid of his mic when he switched to music? This is super nostalgic
Back then he had million views he get them again just gonna take time

What I really miss is his replays 

IDC what anyone says we lost a lot of good YouTubers back then for him to come back show hope for the others
Mic quality

keeps trying to turn up the volume of my phone until I realize that it’s all the way up


.__.
dude I love you but GET A BETTER M I C
omg even the fluffy is there
adam i missed this so much
It's back 😢😭😗😁 finally
i am glad your better now 
i hope you will do more things like this
Im so hyped. Myghda, Do Not Laugh is backkkkkk
I MISSED THIS!!! OOOOOOH MY HEART
The best series is back!
The classic returning :D the last thing on my wishlist is Cops N Robers
SHIIIII MAH HEART HOLY FREK MY DAMN HEART 😭😭
Got a question, does bajan still lives with jerome
We need max Barney Ross red and Tyler again
I’m a fan from so long ago, and it’s always helped my depression to see your videos
THE OLD INTRO! AAAAAAHHHH! Also, glad to see that you're starting to return to your old, cheerful, insane self that we all know and love! (But let's be honest, we're all crazy!)
IS THIS REAL OR NO IM CONFUSED
*clicks on video and immediately starts crying
Was the audio recorded in a cave? 🤔
The fact that Adam is doing alright at the moment makes me so happy
Great Sky is subbed to T Series 😣 I want the old Sky back, he did the best content back then
I miss Ross, Tyler, and awkward. I miss Sky's handwritten stories. I'm not saying that this isn't making my happy, just watching this after so long is making me nostalgic.
Wdym he is back he was never gone ;)
I can't tell you how happy I am seeing that intro omgg nostalgiaaaaaaa
(This was your chance to ask where the hell flash is from Sabre)
Oh man, I really miss the butter intro
its like arrested development, you carry on like nothing has changed after so long
2013 fan bro it feels good to see this broo 😭❤️
Hey Adam, I want you to know that I'm glad the old Adam is back. Don't worry about the fact that the views might not be staggering at first, it will build up again.
You were part of my youth, and I am glad you still are <3
4:15 I CAN HEAR YOU GALLEXY STEVE!!!
What,the're back?!?!

I want to cry right now,didn't he like quit about 3 years ago?!
I just died-the intro is back fluffy is back- hello childhood where you been
Me: oh look a new vid
Sees originalish intro
Me: oh my god when was this happening again
did sky do anything good for april fools?
mic quality is bad but i like it in a nostalgic kind of way
Omg I missed theses so much <3 this was really funny I am glad to have you back sky ^-^
I have missed Adam and have been waiting to see a NEW video. I have been watching since his first video and have subscribed for a long time
Xan you do scale jokes??
OMG u play Minecraft again?
Ur do not laugh videos made my child hood
If team crafted has a reunion ill be the most happiest person in earth
i started to cry when i saw the notification
These are literally all of my favorite you tubers 💚
the intro put the happiest tears in my eyes 😭 welcome back king
Hell yes my favorite youtuber is back
Your not the real sky he calls Jerome fluffy and his more energized
Hey just wanted to say I love you. I’ve watched your videos and quietly supported you through the years. I hope these videos bring you joy because I tend to love them still ❤️
WHAT IS HAPPENING??? WHY IS HE MAKING MC VIDEOS IM-
ITS FLUFFY (or whatever the nickname for Jerome was back in the day)
I liked the quality when it was like this for some reason, and the audio, the people-
Cops and robbers?? :3
OMG IM BOUT TO CRY RN IM SO HAPPY YOURE BACK SKY!!!
OLD intro is back and so is ADAM
Get The Ponytail in REAL LIFE 👹
Oh my god bro I’m crying right now so glad your back been watching since I was like 6
Adam, we love ya man, but we don’t need the slow-mo man.
need better mic but besides that it’s amazing
I haven’t laughed out loud in this long! Thanks dude for making me laugh
OMG that old school intro got me a little in my feels
Petition to bring back Ross
Omg sabreee and ryannnn omgggg XD
sees notification
I FEEL AS THOUGH I AM FILLED WITH THE GASOLINE OF LIFE!
So is this a reupload?????
Omfg tbh I forgot I'm still subscribed
Do Not Laugh episodes always made me laugh so hard-everytime.
Who liked every comment just because do not laugh is back. I laughed so hard from joy just because my childhood is being built back from this. Thanks sky for uploading one vid. You make my and everyone else's day great just from this one video.
Remember team craft :(
Make season 2 of the purge
Bring back the original map and rules ;-;
I miss like 2012 with ross man that was whats made everything way more funny with his story times and adam helping him out with inside jokes
AW MAN 
THE MEMORIES 
CRIES WITH JOY AND HAPPINESS
It's not the same without Ross....aka the King of Do Not Laugh!
The mic audio gives feels like ik watching this in 2014 ;w;
makes no money I LIVE MINECRAFT AGAIN BOIS
Could you record with Ross again? :D
MY CHILDHOOD THANK YOU ❤
Plays up theme (smiling intensifys)
7 years ago I subscribed to this man, god it’s been a hot minute since I’ve been on this side on YouTube
Adam I hit the notification bell and I haven’t got a notification since   Best it teachers
Ahhh! My childhood has returned!
oh, my god
its as if nothing happened
After years of knowing each other, they never seen his pony tail, wow
FINNALY ITS BACK :D:D:D
After all these years the intro the voice still haven't changed :,)
I thought when he came back to mc he said hed make it less "Family friendly pg clean"
Jerome is the only person I recognize. ;-; Glad you're back though! #NotificationSquad ?
I'm glad your back old friend
Damn that intro... brings back memories
This guy was the first Minecraft yt I witched. love your vids
BRING BACK SKY VS GAMING 

but that's ok if you dont want to I dont want to force you into something ;^;
Your mic audio is kinda bad what happened
It’s awkward without Ross or mithzan ;-;
I saw this slowly scrolling through my feed and almost died. This was my favorate series. I wanna cry ;w;
I cant be the only person who remembers when he'd always sound like that
I’m so glad the old intro is back!
Im glad you're back on minecraft i cried the day you stopped making them no cap lol
Omg it’s backkkkkkk!!!!!!
I am crying for the fact that you upload this again
SOUND THE ALARMS!!!! 
ITS BACK ITS FINALLY BACK!!!
Do x run
Rip mic and minecraft quality
Where is YouTube sensation RedVactor? Or Ross?
LMAO RECORDED IN YOUR BATHTUB?!?
You shouldve done a facecam in the bath
YES! MY FAVORITE SERIES IS BACK!
Please for the love of god bring next episode ross and max
Intro bringin back memories
OMG I LOVE IT!!
Also RIP the mic quality we all mis you
i'm literally about to cry because sky uploaded minecraft,,, wow
Minecraft really is getting revived ;’)
Old intro is da best
IM SHEdDINg TeArs
OMG, I thought this was a re upload until I saw the comments XD
my heart aches
ADAMMMM <3  YESSS
Omg my prayers have been answered 😭😭😭
hope you are alright adam
we are always support you
Adam it’s 2019.

It’s called “You Laugh You Lose”
Was this recently made or reupload?
...what happened to House_Owner?
this is not ross-me  and I’m mad max now but it’s good video XD #ross-me
I haven’t seen sky does Minecraft playing Minecraft in about 7 years. This warms my heart and it warms my heart
Omg the classic intro
He is coming back YES
I didn’t know he knew sabre! Sabre should have recorded this
It would make my heart explode if you would do more cops and robbers and a colab with Ross, those were my favorite things!
Ahh....The good ol' days
WELCOME BACK BUTTER KING!! And boi oh BOI that intro is such a welcome sight.
I’ve been watching the old ones all day and I see this and just now realize it’s newwwww ❤️❤️❤️
And you said you were done.
I missed the old sky

1 like to bring old sky back
Omfg I have never clicked on a video so quickly... He back😁 Sky is back😁😁❤❤
Oh my god I'm getting serious deja vu
OH MY GOOOOODDDDD
Glad To See You So Happy Adam (:
Yaayyyyy another DO NUT LAUGH!!!!
But like where’s my boy Ross at?
Any one having a audio problem
See sky upload 
autism kicks in
Holy shTi your back!!!
Sinlge tear bro the throwback
Happy April fools🎉
oh my god the madman  recorded in his bath
[HAPPY NOISES]
Intro brought me back
I will CRY if u play cops and robbers omg
Awe man. Just like that good old days. Loved this video and laughed so much lol Love you Adam.
So good to have you back. 
We love you (no homo)
Holy crap I got so nostalgic from this video
OMG! HE'S SHORTER XD
Let's bring back the Notification Squad! 🤘🏿🔥
I love this intro
is anyone curious to see if faverMySabre  is planning on his Assassin's Creed series
funnily enough when i first started watching you the ponytail was one of the first things i noticed.
YES FINALLY!!! I hope your doing better Adam and I cant wait for more in the future 💗
OMGGGGGG YASSSS
I will miss Ross,red,max,Barney.
I like how the jokes are secretly perv
BUT WHERES MAX, BARNEY AND ROSSSSS?????
Welcome back sky. It has been hard on us with this budder vs squid war.
Glad you’re back!
WHAT?!?!?
the boys are back in town
I MISSED YOU SKY
I missed sky’s laugh I’m so glad you’re still making vids bro
It's.... It's beautiful..... Now we just need a vanilla cops and robbers, I can die happy.
Cool you do more minecraft 




Im an old sub
I was actually tearing up, lmao like a wave of nostalgia literally just hit me omfg 😂😂😂
It's good to have you back, Adam! <3
Sounds like Kermit the frog
play with ross, Mithzan, Redvactor, and all of them
SKY JUST MAKE YOUR NAME SKY DOES MINECRAFT and BOOM INSTA VIEWERS 100% TRUST




AND WHERE IS MR APPPLE?
these are not people I know, I am scared and your mic sounds like what it was when your parkour series was a thing! I love the second part, the first part scares me
OMG IT'S BACK :DDD
Ah man that intro, the mic quality bring back so many memories of the older times of youtube and skydoesminecraft
Idk if my heart can take it if you record cops and robbers again
108 likes

no views





YouTube go home, you’re drunk
Starting over :)
The intro gave me serious nostalgia
Wow... it's been years since i watched sky....
All is we need is the crew of team crafted
4:10 IM ACTUALLY WEAK
WHY ARE YOU SUBBED TO T SERIES
my childhood as been resurrected 🙏🏻
Prison break man. Prison break.
Happy to see you back keep it up
Yay DO NOT LAUGH😂😂😂
I’m not complaining about the upload, but where the hell is Ross in this Do Not Laugh
The intro caught me by surprise. I don't know why. But I feel like, 5 years younger
That intro though! 😍
Please bring back Ross, max, and Barney!!!
4:00 best joke😂
I just noticed he has a pony tail too Jerome
YES YES YES I LOVE YOU FOR BRINGING IT BACK
i cried as soon as the intro started
Bring back room mates are walking dead plzz
He actually did it! We're back!!
Wait a minute





That's illigal
I missed this!! And the old crew!!
it just.... dosnt seem right... man times are tough
Also I’m glad do not laugh is back yessss
Can you continue purge
U gonna play with other people u worked with b4? U still friends with Ross?
It's friggin back yay
Dat boy it still lives XD
Sky I love that you are back, but you need to fix your audio
Brink back Ross and max into 1 of these please
“Well, Seymour, I made it.... despite your directions.”
I wish u would play with house owner  and Barney again..... if not it's ok but I  (and probably others) might want to see it.
Cops n robers plzzzzzz if been watching g you for 6 and a half years and I REALLY miss it tanks love the VIDS no matter what
This feels Like forced content. Not the sky i grew up with.
I missed these try not to laughs
It's Back Bois
This brought flash backs
This is like the old days... The bad footage
My heart today... First my favourite Minecraft roleplaying starts to end,  literally,  and now I'm seeing Adam do the best thing ever
[happiness noise]
I miss Ross and Barney and red
Adam, thank you. Thank you for just saving me, I don’t care if you read this, or when, but I hope it’s in a time if you need to know your self worth because you are worth so much. Since I was 8 (I’m 14 now) I’ve watched you. To be honest I remember the first time you did a unboxing fan mail and I remember thinking “I want to give him scissors but rap it duct tape so it’s extremely hard to get to wishing her had those scissors”. You made me so happy, even when you didn’t upload.  Most of my life I have had depression and there are times where I do hurt myself, but I stopped because I take a breath and try and calm myself down. And when that didn’t work I watch your videos, before I know it  I’m not sobbing, I’m not wishing I was dead, I’m laughing. I thank you because lately I’m laughing a lot. Your my hero even if you don’t see it all the time, you don’t know who I am and we’ve never met but I feel like you helped More then anyone. Thank you.
Woah nostalgia trip XD
OMG MY DAD IS BACK
Fluffy and Sky recording mincraft together, WHAT YEAR IS IT?! But for real, this makes me happy.
This sounds like an old video bc of the audio lol
Adam Should do an Adventure map with Jerome. If there are any good ones still around.
I MISS ROSS!!!!!
Quick, what year is it? 

2019!? Huh... feels like 2015 right now
Been here since the beginning I will never stop looking forward to a new viedo
You no whos to easy to make laugh,Shelby and Aphmau
Love that he just doesn't care and is recording in the bathroom😂 fabulous
I’ve been watching for years and just realised myself your character has a ponytail...

Funny video anyways 😂🤣 loved it
WE NEED ROOOOOOOOOSSSSS
Get all of Team Crafted together then do a cops and robbers on the original map please
Who else waited for this notification to just pop up, like omg
EDIT
IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT THOUGH!!!
JEROMES BACK! :D I would love to see cops and robbers or survival games next.
Oh my god this is legendary
Sky I wan mor vids
Sounds like Kermit the frog
surprised nobod in the comments mentioned THIS NOSTALGIC INTRO COMING BACK
I'm not gonna lie, I've never been more happy to hear trash audio
The 👑 KING 👑 has returned!!
Do not laugh is back, YES!!! I’ve missed this, the world just got better.
I have so many mixed feelings about all this
I cannot explain the feelings I have for him making Minecraft vids again
FAJAFAICHCIUWUEHEYSNAJAH YEYEYEYEYEYEY MY FAV MINECRAFT YT IS BACK!!
And I want more modded cops and robbers please!!!!
Trying to be nostalgic by shoving the mic up his butt
0:02 
One plate of nostalgia coming up
Sky what happened to your mic!
DUUUDEEE..... I didn't know he was back!!!
Team crafted?
Edit: Don’t think I forgot
H E ' S  B A C K
Sky’s mic sounds like he’s talking into a toilet paper roll lol
This is the happiest I’ve been in a very long time.
Omg Jerome’s back, so happy to see this 😭😭
I thought the ksi stuff would’ve made you had a better recording setup
When is Barney Ross max aphmau gonna come back with you Adam
That intro is so nastalgic
i'm crying this is too good...
I FLIPPED SEEING JEROME AND SKY TOGETHER AFTER ALL THIS TIME
I wanna see cops and robbers next please!🙂
I. Miss this. So. Much😭
Bruh yall sounding so good damn depressed
I didn’t know you had a ponytail and I’ve been watching you since 2013.
Great! Now all we need is Rose and your mic.
I knew it'd come back. Freaking called it.
YES OMGG YES
Yo sky you should bring back Earl man
So. . . familiar
My internship starts today and I was really tired, but my reward is this and my fatigue is casually melting :>
I was wondering if you can do more finish the story that was one of my favorites
I thought this was an old video 😂
Guys, I'm literally crying right now.
Would you please bring back the skyvsgaming old videos back I really miss those 🤞🙏#rossome
YEA I'M SO HAPPY THIS VID CAME OUT
i remember watching some old videos but now you sound like a completely different person i thought someone else was doing the intro.. it's most like the mic tho
;~;
Welcome back man, I was sad to see you go but I supported you. Glad to see you back.
Why is the mic quality is 2014 adam
YES I MISS THAT CRAPPY MIC
Once a legend, always a legend
Who Remembers Bacon Man
God this reminds me of such good and older times 😊
Do more stuff with Jerome
He needs a new mic
I missed this so much this used to give me the best belly laughs but we need Ross and Max
Why at you recording in your bathtub????
YAAAAASSZSSZZZZZZZZ DO NOT LAUGH
Been watching this for years hope they could reunite whit the old gang and play cops and robber
My child hood is back again!!!!
I missed this so much XD
Re-upload?
Omg its finally back yessssssssssssss where is Rosssssss????
You've been missed
This video was kind of weirdchamp
this is how we know he’s back 😌
Im crying with joy
this makes me so happy to grow up with sky and not ninja
The intro song shook me bc I haven’t heard it in a while sksk
Damn that intro tho, that’s my childhood bro
I slowly see my childhood coming back😁
Why nit facecam
so....
...
how many scales should i put you down for?
who ever disliked this vid go uninstal life u shouldnt be here everyones been waiting for this to come back
I love that this account is growing again
Mmm that intro
Your back yay I think everyone was worried I know I was
Look at channels and look at his subscriptions 😱😱😱 T series
Reach out to Tyler and Steven and let’s get the band back together
I want the rally of team crafter. And PLSSS. DO more survival series and epic jump maps!!!.
I dreamed of the day sky and Jerome would make another video together I wish I watched this sooner the feels this video is giving me
Do not laugh is back? Yea!!!
Does anyone wanna mention the fact that adam is subscribed to T Series
Hes always has a ponytail lmao
That intro reignited my childhood
WE ARE BACK INTO BUSINESS BABY! I missed Do not laugh so so so so much!!
Is it...


No...

It can’t be...




YES YES IT IS.
OMFG ITS BACK
What's been with the randon slow mo stuff?
It's been so long since he did this oh my heart is back baby woooooh
i am suddenly 10 again
oh my god its back
I miss ur vids man been with u since the John mod showcase.. I'm glad the sky army is building stronger every day.. keep up the great work and reviving my childhood 😁🤘
I’ve watched every episode and have been waiting for another thank you Jesus it came
we need to see cops and robbers
I swear, I miss Sabre and the Crafting Dead
I'm so glad ur back
The person whos hard to impress is Simon
DO NOT LAUGH YES!
My god.... It's Nostalga Does Minecraft..
Woem tac a m'I
I am utterly shook. I never thought I'd see this again
I thought I’ve clicked on the wrong video but now I’m crying because it’s a return to form
I MISSED THIS
Is this 2014 cause that mic sounds old :3
I remember coming home from a bad day of school where I was always bullied and watched your videos for hours and cried laughing and hid from my parents cause they didn't want me hearing bad words. Thank you for making my childhood, I love you Adam.
Thanks for bringing back my childhood
THE INTROOOOO OML
omG I never got a notification for this and I just saw this and like omg my childhood
Where’s the original crew tho
Can you please do some modded cops and robbers
He is back at it folks
AHHHH IM HERE AGAIN! IM SO GLAD THE CREW IS BACK TOGETHER!
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR BRINGING THIS BACK
Anyone else shed a tear when you heard the intro ?
I been having sky marathons while he was on his break
You have no idea how happy I am he posted this omg
This needs more views
You may have not laughed but it sure made you smile
Yesssssssss its back
MANDELLA AFFECT
Can you please make your skyvsgaming videos public again?
oml I miss this so much!
4:17 I would’ve preferred if he sung Yakkos world.
Sky:how many scales can I put you down for ?
Me:please do that pun in your next video
OH MY GOD YES
Cops and robbers?!😍😍😍😍
Another Finish the Story please 😁
You should’ve just ripped Jerome’s audio
I didn't know that Adams minecraft  skin had a pony-tail until like, last week...
Omg your alive
My heart can’t handle this
HE HAS RETURNED
I will literally shed sooo much tears if u bring cops n robbers back!!! I've been here sense I was 5 no lie and I'm almost 14 :((
All this time Jerome didn’t even know lmaooo xd
I've missed this
NOSTALGIA!!!
I would love for this to become a thing yet again but first and foremost I hope Adam gets better and that he'll laugh more than we do at his videos
Why did you record in your bathtub? 😂
Fluffy is Adams stand
:D he finally uploaded
OH god why........ deeerrrrrr
Oh the iconic squid and buuter
IM GOING TO EXPLODE WITH HAPPINESS
Oh my god, Its happening. Calm down. CALM F'ING DOWN.
I saw Jerome in the video and started panicking if this was an old video but nop
I wish I can play wit yall😭
MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK!!!! IM ACTUALLY GOING TO CRY 😭😭
I kinda like the bad audio, it brings back memories
THIS FUCKER ARE BACK MY CHILDHOOD OFFICIALLY NOT RUINED
Boi it BACK to the CLASSICS
the slowmotion can go tho
im not crying you are!
daedlox ples do better job reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee lol sorry im not in a good mood
I remember watching these videos on my Nook since I didn’t have a phone
0:01 SO IT WAS U???????!!!!!!
this will be true if cops and robbers is back
He’s coming home
He’s coming home 
He’s coming home
SkyDoesMinecraft is finally home!
Bro your back I say cops and robbers
Sky, did you enjoy the bath XD
OML I CLICKED AS SOON AS I GOT THE NOTIFICATION ANY ONE ELS




Btw I also make videos💕
My goal is 50.0k by the end of this year so any support would hel
YES IT'S BACK
AHH MY HEART
Im not late. Everyone else is early :P
Sky whatever you do DONT play fortnite
Aphmau should do a try not to laugh with Adam again
MINECRAFT AAAAAAAAAH
HEEEEEESS BACKKK
Was it just me or did everyone else find this video to feel a tiny bit forced.
LETS GOOOOOO ADAMS BACK 😁😁😁😁 IM HAPPY NOW
oh my lord it has been a long time
Woah okay this was a pleasant surprise
We need ross
Now we just need Ross back
I want more do not laugh in Minecraft
Holy duck I’m going to die laughing
Is this an old recording?
Let me stop crying and say play some cops and robbers pls your the mvp. The star. The god. Love you man
The audio...
this does put a smile on my face
OMG it's back
EYYYYY MY BOIIII LOVE FROM MALAY
Yesss do not laugh is back
You should do the cops n robbers series again! Those are the first videos I ever watched, made me want to buy Minecraft.
You okay?
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
My childhood is officially coming back
YYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I love this but isn’t this the exact kinda content he wanted to move away from?
OMG MY CHILDHOOD
Where’s my man the Benja?
My childhood has returned.
Omg this guy is my whole childhood.
The bad mic quality makes it so much better.
Why don’t I have his notifications even though there turned on
ITS JEROME, YES!
I’m so glad to see you
what happened to the mic
What happened to his audio
this. this is the do not laugh i remember.
Literally watching this less than 12 hours after my parents told me theyre getting a divorce... thanks Adam you're always there for me ❤
*series
Your microphone why
This takes me back
Pure chaos
OMG do not laugh is back?!
2:17 APPLE!!!!
The mic gave me so many nostalgic feelings
YESSSSSSSSSSSS OH WAIT.....







where’s Ross!?!?! 😢😭
MY HEART
Heck yes.
Damn all of us are teenagers now
cops and robbers and/or mod showcase
This is very sad D; hes so washed up
Why does Adam sound like Kermit
Though he stopped making Minecraft videos
Cops and robbers dragon mod
will there be the next midnight story?
Now the only thing missing is cops and robbers
Omg can someone go back and count how many do not laugh videos there are
If cops and robbers comes next I'm gonna cry
I am so happy that sky is back
YEEEEEES THE RETURN
inhales
exhales
inhales
ex
i started to cry after seeing this...
I've missssssed you soooooo much adim
Please continue making new minecraft videos again it's so awesome you're back so please don't go away again
I'm so confused...






Is minecraft making a comeback?
Or did I die?
Does sky still own the office?
Ohh my god
Your back at it again
YESS!!! THE SKYDOESMINECRAFT INTRO AND DO NOT LAUGH! YES! Thank you Sky for coming back we all love you and hope you the best and continue doing what you love its great to have you back!
I missed you sky
Ive started to watch him now but seeing the comments he seems like a brutaly great youtuber
9:34
I have a pen!
What?..
This is iconic
I am extremely worried for you after watching your livestream on instgram. I hope you are much better.
Yes do not laugh go Adam!
Q~Q
:'))
OH GOD YES!!!

unzip’s pant’s
Hello reverse do not laugh
I remember when i binge watch his videos like 1 years ago
I miss your deathrun videos.
No longer care for his videos.
WHO LIKE MINECRAFT
MY HEARTTTT
For the first freaking 30 seconds I thought he was making some sort of Kermit voice, then around a minute later he sounded like it again 😂😂
WELCOME TO 2014 MOFOS
Oh fans know Adam has had a ponytail or not like me
2014 flashback
MINECRAFT IS ALMOST BACK YA
my childhood is back yesssss
Yes sky is back and better
i am happy this is back
I missed this!
Awe so excited
Bring back team crafted
Happy internal screech
This is a older video
OH MY HOT POCKETS
Straight face gang wya
I thought he stopped
OMG THE NOSTALGIA
Stop scrolling for a se




łíké this comment lf u stopped scrolli

I make music btw. Tell me what u thin
Plz do a cops and robbers roleplay
When did you start playing fortnite😜

Season 0-4 łîke
Season 5-8 çōmment

I’m süßßïñg to anyone who süßs tö mę wīth ñotïfïcâtïoñs❤️💙
The quality of this is worse than your first Do Not Laugh.
JEROME IS BACK
really pulling in that nostalgia huh haha
Go back to the old editing style
ITS BACKKKK
YEEEAAAAAAHHHH AAAADDAAAAM
YESSSSSSSSSSXZZ
This is the best birthday present ever
I laughed at all of the puns XD even the horrible ones
WAIT JUST ONE SECOND he's doing Minecraft again???? (Happy noise)
Heck yes
i dont even know what that last one was but i laughed so hard XD
It would be cool if you bring Ross back to do not laugh :)
Oh my god, I’m gonna cry...
.. a d a m ...
Did you record this in a bathroom??
Face cam pls
Face cam pls
Oh god, I remember the days sitting in my basement watching these videos until I passed out
Atleast He's getting more viewers than other minecraft you tubers they usually get like 1k-20k viewers per vid
Sky get Ross back please!
Sky get Ross back please!
he has made his mic make him sound like he did in the glory days of inecrafter
He sounds sad
It’s back, and I’m happy but, I still miss Ross and Barney in these.
Anyone else want the whole gang to get back together and do a video?
Banana RoTaTe
OMG IM DOING TO CRY, MY CHILDHOOD IS COMING BACK :D
Make what you want. Well watch it anyways
I am crying.
Jerome sky all ways had a pony tail
COPS AND ROBBERS!!!!
If you like sky like this comment
Do a do not laugh with Ross! It will bring back memories
I WANT ROSS, BARNEY, RED AND MITHZAN BACK!!!!!!
I screamed when I saw this
Boys and Girls, It's back
It just showed up on my recommended
Your mics are different and recording thing look different
I haven't watched sky since I was like 8 or 9
Flooffy  chewi is bacc
the memories are flooding back
I love you videos adam
I miss Ross :(
This video hit me right in the feels
Is it just me or after sky started playing Minecraft again the actual game got resurrected
A nice piece of my mid-childhood :)
The only person I knew there was Jerome from the old cops and robber
It smells like 2011 in here.
talks through pringles can
WeReS rOsS
It’s been a while but I’m glad he’s back
get a new mic
Did you really record in your bathtub?
Are you still friends with like, ross and everyone?
This do not laugh has a very different format and I dont like it it bothers me
RETURN THE SCALES
COPS AND ROBBERS
YAAAAAASSSS
I'm happy Adam is back, but dear god what did he do to his mic
Oof the audio
Please play with MunchingBrotato
Please play with Ross and the others again plz
welcome back
the boys are back
I miss the old you.....
I want to break that mic so badly!
I am loving life
Not the same without Ross
This is kinda surreal ngl
Who else misses barney ' house owner ' hm? me!!
OMG!!!.. Do not laugh is back!.... Yeaaaaaaaa
I'm can't believe it's back I started crying instantly
Change it back to the origanal
Wait is this a new vid?
0:39 ME TWO WEEKS AGO WHILE REWATCHING A VIDEO ISTG 6 YEARS OF WATCHING SKY AND I JUST REALIZED HE HAD A PONY TAIL
Please yes! This is what I’ve been waiting for! I’ve watched the old Do Not Laugh videos over and over since you left!
Welcome back to 2011
Did he actually have the ponytail or is it just a joke that wasn't disclosed
the tears are hot
Our boy is back
WHERE IS ROSSSS
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa you’re doing try not to laugh again
This video is old SKY ARMY its A reupload
I cried a bit
imma be real, i was gonna  make a short nostalgia video of watching youtube back in 2014 so i found a way to give youtube its old format and searched up sky. watching this with the old format makes me feel like im 13 again. its very bittersweet
Omg tears
Not a big fan of the slowing down, but I am still very happy to see this! Could you change the rules back to everyone tries to make the guy in the center laugh?
Welcome back
Whats with the slow motion
Someone give this man a Washing machine!
- Sky 2019
I pissed tears
Tewtiy is alive!
Wholesome content
Its just not the same. Where's the face can lol...
Y E S
HES BACK
Get ross in on this
Stop I'm gonna get emotional
nostalgic.
Sabre yesss
Man these people are so depressing to look at
The intro brought me to life! Thanks so much ADAM! PLZ DO COPS AND ROBERS AND BRING DAWNABLES BACK!! I WILL BE THE HAPPIEST PERSON!
It's back...😍
Wait is this a remake or is this present day
Yeeeee
The fluffy
COPS AND ROBBERS PLEASW
Don't make me put on my do not laugh pants!
NOSTALGIAAAAAAA
My childhood is back
The king is back
How did I know the yeti was going to sing a sia song
Reminds me of the good old days
I don't like eating vegetables. 




I always choke on the wheelchair.
I was looking through the old pewds videos and I saw you eating cereal, happy You’re back
I miss Adams laugh, it’s one of those laughs that when you hear you just laugh
WHAT YEAR IS IT!?
Whats up with the part 2 thing?
WHAT THE FUVK AH
Adam/Sky next time can you do a scale joke.
Omg yesss
Bruh we need ross
Audio is poo.
If ross comes back I’m going to legit cry
YeS memories
wait what year is this
Better then YouTube rewind
Why is Jerome so tall?
OOOOOOOOOOO9OOOOHHHHH YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAA
I love these
I remember watching this a while ago
I'ma be honest this doesn't feel right without ross
i’m so happy that everyone is still here but we’re all just grown up. i’m going to cry.
No way
i get the serious feeling that this is old
I am so glad that Adam is back to Minecraft! I love Adam the way he is, either Minecraft or Music I love Adam the way he is, I do wish I can record with him that will be my biggest dream ever!!
You retired, just to come back
The way sky is taking I thought this was made like a year ago
This brings bacc memories
Yea do not laph is back what is with his sound  it is so weird
He has returned
So like this has been bugging me for a while but does anyone know if he still talks to max, red, Ross, and Barney?
HE'S BACK!!!!!!!!
You sacrifice your mic and camera but for your return
MY CHILDHOOD
My childhood!
This is great but it kinda sucks and i feel bad bc Adam has kinda down graded with editing and software stuff...
:D
YES
YES
Yes.
Nice Mike
Where is rosssss
1
NOSTALGIC
is this 2014? dat microphone and do not laugh :P
More gta
Like always I don’t understand the joke half of the time looks like I haven’t change just same old dumb kid but still love the vid
Nostalgia hits.
He has a ponytail
Oh my childhood is coming back😭😭😭
I LOVE IT
If you can get steven suptic to play with you i will be happy for the rest of my lif
Prison Break
Sky I've been here since 2012, why did you start making minecraft vids agen?
Ménage e trois?
Is this serious back?
SKY IS BAAAAACK
Where's ross
Wait.... it’s a do not laugh! And I’m actually here for it!!!!!
. Good job sky .
ME IS HAPPY
THE NOSTALGIA
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY
What happened to your mic
This is sad
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Go see red ... See red and it will be complete
I saw the title and shed a few tears
GASP. HES BACK O. O!?!
It’s got improvement room but just like your beginnings, I think you’ll get back on your feet!
Hunger games
WHERES BARNY
What's up with the audio
Like if he should reunite with Ross
WHAT
Thank you
Bring back Ross
Nostalgia bro
I NEEd miTch in a video
We need ross
oh ma gawd :D
butter
Oh. My. God. He's back...
Adam are you ok
how did i JUST find out hes back
Lol I'm watching this at 15 I use the watch this like 5 years ago
I like the singing yeti one
I'm happy inside now that sky makes Minecraft vids again
Yasss
I thought he deleted his channels, I’m so happy he’s back
I'd like to see a minecraft role play series like roomates.
That white creature reminds me of the Jon mod showcase he did 6 years ago
What mod do they use
Sky ran outta cash
Praise.
This isn't good anymore you need all the old guys back and the mic!!
The old ones were better.
Ok so I’m not sure if I like Sky’s unedited style or his style where literally everything is edited better...
My childhoood REEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!
The only way it can be an official try not to laugh is with Ross and that guy Barney
I’m eating lemon flavored frosting.
Mandela effect!?!?!?!?!?!
Cops and robbers
goat milk
I want Ross again
Next do not laugh, contact Ross, Mithzan, and why not Aphhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhmau
Big yes
HES BACK AND BETTER THAN EVER!?!!??!
This hit me right in the childhood
Memories
Get ross in here
why your mic bad?
yes.
Omg im sorry adam I couldn't keep track of you Minecraft vids. Ummm hope your treatments are doing well. And have a nice day.😋
If you don't know how do not laugh works you must be new....
NOSTALGIA
I'm late, but Cops and Robbers needs to happen again
adam
I uh... I just wanna thank you
YAAAAAAY
It’s back
What about fluffy
why do you sound like kermit
Cops and robbers
Cops and robbers
You back
Omg yes
Sponge.
Cops and robbers
Stop.I can only get so erect🙂😂😈😅🙂😇😃😆😁😅☺😆😃
I wish barney was there ;( goats ;((
Just a tip don’t do so much slow mo
Bring back Rossssssss
Sellout
Finally
I hope you are doing good getting back into Minecraft
Y o how tf-
Did..did I just relive my childhood?
Its back
Sky can you play with aaaaaaaappppppphhhhhmmmmaue
Bring back cops and robbers!
WHERES ROSS!?!?
adam
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
Did they just noticed that he has a ponytail
No offense Sky but that is so wrong besides I grew up with Hamtaro
Cops and robbers p l e a s e
What
LAUGH
Nostalgia unreal
More tntl
thanks YouTube for not notifying me about this
Love ❤❤❤❤
COPS AND ROBBERS PLEASE
Omg please get Ross for one of these
Is this pre recorded
omg omg omg omg omg
Jerome?
Tewtiy is still pretty cool though
Sky I’m so glad you’re back to a Minecraft I’m so happy 😁
I’m really happy that your back Sky, you where a big part of my childhood, and many of my friends, I’m glad you are back
happy dances and SQQQQQEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Hi
and that’s the Adam I remember
No.
S0sig
Hey I'm glad your back but could you please get a better mic not to be rude
Sky why are you subscribed to t series any way love your videos
Sky I'm sorry I'm a sucker for puns
HE BACC
YESS He has brought them back plz TEAM CRAFTED MUST COME BACK Adam u r the best Adam I’m sry but I was late to this vid bcs I didn’t click the bell now, I clicked it now and I have been reawaken
Oh wow, I did not expect the return of Do Not Laugh. This used to be my favorite series on YouTube! :D
:D is my favorite series back
This made my heart go owo
This is quite epic
What! Sky doing a do not laugh!? I....I.... My life is complete......
I am containing my overflowing joy right now.
Damn i remember this
nostalgia noises
There’s no shaders I can see!!
OML JEROME .
That intro holy crap. Haven’t seen that in a while.
Damn adam
Go old style. If you don't know the rules, there are four players one person in the middle. There are two ways to get a point. First person to three points wins. One way to get a point is to be the person who makes the person in the middle laugh. The other way to get a point is, if you are in the middle and you manage to make it through the onslaught of everyone's jokes, you can get a point that way. (Though that rarely happens)
Wait... Where Ross be
Where’s Barry and Ross
Anyone remember  WEEEEEEZZYY
9:18 Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the floor. Let the bodies hit the... FLOOOOOORRRORRRRR
I came
Did I just get teleported to 2012
Do you guys also remember his Minecraft roommates series he done before he quit?
Sky is back
Me: tears of joy
HOLY CRAP MY FAVORITE SERIES IS BACK

sky you have made my day, or year.
I knew watching this would give me nostalgia. 

  But nothing prepared me for that mic I almost cried, I felt like I was watching it Adam back  when he first started making videos.
Dude I missed you so much. Your videos always keep me company!
Love it but would  but the system  of making  a individual laugh  was way funnier
I thought God was playing an April Fools joke on me. But no, these golden videos are back.
You needa do these with the original crew like barney and ross
Why does Adam sound like Kermit XD
WELCOME BACK SKY!! :D
my heart just got really happy
It’s amazing to see this series again.
IT HAS RETURNED
MY CHILDHOOD IS COMING BACK
BUTTER
Y’all should do some more hunger games and stuffs
Am I a kid again dear lord
Og intro btw
Does this mean sky vs gaming is coming back
why is mic poopoo trash?
SKY HASNT LOST HIS TOUCH PEOPLE
I found this in my recommended and got hit with nostalgia. I was smiling during the whole video. :3
Can Adam do a do not laugh with aphmau again like if u agree
Sky: Posts a do not laugh
God Joined
the intro tho
SKY HAS A PONYTAIL I-
Is this real life? 
Or is this just a fantasy?
Damn bro the audio
Yasss do not laugh is back baby!!!
My heart...
wheres tyler :(
Adam collab with jess please more hide and seek
screaming like little girl AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Is this a new episode or a past? Audio sounds old
What happened to Max and ross and face cam and y bad audio
The audio feels like this is a re upload
Sky you forgot how it works?
Bring back ross
Cringe
Dear God Adam you sound like HuskyMudkip with that mic
Recorded in a bath tub well i record my videos in my closet so i think i might as well be called pwediepie
I thought the thumbnail is an April fools joke and then I saw the date and IT WAS THE 31ST WHAT
Yes I love do not laugh, you always make me laugh Adam 😄💜
Oh my god that intro gave me Nostalgia, dude this is gonna be lit with you running with the old guys
I'm glad your back adam I miss the do not laugh content thank you for Everything adam
i was expecting one of them to just say nothing until they laughed ;-;
Its just not the same without ross and max😖
OMG MY CHILDHOOD!! SO GLAD YOUR BACK!!
Why does Adam sound different?
Ah well. It's nostalgic at least.
nice it's the old intro
cries because it’s Jerome and sky
My eyes are sweating from the memories
YES IVE MISSED DO NOT LAUGGGFGGGGGHGHGGHHG
I miss ross
AHHHHHH THE OLD INTRO OMG IM GONNA CRY!! 😞😫
Sky, what happened to you?
This looks like the exact place where sky filmed a video with the guys and he sings because he got the amount of likes he said on the other video
thats it why do people dislike the video even though he just started coming back do personally hate him or something because if you do just get out
WUT yes
Mmmm finally
Adam I have a single request, I'm a headphone user and I ask of you to get yourself a good microphone alike what you had in the past, I'm not hating or anything but my ears man.

Also loving that your doing videos again I have someone good to watch play videogames.
Bring facecam back and fix ehco plz thx
I’m literally crying. The old intro, the old do not laugh set up, the old gang, a revival of do not laugh and Minecraft at the same time. Adam you are incredible.
A d a m 
GOSH I DIED EVER TIME JEEOME SAID IT LIKE THAT
Cops and Robbers would actually put me into a good mental state😂😂❤️❤️❤️
Mic quality
Ask Jess for a microphone bro !
OMG sky is definitely back baby
Oh how I missed do not laugh
Nani Nani Nani Nani
Bro this brings me back. I don't even really like Minecraft too much except to make cool building occasionally, but my friend and I both re-watch all of the do not laughs and what-not. It's not the same without the gang, but it's good to have you back.
MY CHILDHOOD :’(
i like the new do not laugh rather than the old one lol
Adam if you wanted to you should make another cops n robbers
YES.
Nostalgia hits me hard
Dude let’s get another rp
Finally
Do not cringe*
Barney, Ross. i miss them
I know this is late, but I almost cried when I got thr notification.
Almost crying now that I can watch it.
This brings back so many memories.
Sky just play with callmecarson already
This was not expected. I am really confused to see this posted buy hey do as you feel! 😂
Omg the intro made me so happy
Please do Cops and Robber
Play Minecraft vr
SKYYYY😢😭😢😭😢😭😢
team crafted is back first sky is back then ty now jerome
Where’s House Owner?!?
Omg ok so I’m so glad he’s back js🤩
YAAAAAY DO NOT LAUGH IS BACK!!! Btw don't force youself to make things you don't want ok
I'm glad adam is backkkkk... butteeeerrrrrrr!!!!!!!!
The old cops and robbers
Yassssss FavreMySabre!!! And ADAM!!! WOOHOO
Yay!!!!
Can anyone tell me what happened to his previous little group that he played everything he did with like Ross barney etc.
We have to go back to u played do not laugh with Barney ,max, Ross , and red
FACECAM PLSSSSSS
I’m not gonna ask...
Where's Ross?
Adam: Laughs at wiener
Me: Laughs at Adam Laughing at a wiener
Also me: Is happy Do Not Laugh is back
I guess i'm the only one who noticed that Sky got his "Smile" back!, His yt profile pic now has its smile back BIG, and the thumbnail has a smirk smile compared to his recent mouthless thumbnails! Awesome Adam, i'm glad you're doing good man!
Oh
My
God!

Is this for real?!

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa :D
I thought he quit Minecraft

My mind is BLOWN😮
My last name is Sabre. Also great video, Sky! :)
Can you do one with Ross,Barney, Max and redvactor again?
aaaaaaHHHH YES THAT INTRO OMG IM CYING
adam you really gotta stop recording in the toilet
I’m crying!! I NEED TISSUES!!!
Bring back Ross, Max, Bernie, red
The mic quality died overtime
(Cooked in my bathtub)
someone should mention the poor kebab shop
wait...your still alive?
Adam, I admire you very much. You're a funny person, and you bring joy to many. I'm glad to see one of these videos again. They make me laugh (ironic, cuz they're called Do Not Laugh Videos), and I missed them. 


But I am a little confused. Last I heard, you said you were trying to take care of yourself for a while, and you were done posting videos about minecraft for a while, so this video surprised me, along with your other minecraft videos lately. 


Not hating, just wondering: Is everything ok? Are you doing better?
The god has returned!
what happened to Ross and Barney and Jim Bob and aphmau and Max what happened and why did you change try not to laugh  those are my only questions Adam?
Even the video is a low quality. Man this is a nostalgia trip
Where do you find these guys?
Well I didn’t know he got back to Minecraft, well this is interring
Yo adam ik its a bit late but I hope you get well 
I hope and pray for your future
You have made peoples lives as you made mine thank you for your content the you dish out everytime
God bless
gotta love hearing adam laugh 😊
AH CMOOOOON STAPID AS FKIN NOTIFSSS
THIS MADE ME LAUGH SO MUCH IM CRYING IM CRYING
I've missed this soo much!!!😭😭😭
Holy shid its a Do Not Laugh
i can’t tell if this is a reupload and i love that
Audio quality tho
#bringbackmunchingbrotato
#bringbackross
You should change it to sky does stuff
Im starting to wonder if fluffy is blind cause he didnt notice sky didnt have sun glasses but eyepatches lol
that intro was my childhood
What is/are the mod/mods you are using
Ik it has been a while since you did a do not laugh, and normally I would laugh, but I didn't find anything funny to laugh about. It may be because of your new concept, but can you bring back the one where you need to make the person in the center laugh. Please
Back a couple years ago 
I use to be a really famous Minecraft YouTuberrrrrr
i cant today
Do a cops and robbers
I'm bout to cry guys i just got a huge blast of nostalgia I'm beyond happy-
Hey sky, maybe I am late to the party but why aren't you filming (Do Not Laugh) with Red and Ross anymore?
Ok
HEY SKY GLAD YOU’RE BACK MISSED YOU SOOOOOOOOO FLUFFING (Love me Youtube) MUCH
Get Barney Ross and Red back together Adam
he should have uploaded it on April 1st, because jokes
Red Dead Redemption 2 Roleplay Series.
You should try to get huskie Batman and Bajan back
Dude i love the mic quality, ahh nostalgia
0:27 fluffy!!!! It's been sooo long!!
Oh god my heart with the old intro--
THE SERIES IS STILL ALIVE, I LOVE YOU MUCH PLEASE KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! :D
What is the part 2 video he posted?
My favourite series has returned
Love the videos but the mic  sound is a bit off
All we need now is a minecraft mod showcase and the stars will align
aa A A  A  A AA A A A  A AA A  AA  A A A AAAAAAA
U should do more mod showcases, i think people would love jt
You should get Barney and Jess and everyone back
Was this a reupload or in a bathtub?
Oh yeah sky is back
🤩
My God has Minecraft chhhaaannnggeeeddd
I saw Hamtaro so I clicked.
😂 great video Adam 
Love ya 💜
Damn 

Even his videos look like they are old

But this is getting interesting and intresting
DNL IS BACK BOIS PRAISE THE BUTTER GOD.
o 

m

g
Oh I thought this was another 'best of', but its a nEW DO NOT LAUGFF :'DD
Omg this is amazing my childhood is here again
All the do not laugh sky always laugh now he can control it
Yessss
I thought it said 12 years ago
Damn adam bringing back the old voice recording
I miss Ross
Memories
I want to see jesus
Sky kind of sounded like Kermit
My childhood
The quality of your mic is worse than the quality of my youtube videos when im watching.
I was 13 when I stated to watch your videos now I’m 16 and this video has taken me back to the old days !!!
What is this
I’m so happy
My dad finally came back from getting milk
Sky: ”I’ll see you later recruits!”

Me: Am I ever getting out of boot camp? It’s been 6 years
Hey sky, i am not a random 8 year old anymore typing in all caps on your videos anymore. Being extremely toxic to random people on the internet but i use to watch these videos a massive amount as a kid and you got me into Minecraft that thereby got me into Programming and making Plugins Mods, Engines and Games in a way i have you to thank for that. I became a Devolper on multiple servers and almost became a Dev at Mineplex.

You are not going to see these through the massive amount troll comment's of soon to be dead memes and "Thank god i grew up with Minecraft", you very clearly don't do this for the money this video has a large amount of View's and you could most likely milk it for all its worth for a very long time. 

These videos have given me a massive amount of happiness throughout my life and i hope whatever struggles you go through or whatever else, that literal millions of people have found comfort and possibly solace within your videos. It slightly cringes me to say this but here is to the Butter Army and of the Conquering of the Squids.
"Diorite... There's new stuff..."





Diorite was introduced like 5 years ago. Never change, Sky
My childhood has started reassembling itself 





Thanks
Skydoesminecraft is back.
My childhood is back.
The best youtuber is back.
R friend is back.
I missed u sky.
You think we dont wanna watch? 
this video is literally the best thing that has ever happened to me, thanks for everything
YouTube recommended does a good thing for once.
2016: meh, you're play minecraft
2018: better than fortnite
2019:you're play minecraft, that sick son
Adam, you and CallMeCarson are becoming the reason for the revival of Minecraft. And god bless you for it. I’ve never had so much fun back on a game since Minecraft. And you’re bringing it back, it’s amazing. Thank you.
This feels exactly like an old video how did he do that
only the real g's remember when his name was "Sky does Minecraft"
Me: searches sky does Minecraft just cuz 

Sky: is doing Minecraft again

Me: oh, hi nostalgia
SkyDoesMinecraft missed:

-Pillagers
-Ravagers
-Smithing Table
-Fletching Table
-Cartography Table
-New Villagers
-New Textures
-Vindicator
-New Furnaces
-Bell
-Barrel
-Campfire
Nobody:

Skydoesminecraft: *uploads

Childhood: Look at all this butter
We can't even be mad about the fact that he doesn't fully understand the new things in the game. It just proves he was and now again is our SkyDoesMinecraft. We've grown up to come back. Just relax while playing, Adam. I've already thanked you for the past.
Some people are here saying
 "oh my God my childhood is back don't leave again"
 but the thing is...
for me at least...
I never felt like you left....
when I was younger and watching your Minecraft videos,
 I was happy...
about a year or so ago....
I discovered I have depression...
but...
I had your music to listen to...
and it made me happy......
and now....
you've come back to Minecraft....
and you're getting help at the same time as I am finding ways to cope.... 
we're both healing....
so....in realitiy....
my childhood never left me....
It grew with me...
And it'll keep growing with me...
It will guide me on my journey to adulthood....
Thank you Adam for being the person that I look up to...
Thank you for being the person who I called my angel during rough times...
You were my angel Adam,
It was like you lifted me off the ground onto my feet again....
Then taught me how to fly...
Keep being yourself Adam....
Because you've been so many people throughout your life
so many masks...
alter egos of who you are inside 
 Sky...
Netnobody...
Adam....
I can really tell Adam, that you're almost there...
With the help that you're getting...
The words you're venting....
I can finally see the true Adam inside you coming up for air...
And I know that you won't let him drown....
Because you're strong enough to protect him...
I'm so proud of you Adam....
We're all proud....
You've grown so much as a person...
And the loyal one's who've stayed have grown with you...
We stayed with you...
Because when we watched your videos....
we were never there for Minecraft...
or "Sky"....
we were there for you....
the real you...
because that's the you we truly love.....
That's the you that truly made our childhoods....
And that's the you that we know will never leave us....

We love you Adam 

And,
 as a long time member of the Skyarmy....
I salute you sir...
welcome home...


Sincerely, with all the love I can give,
-Amelia
YAY! YOUR BACK! claps WE MISSED YOU! 
edit : THE BUTTER KING HAS RETURNED!
I'll be honest with you Adam...the very moment I heard your voice I burst out into tears....
DID HE JUST END WITH I'LL SEE YOU LATER RECRUITS? THE NOSTALGIA IS REAL
4:05 has flashbacks of the squid war. THE SQUIDS ARE ON THE LAND.
Holy heck its like i got hit with the 2012 stick. Honestly didn't know how much i missed these videos. Love you dude,no homo, hope you keep making these because you are the most awesome.
Your Back Sky A miss You You were my favorite Youtuber I still remember The Videos From 2013
*Sky starts getting scared of the squid*
Me: H o l y S h i - How does he react with go- butter?
Thank god I grew up with skydoesminecraft and not ninja
Edit: Thank you guys so much for the likes. I really appreciate it.
"I'll see you later recruits!" 
Me: 'Burts immediately into tears of joy' Its good to have you back Butter King! Never change and if you do only change for the better of yourself.
Not many people you're back yet. YouTube hasn't really done its thing yet
But, what happened?
Your music career okay?
He protecc, he attacc.... but most importantly,
You can place double chests next to each other now. Yes. Mind blowing.
The Nostalgia rate is through the roof 

Muh Childhood it’s back
I'm glad you came back man I don't want to sound un greatful but   modshowcases?
What you've missed:
Phantoms
Coral
Seagrass
More fish
Shipwrecks
Arrows with affects
Dolphins
More stairs
More slabs
New textures
Diorite
Alot if redstone updates

I fricken love you skyy
When you aint watched skydoesminecraft since you were 10
He’s thanking us when he’s the guy that made our childhoods...
DID SOMEONE TURN BACK TIME OR IS LIFE GETTING GOOD???
Came from the meme,
stayed for the nistolgia
Everyone: Yes Minecraft is back!
Me: He made a Gurren Lagaan reference. Noice.
Watched technoblade beat minecraft hardcore with a steering wheel, then watched Sky say diorite was new.
And yet i've never been happier.








Oh yea also pvp is bad now, just a so-you-know.
You have missed the Update Aquatic-1.13, and 1.14 - The Village And Pillage Update came out a few days ago
And this is were I learned all my swear words when I was younger
"I'm afraid to come back because I'm really scared that nobody will want me back."


Damn it, man! I came here to be nostalgic, not to cry! Of course we want you back!
We love Sky, always have done, always will do!
Adam: * plays Minecraft again * 

Everyone:        :O

Adam: 
The Return of The King
SKY IS BACK
TIME FOR HIM TO REVIVE MINECRAFT
WE MISSED THE REAL SKY also you should change your name back :)
Sky you accidentally said sub to T-Series

Oh you
Not gonna lie I'm having flashbacks to the chicken roommate from ep1 like very first minecraft video you ever made.
This has...
An interesting background track...
Omg sky... yo I’m so glad YouTube brought me here again after 4 to 6 years from watching you, I used to LOVE WHACHING YOU, me and my brother used to come home everyday after school and wach what you’ve uploaded the most remembers or was the cops and robbers Giant jail with the ship outside and the bridge, I really hope you keep this Minecraft series going, Minecraft is making a comeback recently and is growing every day I hope to see you in my feed again and as alwease since I first watched your videos still subscribed, I wish you luck with your depression I’ve been there I love you man, make Minecraft the relief of your soul I LOVE YOU keep on going 😄
Adam: Returns to Minecraft
[Everyone liked that]
A Minecraft let's play? In 2019?!
My heart… My soul... I'm gonna need a moment
been watching since like 2012 and i still remember that stuff im so happy you´re uploading you were my childhood and i love it 
hope you´re doing great we all love you man
Me: minding own business 
Sky does Minecraft: makes Minecraft 
Me: suddenly 7 again

Edit: Wow 400 likes thank you guys so much
"ive been dealing with depression" [Happy music playing]
My question is did he make the fps lower to bring back the 2012 vibe?
Skydoesminecraft: Does Minecraft
No body:
Skydoesminecraft: How do you play minecraft?
Omg this brings back sooooooo many memories. Thank you for giving me butter and childhood
Man, no matter how much he changes he still makes minecraft entertaining. He starts playing again and his commentary switches. It's like deep down he has a "minecraft mode" in his brain :)
3:48 Let’s praise the sun
For so many years I have been waiting for this, you're finnaly back sky....
Updates
You can't swing wildly anymore, gotta time it with the tiny recharge bar.
You need to sleep or the insomnia stingrays come for your booty.
Axes are a viable weapon
Crossbows exist
Hostile villagers exist in woodland mansions
Aquatic zombies/desert zombie variants exist
Coral, kelp and fish exist.


Welcome back, commander. We've missed you.
I can't believe I found myself cheering when you attacked the squid.
Actually out-loud cheering.
Don’t quit man your legacy can’t end here you said it yourself ‼️‼️‼️ don’t give up skyarmy needs a General ‼️‼️‼️‼️
Oh, my gosh. I used to watch you ALL the time. I'm so happy you're back!! Missed you so much. And, we're here to support you, don't you ever worry about that. God bless.
Welcome back Adam! 3:30 Starts yelling a a bird. 6:30 starts killing a squid and reuniting the squid torture.
Bro I was 12 when I started watching you now and I’m 18 dang time sure flies.
To all 467 people that disliked this as of me writing this: please die
Thank you for making me the man that I am, I've been here for 7 years. And I've waited for this moment for a long time.
SkyDoesMinecraft uploaded
Everyone will remember that


Nostalgia increases into 100
I'm glad you are getting the help you need. I'm transgender female to male and I used to watch you before I transitioned. I got the help I need. I have depression as well and I'm glad to see you helping yourself. Much love bro, no homo.
Updates:
Aquatic update - Fisshhh, Drowned, coral, ships, treasure maps, dolphins (I think), turtlessss (I think that’s it)
More animals (I don’t know if it’s on pc and Xbox yet) - Pandas, cats (more colours and stuff), parrots? (Does he know about that?)
More blocks - Scaffolding thing, coral, bamboo, kelp seaweed thing, yeah idk what else.

Note: I did this from memory don’t come at me
YO! Please more! Also maybe try some modded minecraft survival
The Return Of The King
I love you on another level ;-;

Childhood, is that you?
Welcome back, childhood!
I missed u so much ;D
Been here since Skyarmy vs Broarmy, I wouldnt had made a youtube account if it werent for you
The Return of the King
I almost had a panic attack as soon as i saw this
Well, I’m 19 now, but I feel like I’m 13 again
The Man, The Myth, The Legend, is back.
Yo! I’m in treatment as well for depression.. got those cuts in my wrist, still play minecraft. Just pretend that I’m happy :( 
Hope you the best but I’m still sticking to your videos since the start of the cops and robbers series <3
We're all Glad you're back SKYDOESMINECRAFT!
Hope everything works out for you.


Also, you can't spam swords anymore. They do less damage like that. You missed many new mobs as well as many other things.
i missed this, oh my god AHAAHA ❤️
i wish you the best of luck getting the help you need, WE LOVE YOU ❤️
Finally My ChildHood Is Back Thank You Sky :D
MY HEART AHHHH THE NOSTALGIA IS SO NICE
I miss your old minecraft showcases 
Rest in Piece butter king
RIP old intro
"This is new!!"
Adam. That's old there are MORE new stuff.




Way more
Your my favorite youtuber and watch out for phantoms if you don't sleep for about 5 days thay will atk you thay have as much heath as one of those dark villagers at dark wood mansions (good luck)
Its makes me smile so much of how sky still hates squids
I just want to know how your journey is going so far hoop you will get better sky 👍 ❤
Fortnite players that disliked this should be ashamed.


p.s. don't forget about bedtime
The only Minecraft let’s play I will genuinely watch in 2019
he protecc
he attacc
but most importantly...







he is bacc
So glad to hear that your starting to take care of yourself again, welcome back sky
I remember ur original playlist when your first ep was when you created a little cave under the sand that's surrounded with cactus... man good old times🥰
omg your back you
 always been my fav youtuber even when you stopped minecraft
I'm almost crying seeing you back man, I was just a cringey ten year old back then and now, jeez man its good to have the king back
Now that all the toxic kids are on fortnite and apex mine craft is a much better place. YouTube really needs a mine craft revival.
5 years, we still love you (but no homo tho)
garbage meme, you didnt have arial letters flash on the screen that said ADD or joke about "gettin eood" even once
omg his back, yay please dont stop
The return of the king
RETURN OF THE KING
I feel slightly weird for reverting back to the old all caps comment but...
WAS THAT A GURREN LAGANN REFERENCE?
Seriously that was so cool.
The return of the King
I like how everybody down here are actually older than the target audience but all of us don’t care because all we want to do is have nostalgia and support the man who made our childhood.
New update that happened when you were gone: a new game mode called “survival”
WE LOVE SKY
And you missed a lot
Yes! I love this great job Adam hope you know we well always support you!!!
We've missed you Sky
my friends and I are still SkyArmy
Hope you get better man btw I loved your video 🙏🤙
Skydoesminecraft is back 
My childhood is back 
Bring Ross , Barney,  and red back 
Make maze runner season 2 , do not laugh , and roommates and keep up the good work bro
I remember having my username on litteraly everything that lets you have a username set as "sky2"
Saw this video on my recommendation section and I thought it was an old video, but I was wrong.
You missed:

DROWNEDDDDDDDDD
My god.... I never thought I’d see this again!
 
I started watching you when I was like 8, and now I’m 15

This is like a huge nostalgia trip
Hope u feel better i will comment everyday starting now to help u 😘😘😘
I LOVE YOU SKY, I WANT EVERYONE BACK. I MISS TEAM CRAFTED ;(
I relate Adam, I am currently stuck in the seemingly endless void that is depression and going through lots of different medications but you have to keep going on for those people that you love and who love you back.
God man it's so good to see your mc content back! I missed your personality in-game and watching you mod showcases, especially the older ones hah
welcome back sky we all missed you
what if one day, minecraft had a huge comeback and everyone started playing again. like wouldnt that be cool
That Fresh Prince of Belair reference though 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Its been way to long, I'm glad to see you're back, i look forward to seeing more Minecraft videod
Sky u might not know who I am but I am a old fan I came back to congratulate you how well you are doing.


PS   butter
BROO U ARE MY CHILDHOOD BEING BACK BUTTER who remembers butter
Skydoesminecraft: Does Minecraft again

Everyone: *gasps*. ADAM
Hey Adam, bro I have been watching you since 1k subs, and I am super glad you are feeling better. Hopefully someday I et to meet you. Till next time, peace
It's the minecraft renaissance bois


I was there as a sub in 2012, and I'll be one going forwards.
"nobody would want me back"

not true

yikes
Missed you vro🙏🏾I wish you the best
How many many people like sky click 
⬇️
I missed you adam, you are one of the few that got me playing video games. I thank you, so so much. Thank you. glad your back.
I appreciate you, Sky. You were my childhood back in the day thank you for just being you 👍
A giant flying burnt hamburger!
No! Not burritobrine!
Come on stickman, we will travel the world as a team- AAAAAHHHH!




He's back boys.
you shouldve narrated the squid dying, thatd make me cry and laugh at the same time
me: omg this is great
me, 2 minutes later: you,,, you're gonna lose your crafting table,,,
sky: walks right past it
me: a D a M
You NEED to join CallMeCarson's smp server
roomates seasone 4 pls sky
Don’t go without sleep for over 3 days. Phantoms will spawn if you do.
Return of the king
Adam, I may be older (like 5 years or whatever older), I still look up to you. Sure, I don’t want to be a YouTuber anymore, but you showed me that you don’t have to be one to be successful. You’re doing music, a type of art, and I want to pursue art, inspiring me and showing me that your dreams are possible now despite what others might say.

All in all, we look up to and love you Adam. Stay strong. You’ve inspired people across the world, so do what you do best and what makes you happy <3
The return of the King
I would definitely watch you again i need people to watch and concerning your heath the best way i can do is watch
Sky, axes are more powerful than swords now, but they swing slower
"See you Later Recruits." Still get chills hearing that after so long. Glad to have you back man. I'm glad you're getting help with everything and that you chose to come back. I'll always follow you Adam. I never thought I'd see you back. But it's always good to have you with us.

By the way I love your music.
Return Of The King
I remember sending Sky fan mail when I was 8, I was always trying to see if my fan mail got opened on video 😂
You should add a mod we’re their are toilets
It’s good to have ya back buddy. It’s been a long, long time..... :)
Sky: "Is that a Salmon?
glances over at squid
Sky: PTSD intensifies



I also love it when he looks at features that have been in the game for many years such as salmon and diorite and starts asking if they're new features.
Sky, besides the other YouTubers, you've been a longtime favorite and I'm happy to see u back.
The last time I watched Sky play Minecraft I was 12. I'm 18 now. 






How and why do I feel old...
Bro I’m so happy for you
I love your vids and Minecraft vids your the best expressly the chicken the Minecraft vids do better than for tonite yaaaaaaaaay
The return of the king
The return of the king
“I feel like no one will want me back” 
BREAHHHHH WE ALWAYS WANT YOU BACKKKKKK
Hello, welcome back. We all missed you :)
We missed you sky welcome home
NOW WHO LIKE MINECRAF
this reeks of classic, and it's amazing..
THE PHYSICAL RETURN OF CHRIST
Who still loves Minecraft deep down in their hearts♥️♥️
Sky: o look gold 
Younger self: BUTTER
Sky, i love watching ur vids and i loved this one, keep doing what you love man!
Start making a village.
Its possiable if you have the houses, and bells
Agh the flashbacks to when I was little watching you. It's great lolol
literally can make a bed from the three sheep in front of him
Him: 2:40
We love and missed you welcome back <3
Sky,ive watched you since i was 7 and you always helpped me and ive had depression for longer and you really helped,Im here with you to the end and the rest of the sky army
i still remember "hiding" that i was watching you cause you swore
Sky the army wants to let you know we love and support you 
Like to show your support
(I'm only doing this cuz u can't like a video twice)
The upside of being gone is that you get catch up. The hard way.
Ohhhh how I missed this 😭❤️
Also if you sprint underwater you can swim faster
SkyDoesMinecraft is back
Club Penguin is back
I bought myself a box of caprisuns today
Time to live in nostalgia
THE RETURN OF THE KING
I used to stay up late (10:00pm) on my original iPod watching ur vids, when u started doing the cops and robbers
3:56 sky sees a squid, SQUID INTENSIFIES
Just wait till he encounters phantoms for the first time

Edit: Ok WOW 238 likes that's way more than I've ever gotten on a YouTube comment before
The nostalgia tho

Edit: lol I remember this stuff for the majority of my childhood, it’s good to see you start over Adam.👍🤘
Adam: I quit minecraft 
Also Adam: Sky Does Minecraft Episode 1 : New World 2
I know your great in mincraft but can you beat Dandtm?
Hey sky good to see you back. This comment will probably be ignored, but here's what's been added and removed from around where you left off in the 2017-2018 range:




1.11 was the "Exploration Update", focusing on giving players more stuff to do in the overworld.

-A new villager type has been added. Cartographers help you find maps for mansions or ocean temples
-Big structures found in dark oak forests named Woodland Mansions can spawn very rarely. To find these, cartographer villagers sell maps of them as their final trades. Woodland mansions feature new mobs and rewards.
-Illagers (evil villagers) spawn in woodland mansions, and come in two forms as of now: evokers and vindicators
-Evokers are villagers that have iron axes to slash you when entering the mansion, which cripples your shield on hit.
-Vindicators are mini-bosses of the woodland mansions, and around 2-3 spawn in each. They use magic to hurt the player, spawning things like balls, spikes and Vexes. On death, they drop Totems of Undying
-Vexes are small angel things that protect Vindicators and can fly through walls
-Totems of Undying are special items which cause players to cheat death by healing and gaining extra hearts on death. It's a one use item, though
-Llamas have been added and don't really do much aside from spitting at you and holding a chest or two
-Curse enchantments have been added which give players optional challenges like not being able to take off armor or weapons, or some other stuff that I can't remember
-Shulker boxes can be crafted from stuff that drops from shulkers. They're fancy chests
-Observers are redstone machines that watch for a change and send signals based on one
-There's now more than one way to get out of end cities


1.12 was the "World of Color" update which added many decorative blocks as well as a refined crafting system.


-Parrots have been added and spawn in jungles, and can be tamed using seeds. They imitate mobs near them and fly to your shoulder sometimes.
-Concrete powder can be crafted with things like sand and gravel, and makes Concrete when it touches water. Concrete can be dyed in all the regular colors depending on the dye used to craft the powder

-Hardened clay has been renamed to Terracotta. When dying and then smelting this block it turns into Glazed Terracotta, a beautiful block that can be arranged to make many patterns. Here's some patterns to see: 
-Many small updates that add up to nice changes, try to look these up if you care

1.13 is the latest update; the "Update Aquatic" which added stuff to oceans mainly.

-Kelp is gained from oceans and I guarantee it's everywhere, it can be eaten for half a hunger bar I think

-You can now fast swim by sprinting while underwater
-Coral reefs don't do much, but they look pretty
-Dolphins have been added! They give you "Dolphin's Grace" when near them, which makes you swim much faster. If given raw cod, they lead you to treasure
-Shipwrecks have been added and have a few underwater goodies for you to grab in their chests. This may include hearts of the sea which are important
-Treasure maps can be found in shipwrecks and lead to buried treasure and can also contain goodies and hearts of the sea
-New fish mobs have been added, as you see in the water with the salmon. There's four types that you can see like that; Cod, Salmon, Pufferfish and Tropical fish
-Turtles have been added and can't be tamed, but can be bred to make baby turtles which on growing to an adult, drop scutes
-Turtle helmets can be crafted from scutes. These helmets give an infinite water breathing enchantment to players who wear it
-Sea grass spawns in oceans, and is used for breeding turtles
-A type of zombie called the Drowned now spawns; they function as regular zombies that can't drown and do more damage. Occasionally, they'll spawn with a trident, giving them a ranged attack. They can drop their trident on death
-Phantoms were voted in Minecon 2017 to be the mob added in the game out of four choices. They're flying mobs that spawn if you haven't slept for 3-7 days, swooping down to hurt you if you're exposed. They drop phantom membranes which repair Elytra wings
-Tridents can very rarely be looted from Drowneds, and do the most damage in the game. They also have enchantments like having them coming back to you when thrown, and lightning striking where they land. However, they have low durability so Mending on them is recommended
-Turtle potions can be made somehow though I don't remember how. They give slowness IV and resistance III when consumed
-Slow falling potions do what they say and can be made from phantom membranes
-Conduits are player made blocks similar to beacons in that they buff you a lot. They're made from hearts of the sea and can only be placed underwater. By putting more blocks near it in a certain fashion, they'll hurt any mob in a certain radius and can buff your swimming and mining speed as well as helping you breathe forever underwater in the radius
-Pumpkins now have to be sheared in order to get their classic face

There's a couple other stuff added in these updates that aren't as big but that's the big stuff that happened. Hopefully you read this and it's very good to have you playing MC again
Also updates have been insane, basicly a ton of new ... Everything, the ocean update changed water phisics(i know i cant spell) villiges are later getting huge updates and the games gotten alot smoother to play but a bit harder with the addition of drowned, and phantoms .
Drowned are water zombs and phantoms are creature that fly around and attack when u no sleep (basicly at night)
I haven’t seen sky acknowledge his hatred for squid in a very long time. Big rush of nostalgia right there
For me I think it's good that your joining YouTube again. I think that means that your finally ready to move on with your life (that's not supposed to be in a bad way but in a good way). You keep fighting, man.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Looks like i can stop taking cold showers and crying at night, because fathers back
Bro you are finally back bro i watched you for years bro we love you we would never be mad og abd btw am i out of bootcamp yets?
I am so glad that I stuck around to see you recover <3 I hope to see you laugh and smile a lot like the old days. Love you so much this is so emotional.
My 11 year old self just traveled into the future to punch me in the gut. This was the biggest wave of nostalgia I’ve felt in a while.
We all love you Sky. And we’re happy to have you back. Thanks for making our childhoods great.
Omg my childhood I’m cry 😭 the nostalgia
Yasss minecraft 😂
Nice to see u back sky xxx
You're a little early for April fools there
hey man, your back thats all that matters. no hard feelings.
You made so many people happy over the years SkyDoesMinecraft, you made mine and all of our childhoods 

So if you're ever having a bad day, just remember all the people you made so happy SkyDoesMinecraft
I missed this. 
I missed you.
Welcome back sky.
Try to find bamboo it makes stocks and is helpful
Good luck with treatment :D
the return of the king...
Hey father Adam. Welcome back home.
These chill vibes are what everyone needed, including yourself. We're all glad you're ok. Welcome back, Sky :)
I'm 17 now and I still love your videos, really funny keep it up
My milk finally came back from getting my dad
BUTTER DADDY THE RETURN, yAy. Also enjoy the Minecraft updates, they're awesome.
This is the epitomy of nostalgia
I watched your videos many years ago. Mod reviews, cops n' robbers, hide n' seek, etc. This brings me back to the days when you hated squids and loved budder. I'm glad you're back.
Does this mean laughing hysterically in my bedroom alone again? I think yes
Alright nice ima play Minecraft and watch you again. This is litteraly the best. Thank you so much for this
So happy youre back sky. I remmember you being my first minecraft youtuber. Just you and deadlox and Ethen
hey, used to watch you a lot back in the days. Just wanted to say thank you for giving me all the laughs and good memories. From mod reviews to parkour with deadlox, we appreciate you.
OMG I MISSED U U MADE ME CRI
3:03 "Look at this... BIRD!" - Adam, 2019
I'm so glad you're back. I've been there from the start and I've loved everything since, and I'm glad you're coming back after all this time. (But if you decide this isn't what you wanna do that's cool too, do whatever you want)
you don’t even know diorite was added?
adam.
adam.
i feel like no one will want me back 11mil subs later
Sky welcome back and I'll never stop watching your videos as long as you upload them
is this real?
I-is he back? 
Legit crying rn, I've grown up around watching him, and his back 😭😭😭
sky you missed gekyumes circumcision
Adam: I'm done with Minecraft.
Adam:
Adam: lol jk


(this is meant as a lighthearted joke, please don't take it too serious :) )
Your such an inspiration for me and my videos! Hope you feel better soon!
So are you gonna find that pumpkin
This actually warms my heart. You were a big part of my childhood. I love you sky
Hey you should play ark trust me its a good game
Sky listen I have been with you since 150 subs your the funniest man alive
The squids have taken over team crafted.
me: congratulations you played yourself
SKY WE NEED YOU BACK TO FIGHTING SQUIDS
me and the new peaceful ocean mobs have been destroying them and it's getting overwhelming.
i'm 100% serious
Yeah, but where's runescape gods exposed?
Your back I'm telling everyone
I suggest making your Minecraft video not family friendly at all...or like maybe one video
ARE YOU SUBSCRIBED TO T-SERIES
Ok sky siince you asked here is a list of stuff you might not know now:
New weapon trident like a spear mod
Turdles and dolfins
Sunked ships and ruins
Buried treasure
Conduits that are like underwater beacons
Theres alot
Only OGs remember the first series 😤😔
I’m old asf
Omg iv missed watching these Minecraft episodes
SKYYYY WE WILL ALWAYS COME BACK......you should make some do not laughs
Thank you so much for returning.
My childhood renewed?

I appreciate you bro.

Nothing but love 
Did you just say PRAISE THE SUN?\[T]/
befard of da PHANTOM MENIS
MY FIRST YOUTUBER IS BACK. SKY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH PLEASE NEVER LEAVE AGAIN
You should do a colab with chimney swift.
i remember watching your videos, and i hope you get the entirety of team crafted back together
The one thing I remember from SkyDoesMinecraft was the godamn butter. God I miss those days
Yes I am glad you are back
Didnt he say something like “yeah i played with blocks, but it was only for the money” 😂
And why is this in my recommendations
Blocks
Mobs
Swimming Fish
Game settings
Return of the King (2003)
Sky protec
Sky attac
But most importantly
He giv our nostolgia bacc.
Good luck with treatment!!!
I remember my mom not letting me watch you. I would hide just to watch😂
Glad you're back. I missed you Sky.
Jesus I havent watched him in years even named my xbox account after him
Wow, I remember when you played with 2 other people on that flying island. Cool stuff man keep it up.
It's awesome to see you're back! The nostalgia is real right now omg. But in all seriousness you're doing a really good thing for yourself doing treatment and bettering yourself. We believe in you man!
You have to go back to the first first episode. Make your underground base - and bring back your chicken partner !!!! Glad your back !
Ive been waiting years to say this again...
actually about to cry it feels like my dad came home from getting cigarettes after years i missed you
Welcome Back Sky!!!!! Man it Feels Good To Be A Kid Again😂😂😂 And Watching my childhood Minecraft YouTuber 😊😍 a.k.a adam
I’m thankful your back on YouTube m8 🙏🔥💪
THIS FEELS SO NOSTALGIC

I CAN’T TELL IF IT’S 2009 OR 2019
YES ADAM! We love ya no matter what. Plz don't feel like anything in general is your fault. There was nothing wrong. You have so many people who still care about you. These are including your friends like who you mentioned. My childhood was built with your videos and the stuff you did with your friends. You made me happy when I was sad. When you posted stuff that felt a bit uneasy, I just wished that you would forget about what ever was bothering you and think about the best things in life. Your fans and friends/family are here for you. If you ever feel like this again don't worry, your not alone. There are so many other people who are with you and care about you. I'm looking forward to sky taking a comeback!   YOU STAY AWESOME ADAM  :) we love you! 💞🤞🏻
Return of the king
"Where's da beef at."


Best quote yet
SkyDoesMinecraft...

That's the name I never heard in a very long time..


Good to see my childhood back!
Why are you running minecraft at a whole 2 fps
Back to the good old days.
Who's else's favorite game mode to watch from sky was cops and robbers
HOW CRAP I REMEMBER DEADLOX FROM BACK IN DE DAYYYYYY
This feels so much like an old video its about to make me cry of joy
Hey adam you should put the old ass intro back on these vids just for the nostalgia
You were a large part of my childhood dude, I love your videos
the return of the king.
sky......Youve missed EVERYTHING
I like that one video part 2 its the best vid
The combat update you missed
Adam in my eyes you still the most awesome person i know we all have misshaps but no matter what you still this community's favorite  and thank you for being awesome stick with it bro
I'm not crying, i swear.
im not crying..YOU ARE!
me sitting on my death bed 
"That's is world. I'm done....
Doctor-" did you hear skydoesminecraft posted a minecraft video?" 
Me- " I AIN'T DYING YET WORLD!!!!!"
I didn't realize I wanted you to come back until it happened.
the return of the king
oh boy, what have you missed? a lot man, too much for me to write(mainly because I'm lazy)
We all think you are amazing and you should take your time to get better and to work towards having a healthier mindset
Sky:Sees squid
Me:AHHHHH
Adam I missed you so much!!! I watched you when I was literally 6 or 7 and when you stopped Minecraft and things I cried! I’m 14 now~
I missed you!
I remember watching you as a kid
Following the combat update you can no longer spam click while attacking. That’s why the squid took so many hits lol. There is a small sword icon beneath your crosshairs that recharged after a swing. 

Find an ocean. 

Good luck with your treatment!  Hope it all goes well :)
You can swim faster by tapping W twice in quick succession
Adam we love you! I watched you since cops and robbers one came out and Ive missed you! Im glad that youve came back I wish the best for you in this life. :D
Oh boy oh boy, when i saw this in my recommendation you know I started crying
Being called "recruits" again makes me smile so big :)
you can sprint in water which makes you swim
my skin? cleared.
my childhood? remembered. 

my abandonment issues? fixed.
OMG Adams back at it again my childhood it brings tears to my eyes  I really hope you get better Adam much love my dude I missed you
When you realize the video is intentionally low quality
Music didn't match the tone, but I'm excited to see you back, Sky Boy!
The king is back.
Bring back the old intro you guys are awesome you should feel awesome
Dude... Thank you so much for taking me on such a nostalgia trip. Hearing your voice along with minecraft let's plays brings back so many beautiful memories. Thank you and I promise you we're all here to support you. Don't stop!
Sky I miss you man I’ve been watching ur videos for a long time and they helped alt with boredom and other issues that one video ab ur last one a while back broke my heart I miss watching ur videos ur awsome
:O I FEEL A L I V E ADAM
The return of the Emperor
It's update 1.14
Adam, you don’t have to fake happiness and you don’t have to fake smiles. I understand that depression can take a toll on you because I’ve been there. I still am. 
You’re so calm and collected now that I actually admire it. The memories of the 4 years I watched you are coming back. You were my childhood. Thank you for introducing me to the internet.
Welcome back, Adam. We accept you with open arms.
🎶Guess who's back,
back again.
Sky is back,
tell a friend.🎶
I watched sky when I was like 4 or 5 and I’m 16 now.......never change sky 💯💪
It’s been 7 years, sky. WHY AM I STILL A RECRUIT.
If you want nostalgia, bring back mod reviews. For added effect, review mods from version 1.5
Is this a reupload? Or is it legit sky
THE NOSTALGIA THO. THANK YOU FRFR
Your the best sky you will always be in heart basically I watched you when team crafted was a thing !
Sky kills a squid, epic gamer moment
Yo sky came back as soon as I started gettin back into Minecraft where am I
I love you sky
🅱️lease sir.... more single player lets plays....
Stay strong, beat depression in the nutz
You're on thin ice with that t-series comment
Can you make a crafting dead survival series
Sky, my favorite childhood YouTuber. Welcome back
Ohhhh wait until he forgets to sleep. Look out for the phantoms, Sky
You have to thank youtube sensation redvactor
The Return of The King
the return of the king
THE RETURN OF THE KING
you do want you back ☹️ this was saddd omggg
Imma cry dude
I am literally checking everyday waiting for the next episode
considering thid got 500k in 2 weekd then this means yes you are still somebody we want to watch
You should do a normal survival multiplayer with friends!
Holy crap the title alone hit me hard Welcome back Adam, there’s quite a bit you missed but you’ll figure it out
Return Of The King
this was my first sky video and even im nostalgic. thats how important he is to the community
Water update and bamboo forest update among other updates
Dude. Everything. First off, don't spam click weapons. They have to recharge or you won't do full damage.
Everyone say it with me folks




.
OH MY GOD!!!!!!!
You've missed the dolphin and sea turtle update also there are phantoms at night the will swoop down from the sky and attack
We missed you Sky. I used to watch your videos like.. over seven years ago in middle school. I'm glad this is happening.. we're looking forward to your series. Remember to keep doing your own thing and remember to smile when you're feeling down. We love you Sky every one of us, even your fans you don't interact with on the daily :)
I nearly cried. never been smacked so hard.
I'm so happy that your back sky making videos
Can you make a episode with ross and max even if uts at diffrent times also shubble but it would make me the happyest
Return of the king
Now this, IS EPIC
Finally see something good on my recommended,  happy to see ur back
LET GO SKY
SKY SO SWAGGY
ME PANTS IS SAGGY
WITH THAT MINECRAFT SKIN, SO SNAGGY
You have literally missed everything lol it's going to be great to explore with you!
Ocean monuments.
Woodland mansions.
Better swimming.
Underwater Ruins.
Pirate shipwrecks.
Buried treasure.
Coral Reefs.
New combat.
Shields.
Respawning the ender dragon.


Ya you've missed a bit.
We missed you, Adam. we all collectively really did.
Ladies And Gentleman, Our Butter King Has Arrived!
Drowned new Ender dragon fight endermites a liter metric crap ton of stuff
Skydoesminecraft is back 

Minecraft becomes the best game again like it rightfully should
You he's back. Next thing we need is cops n robbers
Dude... I saw your live on insta like a little over a month ago... you good?
the return of the king

thanks reddit
Listen Adam, if you can see this, you putting up these types of videos is enough support. You making our childhoods amazing is enough support. If anything, we feel like we've been unsupportive, because a lot of people went on to different YouTubers while you still dealt with depression. But the true ones like us stayed with you. We love you, and don't ever forget that. We love you with all of our hearts, and we know you do as well ❤️


-Michael
YES YOU JUST WON BACK A OG SUB
I look back and see that my childhood is still here with me i will watch and continue support
honestly the fact that you've decided to upload a new minecraft series is amazing, you don't even understand how much this means to me, as you literally forged my childhood watching your videos. thank you adam.
WE'RE WAITING AND SUPPORTING FOR YOU
can everybody comments budder again? XD
No matter what you do. We will support you. No matter what you play. We will support you. No matter how often. We will ALWAYS support you.
I'm so happy to see you back Adam,  you were my childhood.
 I'm now in highschool , haha
BRO MY CHILDHOOD HAS BEEN AWOKEN
Can we get a F for team crafted?
We will always welcome you back!
i used to watch u when i was a lil bean & you made me soo happy! i watched u everyday and its crazy that you’re back and i really hope you get better. we are all here to support you ❤️ this will get lost in the thousands of comments, but thank u for making my childhood better!
sKY if you sprint while submerged in water you can swim a lot faster
Who agrees that minecraft hunger games is the OG BATTLE ROYALE
Sky, I’ve been watching you since I was 7 and now I’m 13, your videos were the highlight of my day when I was younger, I hope you get better. :)
Wow. I was being nostalgic and stumbled across a Sky video. Been a long while since I glanced this way. It's interesting to see that you're back. I really hope you're here for your enjoyment, man. It'll be cool to see your name back in my subbox. (whenever Youtube can be asked to actually fill my subbox)
Hey, Sky, I just wanted to say thank you for for everything you've done on YouTube. I started watching in middle school loved the content. I'm a senior now and I rewatch your older videos and they still make me laugh and actually kinda help when I'm down about stuff. I hope you feel better soon and that your treatment does you well.
You should bring back Bacon Man
I NEVER CLICKED SO FAST ON A VIDEO NOTIFICATION! My childhood. :3
you missed, everything
My eyes are sweating..


I somehow find you tubers I use to watch!? And now I’m crying
I will most definitely watch more, I love this
With so much other stuff going on, it's nice to see something as wholesome as this. I sincerely hope you keep doing what makes you happy, Adam.
you can sprint underwater now
I'm glad u back brother
Legends never die, there just missing in action.
He needs to do Do not laugh again ☹️ with ross & Barney and Max ☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️☹️
The king is back boys and girls!
Return of a titan
Glad to see you back Adam, Thanks for making my childhood worth remembering.
FINALLY!
We miss you sky!
One major thing the ocean is good
Oh wow, this really brings me back to 2013
Sweet! Just do it if you enjoy it though
“I’ll see you later recruits! Haha feels right” 

The 11 year old in my just cried a little bit I missed him so much!! I remember watching his videos and talking about him and all the others with my friends in 5th and 6th grade those were good times
THE BUTTER ARMY WILL RISE ONCE AGAIN!!!!
Adam: What have I missed?


Me: Kelp.
I'm bouta cry, you were my 2nd through 5th grade life
NOW GO, LET THE LEGEND COME BACK TO LIFE
I love you, my name is Adam too, spotlight uh moonlight uh. <3<3<3<3 :3
i love you Adam, im glad your back, i missed you
BRUH IS THAT AN MF GURREN LAGGAN REFERENCE
sad yet beautiful to see a god relearn his trade
Jonas brothers are back and now sky


k
you missed a hOLE aquatic update, which was 1.13. there making a new update, basically a villagers plus thing now. uh there are textures that have been changed. i think thats the important stuff.
Low key would watch Adam stream SKYDOESMINECRAFT for hours
he... he has returned... THE KING!
You’re amazing
2011 is that you? I missed you... wait where are you going? NO COME BACK PLEASE IT WAS BETTER THEN!
Sky: what have I missed
Subs: you have no idea........
“Avengers theme song plays”
/Time set 2008-15
What YES MY FAV YOUTUBER IS BACK YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Come back boss hogggg we need to take some geebs and play craft
Sky: Looks at Squid 2 seconds later starts having PTSD
Me:Ahhh there we go..
The king has made his incredible return.
The king returns.
Sky ur a great YouTubed and I think u should try to play forest with some people
Highkey my only complaint is how the music is done, it's kinda loud ^^
IMPORTANT THINGS YOU MISSED:
You can sprint underwater to swim now. Also, that green book in your inventory keeps track of new crafting recipes that you haven't used yet but half the items for. This way, you don't have to Google every new recipe. You also have an offhand slot that lets you put things in your left hand. You can craft a shield for it. You can also dual wield items, but you can only use them if they already have a right click action, like a bow.
 
Water physics have changed a little bit, and oceans actually have things in them now. Combat has also changed. Now, after you attack with a weapon, there's a cool down before it can be used at full strength. You can still spam click, though it will be very weak of us you let the weapon fully cool down. Sorry for the wall of text, hope this helps!
I've missed this
15 y/o me: Oh awesome a SkyDoesMinecraft video
Sky:I’m restarting the original Minecraft series.
Childhood-Self: Get the hot pockets,Mtn Dew,lock the doors and lets get this ish started.
Hey Adam thank you man i really missed you you were a big influence on my life with your jokes and you made me laugh from the water melon special me and my friends have our own club ice we all love and we respect you we will be in the sky army you are not just a general you are a president and we all love you man
Pewdiepie vs T-Series
scoffs
Skydoeseverything(minecraft) vs Squid -Series
Me:thats more like it
God has it been a while, I almost cried. Hope your treatment goes well I wish you the best.
So since I was 7 I've been watching these videos all of them!!, I couldn't believe what I saw on my feed that first return to minecraft video you made and I remember the first video I ever watched of yours and I just stuck around even for "skyvsgaming" and eve for your music carrer i believe that everyone who needs help with how they feel should get it I'm even working out my own so good luck, I said I was 6/7ish when I started watching your vids I'm now a teenager with the same memories you gave me P.S sorry for the Harry potter series of a comment had alot to say yours 

-one of the old recruits
Wow, giving me flashbacks.
PLEASE make more of this.
He missed the 1.9 combat update
STOP SPAM CLICKING THE SWORD IT NEEDS TO RELOAD THE AXE IS NOW THE STRONGEST WEAPON BUT IT TAKES LONGER TO RELOAD
Adam: ILL SEE U LATER RECRUITS

Nostalgia: sorry im late
I feel like fortnite killed Minecraft Like this to bring back Minecraft which is literally my childhood
If this was a try not to smile challenge





I will lose
I love this already :) even tho I'm only 2 minutes in
I would prefer this series without background music and just the defualt minecraft music instead
Honestly I have been horribly depressed to. But seeing you back in the game literally makes me feel better also hope you get through depression as well man
SKY IS BACK. wait is it 2009 or?????
THE SQUID WAR IS BACK ON! The term “budder” is coming back
The world ages, but my soul doesnt...
Crying in the club like whaddup my childhood is back, bless this content, thank you Sky
We love you sky, you will always be apart of us even in the roughest times, thank you for the childhood memories <3 hope you get well
I remember watching these kinds of bids when I was younger keep up the good work Adam this brought a blast from the past and I wanna go find some butter rn but I Dont have Minecraft
DONT YOU DARE SAY WE DON'T WANT YOU BACK, WE WANT YOU BACK YOU AMAZING MAN
HHEEEEELLLLL YYYYEEAAAAHHHH
Oh... youve missed... a lot.
omg i forgot how much i enjoyed these videos :o
You can do heavy attacks and swim differently
He does videos again cost: video recorder quality  that = lag
Oh god my ptsd. He’s back.
Great reference at the start😂
when he said "sorry pigs this is how its gotta go" I swear it was a sheep he's been attacking for like a minute untill I realized it really was a pig lmao
Adam EVERYONE WANTS U BACK
i've missed this!!!!
We missed you Sky <3
Totally... rossome.
Are you playing vanilla minecraft?
You've missed alot
I'll gladly eat up anything you post
This was a nice surprise. I went to watch some old videos since I was feeling nostalgic and I'm greeted with this. Skies are looking bright
Yeah, its rewind time.
7:53 Gurren Lagann reference! Be the drill that will pierce the heavens!
I was 8 when I first watched sky 
I’m 16 now that’s crazy 
It’s been a long journey
Yea so here's a few immediate updates you missed!!!

Water has totally been updated, sunken ships got tons of loot and treasure maps can lead to generated structures, you can also sprint in water to swim. Water interacts with half blocks such as fences and slabs and boats are really good now too.

The Nether and Redstone are exactly the same minus the additional to one new block to each. Commands have been a bit reworked though.

New skeleton and zombie variants spawn specifically in ice, desert and ocean biomes. Also, if you don't sleep for 5 days and aren't covered by blocks, flying mobs will  attack you at night.

New stones have also been added too, though they're entirely useless and noticeable.

Among other animals, Rabbits and Llamas have been added, and sheep drop mutton now.

Combat has been completely changed too! when you hover over an attackable mob, a small hud in the shape of a sword will appear over the crosshair. When it's full, swords will do bonus + AoE damage, and Axes will do bonus damage. Axes do the most single target damage now and can easily break shields, however, swords still are the best generalist weapon. 
Connecting to that last point,  shields are super strong too, so you'll probably want one really soon. You can equip items to your off-hand by pressing F or by bringing up your inventory, so most people put their shields in there.

Tons of new decorative blocks have been added, glazed terracotta and variants of stained clay are craftable among a built in crafting book that's functionally NotEnoughItems. Also you'll love this, you can strip wood logs for a barkless version of each log, plus customizable banners have been added too. (Everything I mentioned looks really nice. Building has never been easier.)

That's everything major that you may need to encounter, The End has been received a massive face-lift, but you won't get there soon.

I'm really excited to watch this playthrough Adam. Seeing you much more grounded really feels organic and makes the connection between the viewer feel really personal, and I'm absolutely loving it!!! 
Pierce the heavens dude, kick logic to the curb and do the impossible! Just believe in the us who believe in you!
SKY LOOK UP 1.13 update
IF YOU DOUBLE TAP THE WALK FORWARD BUTTON YOU CAN SWIM FASTER AND FANCIER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! USE IT!!!!!!!!!!! AND ALSO SQUID WON'T HURT YOU AT ALL!!!!!!!! Love 'ya
nostalgia hits like a brick
Dude, why in the universe wouldn’t we want you back. You were our childhood. I love you, (no homo) but like holy crap. Sometimes I go back to look for your vids and I sit there sad they aren’t there. Then I saw you put them back up it and it brightened my day. I’m legit struggling to fathom how awesome this is.
Does anyone know why my feed just says video 2 and that's its waiting for the current time forever?
Sky,.please make the laugh series again....
What happened to the newer videos you uploaded?
welcome back general
You should change the version to back when you couldnt even sprint. oh boy the nostalgia
7:53 Kamina, is that you bro?
I’m crying oml
You’re doing this and I can’t even life rn
We all love your Minecraft vids btw
I MISSED U SO MUCH SKYYYYYY
The God is back the butter god is back
# Triggered by squared
SkyDoesMinecraft desperate for money Xd
Tip To Sky: They added Shields, I would suggest you use them.




Cool Features: Can block creeper/Tnt explosions, Can block arrows and stuff






Btw: spamming the sword is an outdated combat, they got an new cooldown mechanic, wait for the cooldown to complete, and use your sword to swipe at the maximum damage when the cooldown completes




Anyways Sky, Im glad your back, this should be a fun lets play
Sky Dose Minecraft,  You the first YouTuber I’ve ever watched, It’s the reason I use the Name Sky In all my usernames
This message might not be seen by you sky but you have made my life the best everytime i watch your videos it makes me smile and thanks to you and alot of others have influenced me to become a youtuber or someone that can help like youve helped me and i supporte you all the way
YES YES YES YES YESSSSSSSS
Im so glad my hero is back the person i loved ived back and i hope you dont leave
I remember when my mom yelled at me for watching your videos
sky aint used to these lil boi numbers
"Comment down below what have I missed"  Uhhhhhh...oof
We love you sky would love to meet you one day. Your my idle and the reason I Stream
Dad came back from making a mixtape
I was around for the original so why shouldn’t I now.
I cried when I saw this, the memories.
It’s been a few years since I’ve seen you : (
Ok Adam here's the new stuff:
-Combat takes time if you spam a sword it deals little damage if you take time it deals alot more.
-going 3 days without sleep causes a flying mob to attack you they have like 30 hp.
-Polar bears, Pandas, fish, turtles, parrots, and Dolphins are new mobs.
-Water zombies/Drowned live in water and sometimes drop Tridents that are trowable and do 9 damage.
-You need the same type of colored wool for a bed.
-You can legit swim in water if you try sprinting in water.
-New shipwrecks under water and wooded mansions.
-New antartic Biome that contains Polar bears and Igloos.
That's all I can remember, Hopefully it helps!
Edit:I'm not adding husk and stuff cause there basically regular zombies and Skeletons but retextured, meanwhile The Drowned drop Tridents.
i was smiling through this whole video
Know I know 2019 will be a good year.
The Butter King is back in Minecraft!
Just don't hug the creepers, even if they have gold.
PS: You can sprint under water, and you have a cool down on your weapons max damage, you cant spam anymore.
You put a smile on my face no matter what.
So does this mean the squid army and butter coming back ;-; 



I watched the very first Minecraft video (nostalgic)
Don't worry we all here for u
sky you have missed a lot in Minecraft.
Okay. If you dont sleep for about 3 nights Phantoms will spawn. Zombies that stay underwater will turn into "Drowneds" If you sprint in water it will start to swim. Also it looks like you dont have optifine installed. (It makes the game run faster) You should  alsi remember spam clicking your sword does less damage. You should wait for the sword to come back up. (Edit: Mojang has alsso gotten back on the update grind there are loads of snapshots coming out every week! These snapshots are for the 1.14 update. (Yes we are that far ikr) If you wish to know more about these updates check out AntVenom on youtube. (P.S Love your vids! Doesn't matter how far you were gone I'll watch it because it makes me happy.)
New trees, new doors, new beds, new food, new mobs and so much more
somethings you missed sky
-new place in the end called the End City with a few new mobs a new edible item, and a new armor piece called the elitra
-update aquatic which adds new things in the sea such as shipwrecks, new mob called the drowned, a new weapon, as well as new water mechanics such as fast swimming (works like running), some new blocks, as well as enchantments
there's also one that's comming out soon called the Village and Pillage update that adds new mobs, new looks for villager, and an awesome new weapon, as well as some more things like bambo
damn its been awhile im all grown up
I’m crying, HES BACK!
Most of the new blocks added are just decorative
You were a piece of my childhood. I'm so glad to see this. I missed you, dude, and I didn't even realize it until I saw this.

Also, there are a LOT of new things. You can swim fast by sprinting underwater, and the other day I unfortunately found out you should sleep if you want to avoid this new mob called a "phantom" I think? Because it'll swoop down from the sky and smack you. There's a bunch of other stuff too, like mansions, pirate ships, and other stuff, but this is what I know well enough to explain for now. I'll let you discover the rest yourself. It's more exciting that way, I think. :)
THE LEGEND RETURNS
3:59 Sky’s reaction to the squid brought so many happy memories of when all I did was watch YouTube, but now life’s all school, jobs, stress. Watching this brought back so much nostalgia. We’re all glad to see you make a comeback!
Im DoNe WiTh MiNeCrAfT
UP theme starts playing
Ahh skydoesminecraft is back. Boy its like 2010 again
The return of a king
There are so many new mobs and items but head this warning! AVOID THE DROWNED!!
I remember the “I’m having a moment here plane” lol. Only OG’s will remember that
So basically too many things for comments to tell you.
But, wraiths, endermen are scarer, parrots scare the heck out of you with mimicing mobs and much more
There is a combat cooldown on anything melee

In rivers there is a very common and dangerous water zombie

The little book button in your inventory thing shows you crafting recipes that you unlocked by getting certain items

Cats are now a separate mob from ocelots and are found in villages
Great seeing you back to the old Minecraft videos adam.
I missed you man
Make sure you get some sleep. Like in real life, the game gets a bit trippy if you don’t
You missed the worst update
combat update
cooldowns
axes > swords
sword (enchanted) > axes
you can SWIM
you have an ally called guardian but guardians doesnt count you as ally
ships! :3 
water temples
new mobs like husks and the stray
VINDICATORS
Invoker i mean evoker


better start off with knowing how axes work
and just grind a sword when u have enchanted table

make a base (ofc)
use AXE as a weapon till u have a diamond sword but still make a diamond axe because this will be your weapon
get enchanment table
and bookshelves

enchant books if you dont have "luck"

sharp 1 + sharp 1 = sharp 2
but heres the catch
sharp 2 + sharp 2 = sharp 3
sharp 3 + sharp 3 = sharp 4
sharp 4 + sharp 4 = sharp 5
(takes alot of exp but is a good method if you have a nether portal with efficnecy pickaxe since quartz mining is a good source of exp)

If youre rich in diamonds
it works the same using swords
sharp 4(diamond sword) + sharp 4 = sharp 5 (diamond sword)
or
sharp 4 (diamond sword) + sharp 4 (diamond sword) = sharp 5 (diamond sword)
(I'm not crazy I swear) only true fans will remember that 😆
Id love you to go back to your old videos with friends and playing through maps, and maybe play some mini games on servers
Minecraft is back! First the Crewcraft started up again and now Sky, my childhood is coming back
Do whatever makes you happy and if minecraft makes you happy then get ready for our tears of nostalgia
Omg sky is back. I just recently started playing again too, so there is so much nostalgia now.
Once he listed off everyone thats been their for him such as Deadlox (i lowkey forgot how to spell his name sorry)  i actually started crying and screaming "the memories" its 3 am. My parents are asleep in the room next to me..
My childhood has been reborn. I need to cry
1.start a realms
2.put this world on it
3.get back with deadlox and Jason 
4.create this series
5.after that do some adventure maps
6.officially bring back the old days. 
And I already looked past the bad version of yourself but I’d just like to see you get some nice friends who would support you as much as I wish I could x
Love ya Sky I can’t wait for part 2 and I can’t wait for you to continue
Yeeeesss he back hell yeah
Oh hey my childhood is back, how’ve you been old friend
I thought I became a private 7 years ago, why tf am I back at boot Camp?
It's nice to see you again,  Adam.
Boy do I miss 2011
return of the king
Am i dreaming?
HOLY S*** THE NOSTALGIA
Only real ogs remember  bashtiverse
Childhood 100
wait at the end there was that a reference to Gurren Laggan
SPRINT UNDER WATER
the good days
Too broke so you had to play more Minecraft to pay the bills?
I’m so glad he’s back 😭
He's back.
4:25
So what'd I miss? What did I miss? 
Minecraft my sweet sweet home I wanna-
Sorry, I just had to...But joking aside, we're really happy that you're coping well! We all support you greatly!
I'm not crying... you are
I've never been this happy before
We're always here for ya cause all your subscribers got your back!
I actually cried watching this
hearing Adams voice, doing minecraft, literally brings back my Childhood. i'm 15 and i've been watching for so long, we've missed you sky, welcome back :) <3
My man I love you don’t ever apologize you are our worlds and I love you so much thank you for years of enjoyment
Holy crap I remember sitting in my bed when I was like 9 watching your videos I was a sky does Minecraft addict I would watch your videos over and over thank you for this video
Now I want to go play Minecraft again

Can’t say that I’m mad though
WE LOVE SKY
Dude so much has changed bro!

-you can swim better/faster if you run in the water
-now there are polar bears, parrots, dolphins, fish, and other mobs
-now you can find shipwrecks, coral reefs, and treasure underwater
-there are mansions now with new mobs and items
-recipe book lets you craft more efficiently
-if you don't sleep a mob will come and attack you (forgot what its called)
-tons of textures have changed
-and so much more that I can't think of right now

Not to mention that there's a new update that will add so many more things
I'm gonna cry, 10 year old me is quaking
I used to be a Mineplex admin
its ok Sky we love you <3
Lol Diorite became a thing in minecraft so long ago, dang Adam has it been that long?

Well there's a flying mob that attacks you if you don't sleep

There's wings that makes you glide, but you can fly with them by using fireworks

There's shields, pretty easy to make

Minecraft has a different fighting mechanism that makes it to where you can't spam, you have to wait for it to charge up and then attack for more damage. (Most important thing to know)

Pandas are a thing

There's crossbows, idk if they're in pc yet, but just know that crossbows are a thing and they are awesome.

There is so much you missed man, go look in the minecraft wiki or forums
Plz 1 do not laugh with the rosom sqaud
Your character has swim animations now, there's pandas too apparently
Teamcrafted back please
1:50 Let me just stop you right there, Adam. I've been watching you since middle school and I'm a sophomore in college now. You are the f*cking best, to put it mildly. I connected with you not because I expected you to be a "YouTuber", an image that you may have felt pressured to take up; I connected with you because you just loved having fun with your friends and growing as an individual and as a member of your social group through the incredibly dynamic and diverse sphere of influence that is video games. And of course, as you now explore your individuality through music, I'm still right here with you and I try to listen to everything you put out. Nobody is the best 'body there ever was!


Don't worry about what people expect of you, especially when those expectations are of days long gone. You should never be afraid to revisit old memories, of course, but always remember that the only way through life is FORWARD, period. Stay you, my guy. I'll always show you love and respect!
Plz do the modded cops n robbers series again
I hope sky keeps this up. I remember him from way back in the beginning. I'm so glad he's back. I missed him and like always. I accept him and support him. Welcome back sky.!!!!
Who else  was actually here  for his original series ?
WE LOVE SKY!!!
WHY WAS I NOT TOLD HE IS BACK???
Please make series <3
I'm literally crying and shaking rn, you would never






Be not awesome sky
I'm not sure where to post art for you tbh XD I wanted to draw just normal fan art for the longest time and I don't know where to post it at xD
My child self is screaming of joy- and my 16 y/o self is now continuing to watch Adam’s videos as if it hasn’t been years. I’ve never been happier to see another YouTuber come back. 💖
I forgot ur voice and hearing ur voice doesnt ring a bell
Disappointed you are subscribed to t-series
Hey you should do that lava island again with Ross and deadlox
I shed a tear of happiness when I heard "I'll see you later recruits." been a recruit since way back in the day. It feels good to hear that again.
I like how the thumbnail is similar to the 2011 one
oh my god he’s back
Adam I’m glad your back your my childhood and your awesome man!The depression thing I understand I have severe depression and its hard.just know the sky army is here for you and we love you for you!nothing will change that ❤️
You have to time your Sword strikes now
You missed fish,  coral,  shipwrecks,  vex's, Vindicators,  tridents,  sea turtles,  dolphins,  and 1.14 coming soon,  etc
What do you MEAN? This is what all of us have wanted! I’ve been wanting a reason to relive these years. This is beautiful not gonna lie.
So nice to see sky back I remember the time I subscribe when sky was at 2 mil feels like the old days are coming back for another round
You should have titled the video "Minecraft nostalgia"
Please Adam "I dOnT tHiNk YoU wIlL wAnT mE bAcK." are you kidding I can remember back when, and still to this day how I look forwards to your insane exploits and everything. I was there when yall played the first epic jump map (I remember the squid moon). That year was tough for everyone, you had your thing that happened, Ian had an issue of his own (he's Christian now, and married and he went to Jeruselum with his wife for passover), everyone had a really bad time then, but they all rebounded, I''m glad you're back. You don't need to worry about all of that crap about not being wanted or anything, I'm glad your back, and I welcome you with open arms, but remember  also mobs you should know about
Strays (recolored zombies)
some recolored skeletons
zombies can detect you from an extreme distance
fish exist, you can catch them with buckets and have an aquarium

Pillagers (villagers that like to fight you)
Pillager beast (the pioneers used to ride these babies for miles, they also like to fight you)
ocean temples (look out for the self-propelled limpit bombs)
magma (dont step on it, stay away if its underwater)
items float now, unless they dont, magma sucks them down when its underwater
theres buried treasuremaps
shipwrecks
drowned (underwater zambies)
heckin drowned villages
possibly more, I dont remember.
and yes creepers are still that bad.
bruh it’s been so long since i played Minecraft (stopped playing round the time i stopped watching u, so about three yrs ago) so now that ur uploading these guess we’re gonna relearn the rules of Minecraft together 😂😂😂😂
We missed you
I don't even play Minecraft anymore but he was my childhood
I use to binge watch your videos when i was a kid cause they were so so so entertaining. Thanks for coming back really looking forward to your other videos coming up soon.
WOAH WOAH WOAH, HOW LONG WAS THIS A THING???????
No one will get tired of you ever :3 also u have missed everything.
Thank you for coming back again sky.....
OH SHI--



Nostalgia is Flooding My Mind AGAIN!
Been here since 100k, keep up the great content  :)
It's been so long, damn... the nostalgia hits hard when it comes to Minecraft.

Get well soon, with that treatment. Depression is a serious thing. So, get well soon.
Why is your minecraft at low quality????
Bro your awesome
I will always watch you. Also, the nostalgia from him seeing the squid
The first house you make better be called skyhub
I hope u get through it man
Gosh I'm so happy.
Honestly, I miss the old days of Minecraft, and I think they will never come back. But I think about it like this:
Beforehand, you were exciting and crazy. But that was Skyz, not the depressed Adam.
I'm happier with this tame Skyz, because it means that Adam is getting the help he needs. 
I've been with both of these characters since I ever got YouTube before, and seeing this just made me giddy. Not only is my favorite YouTuber grtting better, he's also returning to the roots of minecraft, the simpler days.
Adam, remember to think about all of us and yourself equally. Make sure you get the help you deserve.
6:39 “You thought my name would be something else but it was me, DIO(rite)!”
omg i love you i ws so young when i used to watch you
How is this not trending #1
I'm so happy your back!!
Drowneds and evil villagers
This makes me so happy:) we missed you sky; dont stop doin what you’re doin
Glad to have you back Sky!
Sky does minecraft  where is the Scorch Trials , you finished Maze Runner but haven’t done the Scorch Trials and Death Cure. When you’re in good condition, please finish the series off. Stay cool 😎 ❤️🎉
glad to see you go back to your roots
Crossbows are a thing
FINALLY,THE COMMENTS ON THE OLD C418 MUSIC ABOUT STARTING OLD MINECRAFT PLAYTHROUGHS WORKED
Y'all remember Sky's chicken roommate?
Sprint underwater
get the old background music back into your videos!
Breaking news sky has foreskin
Saw this and I was like my childhood is emotional
the nostalgia is real
MIMECRAFT ADVENTURE MAPPPPPSSS PLEASEEE BRING BACK THE CREW AGAINNN
So yt just recommended this for me and this just brought me back to middle school
there were sheep right there and he didnt make a bed
brooo I started watching you wheN I WaS TEn it’s bEen seven yeARs where did time go
Dude yes, Minecraft is coming back, I remember watching you like 3 years ago with the mod reviews and all. Dam this dood is a legend this is hella nostalgic
Welcome back, Sky!
Us kids who used to watch you are now high school students, maybe even some graduated already.
back in the day watching this would be a rebellious fourth grader thing but now im just

nostalgia
Nostalgia is real
Legend says that Sky is still figuring out the recipe for a bow
I want you back sky😭❤️
SKY ARMYYHYHHHHYYYYHHYYHY
ITS BACK REASSEMBLE THE ARMY
Who else Just watched this as Nostalgia from The old Series gets in your head?




Old Sky is back
Killing the squid was funny, i do miss you doing a voice for the squid, that always cracked me up
Honestly, I wished that he made a bunch of wood jokes like he did in his first episode.
We need the old opening where it's like:


SKYDOESMINECRAFT
SKYARMY
THE BOI IS BACK !  
But like on the real , you’re one of the best people I know . You and your videos have helped me through a lot . You are an amazing person!
He started back an old series
WE SALUTE YOU SOLDIER
5:20 Accidental Captain Sparklez reference? Remember the cows!
The memories! Welcome back, Sky Does Minecraft

WE LOVE SKY
#Minecraft
I remember the slender mini game y’all played
Glad your back sky.
Man, sky playing minecraft? now thats a throw back to better days. good to have ya back man hope you beat back this depression
This.. this is beautiful. Magestic. Nostalgic. It will be nice to grow up with you again.
Some tips: Watch for phantoms. I have been requested to not tell you how to avoid them, so yeah... Press ctrl while swimming to swim faster. 1.9 pvp has a cool down while fighting. Press the green book for crafting recipes. Can't really think of anything rn, but there there are there are more things. Good Luck!
FINALLY my childhood
im so happy your getting the help you need, i hope you have the best of luck in all your future endeavors, youve changed my life and made me a much happier person and i hope that you can get affected in the same way youve affected me.
WHO LIKE MINECWAFFTT???!!!
You missed Pandas.
Omg. Dude. I’m so happy ur back. And so are all my friends. We legit just started getting back into minecraft
Honestly, your update video gave me the confidence to reach out for help. I've been struggling with a lot of problems which I denied having for years now, but when you posted that video I thought: If he can do it, then so should I. You've helped me so much throughout the years and now you did it again. 
We'll always be here to support you no matter what so don't worry about us not wanting you back. 
Because we would gladly have you back!
Ur back omg u saved me from suecide
use the old intro, please
My... My childhood... He's back...
I’m so sad bc I feel like I missed my whole childhood I never watched u I like STILL don’t know who u rlly are
My heart it’s full again I remember watching Your videos back when I was like 8 and I’m 14 now almost 15 and these videos are making me happy and whole
This was so nostalgic
1:21 WRONG BOI. We so want you back dude.
IWANT ROSS
MAX
BAJUN
JEROMEEEEE
GIZZY
BARNEY
AWKWARD
MUCHINB BROTATO
THE FROG AND FISH
PLZ BODIL LAUGH
ANTEVNOM HECK YEAH
AND THE WATERMELON
Brings a tear to my eye watching this.
I think going in blind would be much more fun
In the range rover
I remember when he used to do Minecraft all the time
One suggestion no background music
Thanks for the memories, sky
Damn. I remember watching you when i was younger. I’m actually so glad you’re back dude. Remember to have fun though
Sky: *talks plainly*
Sky: *sees chickens*
Sky: OH MY GOD ITS BEAUTIFUL!
I miss being a 7yo kid
Beware the Phantoms!
19 years old, been watching your stuff for almost a decade, you should get a small saltwater aquarium to help treat depression, it did me wonders
So when did he beside to play Minecraft again
Im so happy i grew up with a diamond sword generation and not a legendary scar generation.
4:05 or back reminds me of the squid mod  where he got kidnapped
Do crazy craft
I just saw a clip of one of ur livestream and now I going to support u with all my heart
wipes a tear 
That’s the sky I remember.
☺️
SKY ARMY IS BACK
#pastromicity
prince of minecraft
0:29
Expresso Depresso
Oh my god yes
Vietnam flasbacks
BUTTERRRRRERR
Imagine the fear in that one squid. After years of sky being gone. He meets eye to eye with the one who killed his brothern.
Do cops and robbers with Bajan again
Dude ur in for a loooong ride if you e missed that much.
You’ve missed literally all the ocean
Electric boogaloo
Ah time to get stoned and let the nostalgia sit in😊
Dude.... im 18 now, its been years!!!
We missed you Adam
starts crying vigorously
I’ve never been happier! (I have but i’m still super happy this is a thing)
This does bring a smile to my face.
Will you play Hytale when it comes out?
When he was attacking the squid I was tearing up damn
That like to dislike ratio tells you how much people love you Adam
My childhood has been resurrected
Man , the nostalgia , I used to watch you play jail break with your friends when I was younger and I would laugh so hard as you were getting chased around.

( EDIT ) : Oops , it was actually called Cops & Robbers not jail break.
you da the best sky
glad he is playing minecraft and not fortnite
1.13. aquatic update. All kinds of ocean animals, water zombies, they added a trident weapon that is dropped by the water zombies, there are sunken ships in the ocean with loot in them, and all kinds of other stuff. There's also all kinds of new monsters, the scariest being a flying pterodactyl looking thing, there's an enchanted mansion in a random place usually miles away from spawn, basically Minecraft's a different game.
Sky your gonna make me cry and you're taking me back to 2010/2011
Use the same microphone it's very nostalgic and I love it lmaoo
Crossbow new types of wood
11Million Subscribers 


Quality control of someone with 4 subs 



Incredible
3:59 Even on this day, Sky still hates squids.
I love sky he made me who I am today
BRO ITS BEEN LIKE 2 YEARS IM CRYING MY CHILDHOOD
Go into 3rd person view(F5?) when underwater, they finally added a swim animation
Checked back here after a year to watch your old videos and end up finding out ur uploading again
Do some modpacks
Adam no matter what happens you have a very loyal fan base that always will stay by you and one day you will feel normal again and you won’t need medication to stay happy you will just be happy naturally and there will be no one to take advantage of you yeah their will be break downs but you’re strong enough to get threw them .
I have sudden flashbacks to Sky's original base
I used to binge your cops and robbers series
Sky. It's been a while. I watched you at the age of 7-12. I'm 15 now. Thank you for the memories and everything. It's amazing to have you back.
We missed you
Yaaaaaaaa your back!!!!!!
Is my childhood back again?????!?!
0:40 yeah we know you are on adderall
good to see you again😀🙂
PLEASE BRING BACK YOUR SERVER AND LEVELS PVP
An old man sheds a tear in his death bed knowing sky came back to minecraft
Y’all remember what you looked forward to after school back in 2012-2014? This, this was it!
Hey, does anyone know what’s up with the “part 2” video that’s been going since earlier this month?
WHO LIKE MINCRAF

We love you sky, welcome back old friend
God I remember me and my best friend watching all your Minecraft mod reviews and I would just laugh for hours and I always wanted to play Minecraft because of you and omg this video is amazing and I love it
7:51 Gurren Lagann?
Sky is the only person who could say 'sub to T-series' and i wouldnt be mad
welcome back Adam/sky
My childhood is back
Yees
YAAAAAAAAAAAA YOUR BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I’m not going to cry 




Your going to cry 😞




I’ve been watching since 2014
im not crying your crying
Hey, Sky. I doubt you’ll ever read this (love to hear if you do). You were one of my favorite YouTubers out there and helped me get through some rough times in middle school. I’m in college now, and I missed you so much. I will keep up with this series and as an art major I will be sending you my fanart. Glad you’re back, and as a long time recruit of the Sky Army I can say from the bottom of my heart, we’re here for you, all of us!
Honestly I would like it if you continue this series. Just hearing you ramble is enough for me to be happy hearing you again
3:54 . THOSE DAMN SQUIDS
The nostalgia
You need to time your hits in combat now
Chicken?
You can swim now, it's like sprinting in the water
LOOK AT THE CHICKEN
.... I watched you when i was 11-13 playing this game this is nostalgic af im 18 now
I NEED BUDDER
Dude you have been great you will be great in the future too just dont mind being not good enough
SKY I AM SO GLAD YOUR BACK you have no idea how much I would watch and re watch your videos, I would come home almost crying and watch your videos to make me happy. EVERY SINGLE DAY. I stayed up all night just to watch and re watch your video's You've made me so happy and when you left my heart DROPPED. Today I was feeling epacially bad/sad and I thought I'd re watch one of your try not to laugh video's to make me feel better.... Ii had no Idea you've been  back for FOUR MONTHS. I grew up watching you for at least 2 years. Ii hope your make more videos. Your the only reason I don't feel bad all the time. I have NO IDEA what I would do with out you, thanks for coming back. <3
Learn how to swing first bro
So guys we did it dad finally got the milk after 2 years
Hes lossing the will to live
I’m actually really happy this has adds
and i hope you get through your deppression
Stay determined
Hey sky I have a question. Sorry if this is like a touchy subject. But do you still talk with like Jess, Max, and Ross? Like everyone at the office.
“Comment down below what i missed “ ... youve missed alot dude ... like a hella lot ... sea monsters , new ores , shields, you can even fly with wings ... havent played in years but i still read the new things on mojang😂
PANDAS ARE IN
You can sprint un water
Last time you played was 1.6, right?

The biggest things mechanically past that point, without looking anything up would probably be
*you can hold down left ctrl to sprint
*the Dark forest biome and the Illager mansion + bosses inside
*the guardian temple at the bottom of the ocean 
*modifications to the biome setup so theres like 40 variations instead of ten
*the End has ended villages and ships and a flying-Cape thing called the elytra
*I think theres polar bears now?
*and theres gonna be cats and pandas in the next update
*and theres parrots in the jungles now
*Villagers have gotten a few upgrades, it's way easier to tell which ones which now
Plus some other stuff I cant remember atm.
he's back. But where's the Budder?
Crys I DONT SEE MINECRAFT THE SAME
You should do a Minecraft TreasureWars series. Fill in for Vikkstar and Lanchlan, it would be amazing.
deja vu I have been in this place before
I was an Orphan til you came back.
We missed u:)
There is one song that I love it is new word
Yo man I’ve watched all of the Sky channels since they came out and I am super excited they’re back. I’ve missed them so much
It feels like Sky is a much more entertaining commentator now than he was all those years ago at the height of his popularity! I really wish he'd just have a series like this where he just plays survival and talks about whatever he wants.
You missed: looms A BUNCH OF MODS tridernts swimming  swimming zombies and more blocks
Hold up
Legit childhood right here
Team Crafted Reunion 2?


Please?


Maybe?


Either way, this is insanely nostalgic.
WE WILL ALWAYS WANT YOU BACK SKY!!!
Facecam please.
R u gonna start playing with bashaverse again
WE LOVE SKY
#bringminecraftbacktothetop
It’s been so long that the sky army has become the Sky Military

We’ve upgraded to budder tanks rifles as well as budder bulletproof vests. Even budder attack helicopters and jets
New world 2?




Yes 
So much yes
I can feel my inner 5 year old going crazy
dad? are you back for real?
Yay, You’re Back! We all love you and are happy that you are back !
I’ve missed a you so much sky!
Our king has returned
Oceanic update
This actually brought a tear to my eye, thank you, Sky.
WE LOVE SKY
Adam Returns!
MY GOD HES BACK BABY
I got to be real u have done so much for me through all these years ur the first you tuber I ever watch I owe so much for u thank u for bringing great music and great video and hour of smiles
Wait till he finds all the new stuff
Can we not tell him the updates, please
It would be like an adventure for him
Adam stay true to yourself.
WE LOVE SKY
Did he delete part 2? I could have sworn he already uploaded it.
You’ve missed so much it would be hard to fill you in also welcome back we missed you
Is it bad that I actually cried
B a c k   A g a i n
Bro lol were the video at
I hope your depression goes away
This is it. Skydoevangelion 1.0. We've come full circle
Good luck with your depression treatment. I hope it’s going well. I used to love watching your videos back and the day, and I will still love watching your videos now.
...I’m crying. I missed you Sky.
Tridents:
8 damage
Can be thrown or used as a sword
Dropped by drowned(spawn in water, are zombies)
Will the original people be back? Like Ross and Barney? What about Do Not Laugh?
Found out you're doing Minecraft again from a video AntVenom made. I am now preparing for nostalgia.
Tridants water sombies
Hey Sky. I've been watching your videos for years and years. I'm so happy that you're not only back to Minecraft, but also that you're getting help for your depression. We're all here for you.
0:32
...did you just fresh prince me?
OMGMGMMGMGMF 
also I love you Adam!
Good to see you back gamer
DONT SPAM YOUR SWORD YOULL DO A LOT LESS DAMAGE
im cryin rn :’)
I literally just watched you and pewdiepie back in the golden days. I remember being in 4th grade and discovering you and gosh I’m 16 now. It’s been a ride. Also for an English project in 4th grade I unintentionally made a fan fiction about being a recruit. Pretty epic but hey, those were the good days
my childhood is back you better play more cops and robbers that was my favourite
Goin in fresh NNNoo your goin in blind with a path that’s surrounded by legos
Bro, if you could start doing Minecraft mod reviews again it would mean the the world to me, 3 particular ones I remember you doing is the ice cream creeper sandwich mod, the slender man mod and the giant creeper mod i think it was, I remember watching you when I was like 10 and i would come home from school just to watch your videos, I'm 16 now and am really happy that you're back on YouTube. 
Much love from South Africa
:')
I hope the people who dislikes this get dysentery
Ran out of money?
we need the butter
WHERES EPISODE 2
*Has flashbacks of Childhood memories*
My dad just come back from the grocery store
Keep em goin
Good for you man. The help is all anyone can ask for. I'd rather see you feeling better than have vids coming out.
Feels
WE LOVE SKY
OMG who remembers team crafted ! Please do jailbreak videos again. I miss these minecraft videos
a whole lot is what you missed
My childhood😭😭
We Love Sky
Long time, no see old friend.
Yeah it’s a new update 1.13
The aquatic update
There’s a bunch things
-sprint in water to swim (quickly)
-there’s live salmon, cod, pufferfish, tropical fish, turtles, dolphins
-sunken villages with drowns (drowned zombies), shipwrecks spawn in the ocean
-kelp, seapickles, seagrass grow underwater
I remember watching sky when I was 8 years old. Innocent times. Coming home from school and immediately running to my computer to see the latest video. Once I started highschool I stopped watching him. Now that I'm back, now that you're back, I'm so happy that you're here. Thank you for giving me one of the best childhood memories I've had that will stick with me throughout life. Love you, Adam
We need another  butter song... I used to blare it in my brothers room and I need a new one to annoy him with
1.13 the ocean is all improved with a lot of new things, sea grass, coral, turtles, fish, new enemies, and new weapons, utilities, and armor
As a kid, you were easily my favorite youtuber. You really were there for so many people and were a big part of so many childhoods. I nearly cried when I heard you were doing these videos again. You made me laugh, and you made me happy. Don't doubt that we don't want you back. From all the kids who's lives you brought joy into: thank you.
I’m just crying my eyes out i missed him so much 🥺😭
3:05 the old sky is back
Papa sky is back!!!
It didn’t feel the same, i miss the 240p lets play video
I am unworthy of this
Years later and I'm still cheering like a little kid when Sky killed that squid.
WE LOVE SKY
Oh my god......the rumors are true..
Next thing to do is the mod showcases. Do them for the new people who just got into Minecraft.
If he can get on the hermitcraft server that whold be amazing.Like on vid a week and its perfect. Hopefully that will happen but who knows.
What you have missed:
Aquatic update: bunch of fish, underwater things that have water zombie guys that also have chests, sunken ships that have chests that sometimes have treasure maps that lead to treasure, turtles, dolphins, trident.
Village and Pillage: better villages, and these monsters that will attack the villages and the player, cats are a specified mob now.
Etc.: polar bears, these things that will fly through the air and attack you if you haven't slept in a while, a bunch of new blocks.
I'm sure I have missed a million different things but this is all I remember.
God I was gone for a few years, and I came back to this? My God.
Do cops and robbers lol
Play on callmecarsons server
Yessssssssss
On the very very off chance of you seeing this I would like to ask a question. have you planned on making the SkyVsGaming videos public again? you may have talked about this in the past, and if you have I haven't seen it. Many people miss the Gta and GMod videos. If you don't want them public for a personal reason, I understand, but if you have no problem with bringing them back or making a archive then I know many people will appreciate that.
happiness noises
Hours of childhood memories are flooding back.
YES YES YES IM PEEING





Also I hope you get better
Who else has been watching him your whole life basically?
I love this
What update are you on?
Memories


Btw Minecraft does cure depression
3:47 PRAISE THE SUN!!! i didn't know sky played dark souls :o
Oh sky I have a video suggestion for you how about you watch 2 invader zim episodes watch invader zim dark harvest and a spooky Halloween one you'll love it haha 😁👍
Here's 1.13 summed up for you:
Dolphins, turtles, visible fish, kelp, sprinting in water makes you swim, phantoms that spawn if you don't sleep for too long, underwater zombies, tridents, spam clicking does less damage, blocks that pull you above or under water (soul sand and magma blocks), and concrete.
There's other things too, I just can't remember them :'>
Sprinting in water will make you swim
2019 is better now
Look kiddo, if you don't put up your old server I might just die because it'd be so nostalgic if you did.
Sky I hope you do cops n robber and try not to laugh again ;w;
My child hood is back
You are the best ever and still want to see you in cops and robers and sky block and so on hope you get better
I feel like he's just doing this because people are telling him too it doesn't really feel the same
I don't know sky, I think I want you to get confused by these crazy updates
Welcome back dad 😢
You could have just killed some sheep and made a bed
When I was little used to watch you daily on my moms phone and I got in trouble from the swearing xd
Thank you!
When Sky attacked that squid, I felt 12 again
Collab with callmecarson
Nostalgia at its finest..
My childhood is back
J e s u s h a s j o i n e d t h e c h a t
Douchebag Roommate v2?
Bend the knee
JUST FOUND OUT SKYS BACK !!!!!!! <33333333333333
Theres been a update that add new mobs called phantom and pandas and u can swim and u have colors of all in beds
How come you dont have your own anime yet?
he has returned the king has returned
THUNDERMUFFIN!!!!!!
ive missed u
Brig back the dome
Yes he is finally back 😁😁😁😁😁😁😂😂😂😂😂😂😍😍😍😍😍😊😊😍😊😍
We love you 😘
It’s been 3 weeks...
Minecraft makes a comeback as Sky makes a comeback, coincidence I THINK NOT
The aquatic update, polar bears, parrots, I know this video now came out before the newest update where there are lots more cats as well, and there are new blocks since youve left, there are also pandas and bamboos. Writing in books looks different, and other things that I've yet to discover.
Though if you're on java minecraft I don't really know, that might be the same but I did all of the windows 10 version updates lol
You have missed a whole heck of a lot. You should go in creative one day and look at all the new stuff but you don't have to 🙂
ME IN PAST WERE AM I?
WERE IS BUTTER?
WERE IS HOME?
An era is reborn
True OG's will remember squids
Ruuuun it's a squid!!!
All hail Minecraft Renaissance of 2019. The kids are all playing Fortnite and Apex, Minecraft is lit again
Pillagers... Watch out
i love you sky
Wait a minute didn’t he say he wanted to stop Minecraft?
Are you gonna play 1.14?
Why is sky subbed to tgay
Love how he doesnt know how to swim
Zombies can't swim but they become a new mob
I’m so confused
yeah they added many stuff so prepare your self
Bro I swear if you just doing this for the bois and not because you want to
Well I hope it makes you happy ☺️☺️
Butter army les goooooooo
This is sad...really sad.
You can sprint in water to make you go faster and it has a swimming animation
My childhood. This is so wholesome
Run in water and you can swim
This is like SwaggerSouls went pg-13 lmao
Yes minecraft is back
You seemed so depressed plz be less depressed where’s that happy sky
The last time I watched him was a Minecraft video back in 2010. I was 4. Even though I was young this still gives me nostalgia.
Thank you.
More monsters
Ooo cops and robbers and do not laugh also Adam spitting fire
No more new vids?
oh you missed so much with minecraft uptades and SO DID I

there are drowned mobs, pirate ships, evil night birds, underwater villages?? new biome villages, and lots more
I don’t think I’ve ever gasped so loud when sky said he wasn’t sure if we wanted him back. I don’t know about  everyone else but I’ve been waiting for this since he stopped. 😭 my favorite Minecrafter that got me addicted to mc is back and I don’t think I’ve ever been happier😭❤️
You missed TOO MANY updates.Anyways,sorry for being late.I'm too busy to even touch my phone.Well anyways,welcome back sky
The king has returned
8 years and he hasn’t changed
wheres part 2?
wheres part 2?
😭he’s back
WE LOVE SKY


Also, can I just say that this feels so much like a childhood reboot coming back? I'm about to graduate college, and wow does this help me again like it did in high school. Thank you so much for bringing this back, and I can't wait for you to explore how everything has changed and updated in Minecraft.
Good luck hope you get the treatment ya need
Loved it
YOU WAS AT THE CLUB, BOTTOMS UP WHEN I FIRST MET YOU
My childhood is back
This brings back memories, turned on the bell for future videos
YAYYY!
He said...butter
I’ve waited years to hear u say butter 🥺🥺🥺 , it’s been way to long , WE LUV U SKY
childhood restored.
Hello 2011 I’ve missed you <3

Keep up the good work Adam!!
the👏butter👏is👏back👏
Butter King has entered the chat.
Thank you for coming back Sky!  We love you!
You forgot to add GONE SEXUAL in the title
I'm Butter Bill.
Rumor has it that the Butter king gives out likes
Replace "ends bad" in title with GONE SEXUAL ... wayy more views lol... love you Adam
I remember watching you when I was 8..
11 views 278 likes
I read the description and have on thing to say....
I am glad if Adam is happy being back in the saddle of Minecraft but I really dont want him to not enjoy it like he used to.
yo sky, u don't need the title clickbait....ur fine without it
Ohhhhhhhhhhh love it 
Also it's crazy that your gonna be playing with jarome lox n brotato! Are you gonna be family friendly PG clean? (I hope not)
how does this not have 1 mill views?
 






also i have been subbed since epic jump map butter
Im so confused. Have I gone back in time?
butterlox maks it sound like they're in a relationship.
No views. 37 likes. Ok youtube you need to sit down.
Hulk thicc
I'm actually on time for once! ❤
Did... d-did he... did he just said BUTTER AGAIN?!?!?! 
HELL YEAHHHHH IM GOING BACK IN TIME BAAABYYYY
BOY IM RE-SUBSCRIBING!!
<3 butter
SkyDoesMinecraft: Budder

Nostalgia: 99999%DAMAGE
BUTTER BLOCKS
20 view, 343 likes, 124 comments. 

Obligatory YouTube is drunk comment
Did.....Did he say butter?



OUR LORD AND SAVIOR HAS RETURNED!!
I remember when kids screamed butter in class


I miss those days.
OH MEH GOWD SKY ISH BACK 






PLZ NOTICE ME SENPAI 
(>_<)
View : 0
Likes : 102

Wow, how many beers do YouTube drink ?
First
So if you guys did fusion hah you would be skylox what would your powerlevel be 🤔
Collab with team crafted again, or at least Jerome!
The nostalgia , we missed you sky ❤️☺️ my childhood is resurrected with butter touching my soul again
BUTTER!!!!
#butterlox
Adam’s back, good for you bud, glad to see you’re having true fun again. It’s like the old Epic Jump Map videos #BODIL40
Sky I would just like to say we're glad you're back and you have our full support
I'm crying, I've missed this so much
Hope you are doing well!💜
Listen, Adam. I'm glad your back, and I'm happy for you, but your video titles seem a bit too... "over the top" if you may...
been watching since 2014! HES FRGGIN BACK YALL

also,,, 8:50 , love that yugioh reference
I was literally 15 seconds in and I heard him say butter, and I swear I almost cried.
I'm so happy sky is back also SKYLOX!!!!! XD

Edit: or should I say butterlox
I have been waiting for years and years to hear butter and that gold block cheer!! LOVE YOUR VIDS WATCHED SINCE 1 MILLION SUBS.  🥺🥺🥺 Weewhooo!!!!
Welp, I read the description, so...
WE LOVE SKY ❤
when he said butter 


THE NOSTALGIA
i just came back for the memories i love you sky <3
Lost all their items
YEEEEESSSS. WE GOT A MUSHROOOOOM.
And here we have two nerdy dads in their natural habitat.

Then we have their minions, who everyone now ships. #ButterLox4Life
Butter King has joined the server

Squid King has left the server
The voice of deadlox when he talks to sky is like nothing change😭😭
Holy crap did I travel back in time?
Also Luv ya Sky
Thanks for producing awesome content again Adam!!! ❤
When 2012 me came back from a long 7 years work... 

2019 me: I’ve missed you bro... 😢 *hugs my 2012 self*

2012 me: 
Glad to see you back Adam! You guys always find a way to make me smile!
i would make a rap about how much i love adam buuuut




no words can express it
Jesus. I missed y'all's humor so much
Someday, he'll definitely join the Hypixel hype too though. X'3

Ahhhhh, the nostalgia~ :'3
this is making me happy

brings back memories from when you used to upload all the time ;u;
I don’t think I’ve ever felt more happy after watching this amazing video. I love you so much 🖤🖤🖤
You are both so magical. I wouldn’t be surprised if you guys were unicorns 🦄
Reupload SkyVsGaming videos please???
He is back yyyyyyaaaaaaasssssas
BRING BACK TYS LEFT FOOT
most people started watchin him at like 13-14 and still watchin him at like 20-23


but anyone else(like me) start watchin him at like 6-7 and still watch him at 14-16
Lox:are you proud of me?
Me:are you proud of me mom-
Lox:are you proud of me mom
Me:OH MY
Butter King has returned! Welcome back buddy. 😊
WE LOVE SKY!!! Great vid btw!
Hey Sky/Adam, Will there be any roleplays again like the old days like The continuation of Pirates or Maze Runner??
now we can make butterlox fanfiction
UwU
YES DEADLOX AND SKY, SKY SAYING BUTTER OMG MY HEART, IM DYING, AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH IM DED hoooolllllllyyyyyy sssssssssshhhhhh-----------
Could you do mod showcases again!
omg finally a surprise, but a welcome one for sure! and they finally reunited, deadlox and sky! YAS
I legit teared up when I heard him say "butter". 
Thank you Sky. 
Us children who grew up with you..
We missed you.
BUTTER KING HAS RETUURNED!
I'm legit crying when he said butter for the longest time
Glad to have you back Adam! Also, what happened to the Project Happiness vids? Loved those!
Sky your the mvp your best and love your videos their awesome and funny as always
I’m glad you’re (seemingly) feeling better and having a genuinely good time with these, it’s always great to see you having fun!
You were my childhood youtuber, christ you give me nostalgia from year's back.
This guy used to keep me up at 3 am  =‘ )
WE LOVE SKY


if you know why i commented this then good on you
He protecc,he attac,but most importantly,He be bac
OH my God your back!! MY CHILDHOOD FEELS!!!!!!
HALLELUJAH THIS IS WHAT I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR
Sky: Butter




Me:*sniffles* NO YOUR CRYING
Nutter butter
Its been a while since I watched your video and I'm back on the sky army  Sgt. Boomy reporting for butter
Im glad to see you back, I started watching youtube by you and I will surely keep on going, sorry my english isnt very well but I fairly enjoy your content, btw try and do something with Ssundee that would be fun
Glad your back but the clickbait was not expected
Not skylox! Looking over edge
Nooooooooo!
Im really enjoying these Minecraft let’s plays  its nice seeing you and ty again 
I hope your doing well adam :)
The adventure of butter and lax COPYRIGHT
1000th comment
oh god, ilysm sky.
i hope you get well
Dude pls keep posting I love your stuff Adam
Sky: saids butter 

Me: he said it
Im early and cant think of a clever comment.
Nice.
Im grow up now but I'm still gonna watch because this has restored my childhood
To bad he couldn’t have 69 butter blocks
Also 0 views 40 likes. YouTube at its finest
Hey sky just seen that you uploaded before u uploaded i have just been watching your do not laugh vidoes and 8m glad your uploading again
im cringing at the fact...they are unaware of the combat update >.>
MY CHILDHOOD IS BACK, I'M CRYING, THANK YOU SKY!!!
Play epic jump maps again!!!
This makes my heart feel so happy. I haven’t watched in a while and to see this brings back so many good (and bad) memories. Hope you’re okay Sky/Adam 💖
Butterlox is my favorite avenger
Two old men playing Minecraft in 2019 best content ever made.
sadly thy only are 10mins but im glad ur back
What are u gonna cry? (You know the rest)
My childhood slammed into me like a truck  when he said butter
Bro thank you so much for making me laugh
My god the audio quality bring it back in the old days
Butter blocks 😢 you don’t know how happy that made me
1st noti
Guess who back back again sky is back tell a friend
Play teacher w/ Ryan McNulty, ASFJerome, NoahCraftFTW, and someone else( Deadlox, Dartron, Husky, etc.)
I legit almost forgot the butter
I'm just a simple man, i see sky i click
Haven't watched you since like 2012
Crappy mic, playing with Ty, Adam saying budder again 

7 year old me is back now all we need is Jason 

Adam I hope your depression goes away
Him: butter
Me: mah heart, mah soul
Is it bad that I laughed at them the entire time XD
sky says butter
Stop. Stop it, your gonna give me a heart attack
Butter     ﾍ(=￣∇￣)ﾉ
Where 👏 is 👏 the 👏 old 👏 intro 👏
And after all of that, ButterLOX survived the entire onslaught of the Hulk Smash. Truly amazing
we love sky


._. nice
sky you should play Minecraft smash bros like when you played with ross. Remember that game?
You are awsome i remember that IHOP hide and seek video you are awsome and long live BUTTER
OMG YES SKY I MISS YOUR MINECRAFT VIDEOS 😭😭💛💛💛💛💛💛
Now you are doing clickbate?
Itll be dope if he plays gmod,but dtill welcome back sky.
And for this kids we learnd a lesson never spawn hulk
Have been watching for the couple of years and still love these videos <3
so its being recorded from adam's pov but ty's audio?


it seems like it to me
Calling hulk at 3 am (GONE WRONG)
Hi mark lol
We got sky back now we need Bay Area Buggs
THE BUTTER LEGEND HAS RETURNED
I've been here since the beginning I love the vids 😝😄
Honestly love this!!
MY CHILDHOOD, I AM REVELING IN MY 4 O CLOCK PAST ACTIVITIES!
The butter is giving me childhood Vietnam flashbacks
Butter I thought I'd never hear that beautiful frase again
I am both speechless and happy at the same time although please don’t hate but I never really liked skylox
I have large PP!
You are the best keep doing what you do man
So, I was watching this video. During play practice where you are supposed to be quiet, Right? Yeah....when you got 64 butter blocks....i literally screamed BUTTERRRRR......people were not happy....lets just say that.....but it was so funny
2010 memories flooding back
Our childhood is back my dudes :D
It feels so good to here Adam/Sky say Butter again
Butter... wow brings back memories
This does put a smile on my face
I love how your doing minecraft vids again
Thank you for coming back. I missed you and Ty’s shenanigans
My heart hurts this brings back so many memories.
Hey just for the nostalgia try putting on filters again I actually liked it, pls do it again if u can
Yo love  the vids take time bro we don’t need up load every day man
I'm so happy your back, your leave devastated me, thank you for coming back, I understand it was a tough time and I'm sorry you were going through that tough time
I also have missed all ur vids in the past years so I got a lot of catching up to do 😂
I. Thought he ended
This awesome Sky the   Budder!!!!!!!  Is back!!!!💛💛💛💛💛💛 bi wo bi wo wo.
You are both awesome.  I watched for three years before subscribing!
These are the kinds of VIDEOS I missed, they're not high quality and professional they're homemade! Love them sm
Hope everything is well adam 😊😊😊💖💖💖💖💖 much love
Minecraft died when you left sky. Now it’s gonna come back. I love you
I WOV YOU AND BUTTER! SKY OMG YOU BACK IN THE GAME
I stopped watching Intial D for you
Yo Sky I love the new content! It feels like you're actually enjoying yourself man. Would you consider doing Mod Showcases again?
Omg your back! Its been so much!!! I mean long
No views, 184 likes, and 84 comments, #GoodJobYoutubeLogic
ALL WE GOT WAS A MUSHROOM!! It was worth it!
I missed these vids man thanks for the laughs
You should’ve but not clickbait in the title
Lol I love how 3 people are all first simultaneously
Butter...
WE LOVE SKY
💛💛💛💛💛
Target is in a no-PVP area
All we need now is for Adam to ruthlessly beat a squid.
Butter blocks❤️
#butterlox

Get this trending
SkyDoesMinecraft is back
DMC5 is coming out tomorrow

What else will happen this year to make it feel like my childhood is back?
We all love Adam! I clicked as soon as it popped up.
😂YAYYYY JUST A MUSHROOM IT WAS WORTH IT YAYYY😂🤣
when he said "butter" that just took me back
Welcome back old friend!
I missed you Adam 😭
We need the butter verified face cam again :)
Omg he is playing minecraft
Yess you are back and you are still my favourite youtuber and pls make butter sandwich
what you playin minecraft again?
Omg....butter I remember now...CHILDHOOD HELLO?!
And also YouTube has been so dead with out ur vids
When I heard butter blocks then the unconceiveable gurgling goy my all nostalgic ;U;
YEEEESSSSS THIS IS THE CONTENT I HAVE LOVED SINCE THE FIRST TIME I ENTERED YOUTUBE
OH MY GOD YOU SAID BUTTER. It’s been YEaRs
I'm so early for once! Yay!
TARGET IS IN NON-PVP AREA
Did I just time travel back to like 2013 or something?
Yes your back I didn't believe it when my friends said you were I cried when you came back still am T-T
Now THATS the sky I grew up with.
Sky, all you needed was a massive number of Uno Reverse Cards!
I’ve missed u sky my main butter man
Read the description WE LOVE SKY
Betrayal at its finest, hello member of #tgay ;-;
I love the very clickbait name
64 BUDDAHZ!!!!!!!!!!!!
Literally trying to watch this in class without laughing
B U T T E R
Never thought I would get emotional just because I hear you say butter, it’s been a while sky and I’m so glad you’re back
Can you play with Gizzy? I mean you both play minecraft again and I don't remember you both having any negativity.
i didnt get this in my noti but i just seen this in my  reconmmend so i dont know what really wrong with that
When old skys back: :D
When hes getting his depression dealt with: :DDDDDDDD
So glad I grew up playing this not fortnite
WE LOVE SKY!!!
AAAHH!! I remember watching you two guys like 6-7 years ago! This is pretty nice
37likes no views gj youtube
Oh my god how did i not realise that ur back i been a fan since teacher series came out oh my jeezus aaaaah
I actually screeched when he said butter
Oml my childhood ;w;
What an epic gamer moment
Get better soon Adam ♥️
To think how much you have been through in the past 2 years is awful. do what you want and just be you good to see your back
Title be like jay station
Hearing you say butter just made my day so much better
We
Love
Sky
Lmao 168 likes no views
Hearing you say butter brought me back some memories
WE LOVE CHILDHO- I mean SKY!!!!
Oh gosh my childhood.... welcome back! Now all we need is your original intro with the dun dun dun dun DUN!
Ah. The good old days. Just a suggestion. Have you thought about doing Sky factory with Deadlox?
You can’t spam click attack mobs now, you wait for the sword in the middle of the screen
Adam you can't spam click anymore you have to click then wait 3 seconds to click again for Max damage other wise a diamond sword could basically be hitting something with your fist
Budder is pretty darn 🔥
B U T T E R L O X
Dude do Apex and/or ark, might love apex since it's kinda like fortnite but no building
FINALLY, ILYSM
This gives me vibes of old skydosemincraft and I love it
This bring me back it great to hear butter
Thank you for reigniting my childhood hopefully you can get as good as you once were  ❤️
Meanwhile the villager is getting stronger, the hulk was only a distraction from the true threat.
Wenny but wenny but lol don't no if I spell wenny right
Bruuuuuuh imagine if he adds his old intro
Minecraft mod review when ?
ADAM YOUR BAAACK. WHERES ROSS THE SLOTHE!?
the legend had return
Who likes budder!?!
I like budder!?!?!
Do you like budder???
Hope your recovery is going well!!!
Butter blocks!!!!
You need a new intro
WELCOME BACK DUDE!
i have not watch this man for years it feels like home (also one of the first ever youtube videos i watched was from this guy) man memories
Sky, I commented on your Video update. You’ll be impressed with it
Its sad cause yall dont love him unless he's playing this damn game 💔
Did you really give your Minecraft account away
everything comes full circle
MEMORIES OH MY GOD
THERES NEVER ENOUGH SQUIDWARD
0:10 sky, you won at life now
THE KING IS BACK BABY
I remember back at 200K subs and all I did was watch your vids all day every day and my mom kept saying "TURN IT DOWN! HES YELLING BUDDER TOO LOUD!"
#butterlox
#SKYLOX #TY’sFOOT!
its ultra instinct not super instinct 😭
its only 360p xD
anyone remember when he and trumoo played herobrine's mansion
Broooo I used to watch you alllll the time as a kid and I used to call everything ‘butter’ and say it alll the time omggggg I used to loveeee youuuu still dooo
Back to your good old roots playing Minecraft with no face cam,yelling about butter next thing we know he’s gonna be fighting squids but seriously I cried my eyes out when you quit
Its spelled Budder guys
Oh sky also say feck Everytime your gonna curse
The BUTTER LORD IS BACK
:DDDDDDDDDD
B U T T E R
Wait a minute... I thought you were done with Minecraft?
0-0 I leave for two weeks. What happened to skys mic
#Tysfoot only OGs will remember that
Y r u a t series supporter
I remember... me and my sister used to watch you all the time. Much simpler times, I miss that..
this is cool or whatever but he’s subbed to t series
Watching these videos always made me laugh
HE SAID BUTTER MY CHILDHOOD HAS RESPAWEND
Damn this was my childhood when you just started making Minecraft vids with the prison mods
NOT CLICKBAIT
It really, really feels good to have Adam calling... G... O... L... D... budder again.
How do you still play this game. Its been like 30 years
Jesus, I feel like I've been knocked through time back to like 2010.  Not a bad thing, just an observation.
I've been just waiting for some butter
Oh yeah yeah bring back bacon man
Just like old times 😌
Don’t go away sky
my childhood is back C:
Top 10 anime battles
Let's get the old intro  back
Target is in a no pvp area. You couldve defeated him thrice by now.
How does it feel to play minecraft again
M e m o r i e s
I’m so glad I grew up watching sky and not Ali-A
Its like a mixture of a new but old sky it's the sky we know but...REFORMED (soon anyway once you get the help buddyyyy)
Sky I love you broo
How can u guys still play mc? I stopped over 4 years ago
WE LOVE SKY!!!!!!!
Hold up.......MINE CRAFT?! NANI?!?!
I remember watching sky after school everyday I’ve never been so happy in my life to see him uploading again
Wow your voice change alot
Bruh dis is nostalgic XDDD
ITS BEEN YEARS SINCE YOU SAID BUTTER
#DADSHIT BOYYYYY
sky army is back!!!!!!!!!!!
Could you bring the old intro back? You know the most one that explodes?
OMG SKSKSK YAY
Netnobody i love ya
Cant wait in till he starts doing 20 minute videos again
You must like the video, notice me senpei
#skyloxOGOTP
He’s talking louder this time
holy FRICK
Btw does anyone know what happen to minecraft universe true mu anyone
This reminds me of sky's old videos
One thing I just noticed why is his Minecraft username different
On the version of Minecraft you are playing on they have the 1.9 combat where weapons have a cool down indicated by the little sword under the crosshairs
Hell yeah brother
Everything is better with Butter!
Yoooooo deadlocked and Adam are playing together in Minecraft!!!!! Yaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyy
Yes my childhood. Tear drops down cheek
Adam the best
THE BUTTER IS LOVE THE BUTTER IS LIFE!!
×sings× He's back!
You actually do everything. Not only do you play minecraft, you touched the heart of all of us. You thrive to provide positive entertainment despite your depression. Thank you.
Adam... Why are you subscribed to T-Series......?
Can you play smash ultimate
Lol this guy is back he must be broke
We love sky 
Sky is da best
We love sky



No need for the rest ;-)
Butter+Lox=Buttox
HEARING YOU SAY BUTTER MAKES ME THINK OF THE OLD DAYS
Never liked somthing so fast
😍😊 my favorite childhood memories
Hey its been awhile........ I um was wondering if you knew the muffin man by any chance
SKYS BACK AGAIN😃
Oh really? You can live
Sky does minecraft ...







 sometimes
He said butter and I died
360p golore
DEADLOX WYYDYFUFUF
Brings me back to the old days
#welovesky
I love you!!!!!!😂
Butter Lord is back
Ya boi got beat on
Love you Adam
What's better then this. We love sky. 😍
A legend returns...
I have missed you
Don’t
Spam
Your
Attacks

They
do
little
I belive in yeet
BUTTER IS BACK!
We love Sky. ❤
I cant believe my eyes.....
Oh wait ears..
He's saying gold is butter yay
Oml only 11 comments
Like. 15th or something
He is baaaaccckkk
Your back and THE BUTTER IS REALLLLLLLL!!!!!!!
Adam great to have you back and I hope to see more do not laugh.
Sky minecraft is long dead
16 viewers
I though you stopped mc?
No vews, 39 likes, 8 invisable comments, yes
Looks like jacksucksatlife clickbait book
YOU'RE BACK!
DID I HEAR





BUTTERRRRRR
*Long Tall Slab Chest*
Sky i have been subbed for 7 years and even your voice just gives nostalgia and everyone you played with you are one of my favourite youtubers ever and ill never forget you for showing me the most beautiful game in minecraft much love mdud3
I love that u are coming back
Who like Minecraf
buttersssssssssss
Yo sky and deadlox back on mc has the world ended XD
We need try not to laugh reunion
God I can’t wait to see more of you and friends I miss the old days but love that there’s still some coming that you’ll enjoy
HE BROUGHT BACK THE BUTTER ORE 😫
I missed this.
I really missed this.
Butterlox lol
WE LOVE SKY
He’ll back into it soon
Memories man. Good times.
What is this?
Join callmecarsons Minecraft amp servers
20,000 views oh god you’re dying I love you but youre dying
0:10 be said the b word
Do you think he is going to play with more friends like Ross and Aphmau
He's back boys, welcome home Adam!
Glad to have you all back!
WOOOO HES BACK
my satisfation is unmeasureable and my childhood is restored.
I haven't heard butter in a while.
Spawning the hulk, what could go wrong?
Omg butter booii
Hey I been a sub for a while and plz do something but mincraft
I'll spawn a Hulk in ur mom. Hehe hehe.... Gotem
Sky: (says butter)
Me: (Smiles while tears flow down face)
39th
This title is pretty epic
This was my CHILDHOOD
Is it just me or does Deadlox sound a lot different
PLAY ON 2B2T!!!!!!!!
This video is sending me mixed emotions CaNt TeLl WhIcH OnE
Do a scp roleplay plese
#SKYLOX
Anyone remember when Team Crafted existed?
Yeeeettttt
BUTTER AND BUTTER AND BUTTER AND BUTTER AND BUTTER AND BUTTER
1:17 Fangirls intesntify
More roleplay pls pls when u get back love u so much
I love how Ty and Adam have returned to there roots, I hope they do more adventure maps
Daddy Minecraft is back
Itsa me...butter mom
Did you actually record this to this date or is this a old recording like 5 years ago
This is prob old
the last time I watched you it was 2014
HAHA HE SAID BUTTER HAHA LOL LMFAO QUIRKY MEME
This made my pp very hard
only true people will know what butter is
Butter is back
Btw anyone else wonder what happend to the old intro?
rubs self with butter blocks
people stop with the (10 views 314 likes) you get views if people watch 65% of the video!
I love this all we now needs is a squid apeared and sky kills him.
I thought he quit this and now I hear he is back
is this a past video or are you recording on a laptop? life fr i cant tell
WE LOVE SKY
WE LOVE SKY
I love sky but I love Adam more
WE LOVE SKY
WE LOVE SKY
WE LOVE SKY
WE LOVE SKY
WE LOVE SKY
19 views lol
No intro?
If that was shaggy who started with 100% of his power then the Minecraft servers all over the planet would get destroyed
#tyspig
Marry me Adam lol
BUTTER, BUTTER AND BUTTER?!?!?!
Do cops and robbers
Get the gang back together
WE LOVE SKY
You should try to play do not laugh
Ok this is epic
ky can you please play with ross, red, or bareny again pls
WE LOVE SKY!
WE LOVE SKY
Yay another minecraft video!
Dont force yourself to play pls. We love you sky!!
But it raises  and
I just want sky to yell wheezy
Apple sauce does belong on pizza
Sub to soul slayer
“And all we got was a mushroom”
Anything is worth a mushroom
Woah butters
Adam I love you (no homo)
Hello, old friend
Any of you all remember the good ol days when Minecraft was the best game
Ayyyyy!
WOOOO! New upload baby !!
Sweet he's back
On my screen it says no views and no likes
Your fans love you! Take a break!
You two never fail to be entertaining
nothing like old prison escape
64 BUTTERS.
MinecrAft again
face cam?
I'm just saying this, Does it feel weird when he doesnt say alot of bad words? 😂😂 also who misses do not laugh?
budder is back               DO THE BUDDER DANCE
I really feel bad for Adams views tbh
play minecraft with pewdiepie to save him from t series
play minecraft with pewdiepie to save him from t series
play minecraft with pewdiepie to save him from t series
play minecraft with pewdiepie to save him from t series
play minecraft with pewdiepie to save him from t series
Everyone misspelling budder
He made the drug tree
WE LOVE SKY!
so end game am i right
Is this the biggest click bait yet? XD
Bring ross back please remember the do not laughs remember the funny cringey budder merch intros with him?
I've been missing this.
Hey Adam! 😁
O wow happy birthday to me ig
I thoght he was done with mine craft?
WE LOVE SKY!
BUTTER DANCE
BRING BACK THE OLD INTRO!!!!!!!!!
I love you Adam!
I can tell Ty made the title
Back to Minecraft
#MINECRAFT BACK BOIS
Youre awesome Sky. We all hope your treatment goes well we will be here when you come back
Do do not laugh again
Deadlock and budders are back
A part of my childhood came back
oh i guess he realized his music wasnt that great and he reverted to slimy ways
Doooode I thought you quit
sick
We love sky ALWAYS
Can you unprivate your gta videos plz those got me through some tough times
WE LOVE SKY
We need to tell this on news skydoes minecraft aka skydoes everything that we are back but now we are the nobody's
When is your next video with munching brotato
118th lol
WE LOVE SKY
Gott dayum
Nostalgia...
WE LOVE SKY
Thank you          ( Adan/sky voice) yaaaaaaaaaaa
I love you sky
Do the prison escape again
Why does he still play minecraft its killing him I can tell
Ty’s Left Foot
NEVER SPAWN THE HULK IN YOUR GANE (GONE SEXUAL) ALMOST DIED)
Sky hows it going. Seems like you want to be Sky again, the budder king, destroyer of  squids
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
does anyone else miss do not laugh?
WEEZEE
The last 7 years of my life have been a lie I thought it was budder not butter
When your channels dead
Hey, I noticed your IGN is netnobody. Is this an alt or did you rename your account and lose access to the old IGN?
MY TIME HAS COME
1 view 19 likes UwU
Wagwan
Yaaaaayyyy
Yessss the budder king is back without demonetisa- oh u still have it well.... DAT HOT actually sky please don’t watch YouTube rewind 2018 it’s for your own safety
This feels like i'm back in 2014. It feels good.
The incredible Hulk? Oh no.😲
That commmeee back tho!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WE LOVE SKY
Daddy
... a piece of my childhood has been reborn...
he is back
Wait, but why the old mic?
I mean, I actually like that, rather than a clear, new mic...
But why, for nostalgia?
#justdadshitdude
NO WAY
🖤
Hes back
The Sky Army shall reunite again. WE MUST FORM THE BUDDER KINGDOM AND DEFEAT ALL SQUIDS!!
LETS GO
Well hello there
nice to see you back on micecraft
Lets get it
im gonna cry
Sky is back
Love u sky no homo
Squad
YES
Lmfao
Do more ross
We love sky!!!
ty’s left foot
butter
He's back
❤❤❤❤
It may have been a mushroom but it beats a squid spawn egg
0 comments? are you kidding me
Hellz yes
First
First
First
Yaaay sky
Run 🏃
Hillo
We Love Sky
I just want to say I’ve missed u I’ve been subbed and watching ur vids since I was 5 u are the biggest remodel I’ve Ever had the day u said u were done with Minecraft I was super sad but I supported ur choice and I just love u man no homo tho
Butter
When sky came back I cried
Omg BUTTER
Are these new or reruns ?
**NOT CLICKBAIT DONT EVER SPAWN THE HULK**
I thought Adam didn’t like acting kid friendly
Butter
YAAAY
Love it and miss it
#dadshit
Yay my child hood is back
Mineeeeeeeeecrafttttttt
Hulk is buff pickle
I’m going to cry
#dadshit
OwO? Wats this?
BUUUUUTTTTTTEEEEERRRR
Only 2011 kids will remember.
minecraft!!!!!!!
I want him to do a mod showcase so it can bring back the memories.
SKY ARMY
Wip and nay nay
Do not laugh again.
Minecraft?
Still no ads
Is this real I was 18 now im 8 years old
Hey 2nd
Woooooo Adam! Butters!
Butter armor
I miss my childhood
Momlox😅😂🤣😇😂🤣
Tony stark:all right avengers let go and stop thanos

(Sky & deadlox walk in)

Tony stark: who are you tw-

(Sky hit stark with butter)

Sky:your hulk destroyed me and his home

Tony stark:I'm sorr-

Deadlox:SHUT UP

Sky:now DIEEEEEEEE 

(Sky repeatedly hit start with butter block)

(The rest of the avengers left without stark)

Deadlox:here uses this Sky

Sky:thank 

Tony stark:what is tha-

(Hit stark with butter again)

Deadlox:we said SHUT UP

(Sky take tony suit and hit him with it repeatedly)

(Tony blood is all over Sky face)

(Tony dies)

Deadlox:we did it 

Sky:and all we got was a mushroom 

Sky:YESSSSSSSSSS
<3
Hello
Omg my childhood it’s back....
BUTTER BLOCKS!!! #DadShit
LIKE YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Omg my childhood is BACK 🎉🎊✨🎆🎇🎈
360p gang
Squid
We love sky
god is back.
Hello
What?
Omg
😔😔
Noice
Adam I have been watching sence team crafted animated I got one of those tube hero’s of you I didn’t like it when you changed to music but I still and always will support you and your future endeavors
When are you going to do another try not to laugh and when will you play with max and Ross
Yes
You guys should reunite Team Crafted. I really miss y’all playing together. Sky, Deadlox, Jerome, Mitch, TrueMU(Jason), Ssundee, And Husky.😀😁😁🙃. Maybe to bring back who I was 7 years ago🧒
Second lol
Hey
We love skyyyyyyyyy
Oh hi mark
yes
Hello Sky
Fourth
Wait what year is this?
Thanks
Skylox
Buddder
Wasup
Hi
Hi
Hi
One butter from sky = one yee yee
Love
Sky having to relearn Minecraft is simultaneously sad and funny
Please bring back/do one episode of modded cops and robbers pleaseeeeeeee
Where barney at
This is what happens when you destroy your career and try to come back. Rip sky
:)
Butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter butter.
What's happening, im confused and happy? I thought he quit Minecraft
Budder
Sky you should put your old music in the background of your old videos in the background of your videos.
Uhh what
I hope I see ross in future episodes!
Ah nostalgia, it’s tastes like butter
Hiiiiiiiiiii
Yeah
yes
Hi sky
firstttt
It’s ty
yes the real content is back
Adam add the squids don’t you remember them
One thing that has changed while you’ve been gone is the combat. Spamming the sword like you did now does not work as well as waiting to strike when the little sword on your screen in the middle has filled back up
What happened to ross
Childhood entered the chat
<3
Hey Sky do you not playing UHC UltraHardCore with somebody YouTuber in Minecraft.
OMG
BUDDER
When he started playing minecraft again? Want views more than thats understandable!
yeet
Oh wait you started doing minecraft again? Awesome, if you dont mind me asking what made you wanna do it?
AWESOME VIDEO! Have a good day!
sky or Adam whichever you prefer are you still gonna play with all the other people you did youtube with live ross mithzan or even thatguybarney
BUTTAH!
First
SKY, LOX MA CHILDHOOD BOI
My childhood
Sky has been one of my favorite YouTubers for years and now that I go back and look I’ve been watching him for over 8 years and his humor and everything has helped me get through a lot and helped me take my mind off things when I couldn’t deal with it, I don’t know how I could convey how much he’s really helped me but I’m just one person with the same story as many but still he’ll always have a place in my heart and I hope he takes his time and gets in a better mind set <3
Sky
Omfg I thought u weren't a stupid 2 year old on Minecraft but you once again are
Budderrrrrrr
Firstttt
Talk with Husky and make him explain y he left.
Miss the old days of cops and robbers. The old gang should get back together and make a vid on it
1st
I know there's only 11 but why dislike this?
Minecraft yeah Minecraaaaaaffffftttt
hi
Hey sky just wondering if ur ever gonna bring back skyvsgameing if u don’t want can u at least put the old videos I like to watch them because I find them really funny especially the bowling one
The hulk movie we deserve.
goes back to 2014
Sky play minecraft with jerome
Already clickingbaiting, YOUR A TOUTUBER AGAIN???!!
I can’t believe I’m enjoying watching Minecraft again
Great video.
Yay!!! Sky is playing Minecraft. Childhood is back!
YEY
You can't spam hit anymore,  that sword under your indicator is your charge
It’s sad because the joy has left his voice
Wait a minute didn't you say that you were not going to make any videos for three weeks because of your depression?
2nd
Where’s Rosssss
First
Of all places why did the Hulk come here instead of Infinity War when Banner needed him most??
budder
Omg he’s back I’m so happy
Oof
Swallowing children is always fun
Why are you playing Minecraft man? You are totally faking being happy. Do what you want, not what the kids want.
Oof
GO BACK TO HATING SQUIDS
You can't spam the attacks anymore
Sky return to Minecraft Suicide rate dropped to 0%
Too bad i got first
Hulk is a thicky
WHERES THE SKY VS GAMING ARCHIVE, YOU SAID YOU WERE GOING TO MAKE ONE IN YOUR LAST MESSAGE VIDEO 6 MONTHS AGO?!?????!!?!??!!
Now I’m in the mood to make a world just to fill it with squids so I can blow it up
I’d still love to be able to meet up with sky, went to mine on 2015 just to find out he wasn’t going and then never had opportunities
Adam sounds human this episode and not like a a cancer patient
Hulk angry
It’s rewind time
Aww! It’s so nice to see the YouTuber who created my childhood to be back! Thank you Adam! I missed the old videos so much!!
Tbh sky and deadlox u are crazy awesome 😂 not even doing this to suck up or get attention.  I don’t even know if you are going to read this but if you do just read.😁 know u r awesome!
Sky I genuinely request you get into contact with Jess,Barney,Ross, Mudkip and red if you haven’t already. Regardless please get better I know depression is hard to go through,I myself went through depression for 3 years of my life, and I’m 13. Get well soon mate I’m looking forward to you picking the pieces of your self back up and getting back out there...-the_original
Hello childhood I’ve missed you
Who is better pewdiepie or t series
Man it’s like i went back six years god all i need is tobuscus to become relevant again not by keemstar and i will actually cry
Q
Suggestion: You should maybe do videos on other games besides Fortnite and Minecraft because there are lots of games out there that are better than them. For example, Super Smash Bros is very popular but youtubers don’t get that many views because it is mostly competative gaming. Just focus on Comedy and a variety of games and you should be fine. Have a great Day!👍
server ip 1.12.1 to 1.13.2 mc.seikocraft.com
Since hes doing minecraft again, can we have pirats season 2?
Lol first
1st comment
You gave up on your dream because of money lmfao
Red Dead Redemption 2 Minecraft Role play series.  Please.
