WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE RIGHT NOW IN THE WORLD???!!!
"Some people did something" 🤡Honk Honk🤡
00:45 

One of the background screens shows porn. Jesus CNN sort your staff out.
No mention of the off duty ice agent that saved more from being killed?
Passover worshipers.
why is there pornography playing on the screens in the background?
Why is there porn being played on the screen next to his left shoulder @:45?
Why is porn playing in the background?
Four "Hebrew worshipers" attacked in California.
What about Sri Lanka?
another unfortunate act of terrorism....sad
Why are there so much terrorist attacks this reminds me of the one that happened on Easter Sunday I wish you the best of luck if you and\or a loved one has been injured in the shooting may God bless you
This is heartbreaking. Our world is in such turmoil these last couple of years. First the Christchurch slaughter followed by the shocking revenge attacks in Sri Lanka and now this.
Notre Dame arson, NZ Mosque attack, Synagogue...
Wait, are we being tricked into a Holy War?
How can this happen? California has “gun control”
A Mosque, Church and a Synagogue attacked in a span of a month or so. WHAT THE HELL
Sending love from Christchurch New Zealand. How tragic and heartbreaking. 💔
but then when it happens in a "third world" country with 300 dead, nothing is said. Nice one
Sending love from Venezuela, God Blees america.
I just saved 15% on my car insurance by switching to Geico! 🚘💰👍
Peace and love for everybody from france
Why is it not a terrorist attack? Just a "Hate crime"? The double standard of media is sinking.
Cmon man another 1???! Smmfh.
This has to be a miss understanding because it is/was clearly marked at the front door, “No Guns allowed!”
interesting stuff on the screens behind him
All crime is hate crime
now california will pass more gun laws that criminals wont follow.....all im gonna say aside from people need to start loving one another.
Sick! 😥😥
Forget WW3, HERE COMES A HOLY WAR👉🔨
This is a terrorist attack no different fro. A bomb strapped to a chest
Yeah but why did you barely cover the Sri Lanka bombings?
America 1945: let's destroy the Nazis
America 2019: this
our hearty condolences are with the vitims. love from Pakistan
Visitem também o canal da Igreja Pentecostal Deus dos milagres. Tem oração e pregações Ao vivo 
Deus abençoe vocês! !
Where was this outrage for 300 "easter worshipers" slain in hate crime in Sri Lanka? Don't let a good tragedy go to waste. right?
CNN caused this. They love it. The leftist agenda comes to fruition.
I like how cnn leaves out that a off duty border patrol engaged the shooter first
Glad to see them strict gun laws are working just fine in commiefornia!
“NRA was founded because they recognized that some people did something and that all of us were starting to lose access to our civil liberties.”
Shocking. have faith Hannukah worshipers . .
Hate crime? I guess the suspect was not brown coloured and have a beard.
some people did something to some pass over worshipers, the day a day of living in a big city
May GOD grant the deceased heaven. Amen.
Thank g-d They just practiced an act¡ve shøøter drill a couple months back, like They also did before Pittsburgh.
thoughts & prayers.
Are you guys flashing porn on those screens in the background? Bit suspicious some of those clips...
Thank God that border patrol agent shot him before he could hurt more people
I really don't know why I care anymore. And that's just what the elected officials want. They'll beat us down until we're bloody pulps that don't have the heart to fight back against their crap anymore. They get the power they want and don't care as they watch their country burn. But I can't help this growing apathy. This happens all the time. When we finally buckle down and fix this, thousands of people will still have died for nothing. It'll be a pyrrhic victory at best.
Unfortunately I have pretty much lost faith in humanity
“....full of envy, MURDER, debate, deceit, malignity.”  (Rom. 1:29)
I love how you reported the rabbi got his fingers blown off better make sure you know what you’re talking about before he reported he got shot in the hand
persecution of the church coming realllll soon, y’all get ready, stop playing around n get serious 😴
Im from SD, poway is such a calm rich friendly area, alot of elderly
1 dead, ‘BREAKING NEWS’... 300 blown to bits in Sri Lanka..... crickets.  The media is a domestic enemy.
"Someone did something" 🤡👌
RELIGION strikes AGAIN!!!  Thoughts & Prayers MORONS!
AGAIN!👍
California has the most strict gun control in the nation already. And it has failed yet again.
Gun laws didn’t work?
Over 200 people murdered in Sri Lanka, no biggie

1 person killed, hate crime ;)
Looks like some people did some things to me.
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Mr.Krabs sells SpongeBob's soul for 62 cents.
We need more people with discipline to start carrying! I believe this show is not done! New Zealand, Sri Lanka, now the US and all through history are in the spot light. We must remember this cliche: "VICTIMS WHO SHOOT BACK LIVE LONGER"
My brethren, the world indeed is coming to an end ... these are all some of the signs that our Lord is coming again. 
Let prepare ourselves to go with  Him when He comes.
bro the world is so messed up now my god
A person did something
Lets go California gun laws
Now that's a low score
Honk Honk
🤡🌎
I bet none of you know that a off duty officer stopped the shooting while he was there. They wouldn't want you to hear how someone with a gun stopped a bad guy with a gun. That would be wrong.
Gun Laws = Easier targets for mass shooters
I'm sure there were some very fine people on BOTH sides...
It was the damn IMMIGARANTS> deport them all.
Second Amendment strikes again. 'Murica
His fingers blown off he said.
Lol
But a Muslims hand got injured Vice Versa
Guess we know how he feels
😱😭🤲
Stop killing each others 😢
SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST
Ask Linda Sarsour where this jihad is from !
When did Alfalfa start working on CNN?
CNN the toilet of news
QUICK! PUT UP more of those Anti-Gun signs and restrict gun owners further (if that's possible), because it clearly works!!
Captain America grows old and retires. Iron man dies using the glove to snap. Thor joins guardians of the galaxy. Black Widow dies to become a stone
Is it Trump's fault CNN?
Good job reporting this story 2 hours late.  Rather it be verified then labeled fake.
Shalom. 
Prayers for strength to those affected by this horrible act of hate.
Heartbreaking .. really sad  :(
from the words of the great hillary clinton "there was only 1 killed, what does it matter"?
We stand with you, Chabad Communuty.
Unbelievable. Not unexpected at this point but still unbelievable that this continues to happen. I weep for our country.
It's not guns it's people
O.M.G My Iphone jajaja
Wtf world please 💔💔
😔 ,
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏻🙏🏼🙏🏽
Here we go again. :(
Today was a good day... for CNN
Media, mayor, cops all liars!!!! titus 1:14
But California has strict gun control, but not much border patrol.
Look, just because someone did something..
big media is big gay
Um quick question can someone tell me how this is trumps fault and why
Blame Farakhan like Megan McCain
Leaving all politics aside, my sympathy to those who were worshiping God on the Sabbath, in peace and sincerity. Shalom...peace.
Just one person died not a dozen thankfully
Ilhan “Some people did something” Omar
new zealand srilanka and now usa
Reload reload reload
No Saturday worshippers CNN?.
why is he smiling?
I'm still confused?
Yeah , but  Blm r the one too watch
Watch them use this to further anti white racism.
Another one? 🤔
I was around there
He's a CNN supporter...
Who would ever think of
 a Country full of guns.  That this could happen!  Thats nuts...
Hanukah worshippers xD
So...Netanyahu and Trump meeting just became even more awkward?
Gun control is making is worse the more the goverment infringes the right to bare arms the worse it will get
Satan is not a good master like jesus christ.
Faith in Humanity -100
Let’s build the wall
this man face got me weak you can see he's seeing a horrific image in his head as he reads.
We must stop all the hatred being taught on college campuses.
The, "Thug of Berkley," was the tip of the iceberg.
Its OK there is good people on both sides - TRUMP.  Now watch the hypocrisy from the WH
Mass shooting and nothing happens
omg more mk ultra
4.

200+
Another terrorist attack and wtf is trump doing about it I'll tell what he's doing....not a gotdamn thing
More forreskins for Moloch!
wth is this literally everywhere in my recommended and WHY did trump respond?
It's Not a terrorist attack unless it was done by a Muslim!!
That is exactly how most republicans think!!
Go to 0:45 in the video and look at the panel to the right of the guys shoulder. playing at half speed makes it really obvious, but once you start looking you'll find that there's porn hidden all over the background of this video.
Some person did some things to Easter Worshippers.
What about the guy driving his car in to people in California?? The other day???
He keeps saying synagod.
Julián Castro takes 'eye-opening' tour of Las Vegas tunnel homeless encampments. You must mean the manufactured illegal alien crisis? Julian Castro a
fool! 😲 Laud Ham Say'n
I praying 🙏🙏🙏 for your all so sorry this need to stop now 🙏🙏 🙏
This is tragic.
At least these lunatics are switching scenarios from schools to churches, no that it is good either for sure. A better way should be to channel this anger in a battle zone.
Wait. Another one?????
We better learn to stand up and stop all of this violence it is up to us
There were good people on both sides
Good people on both sides of the barrel.
One less mudskin.
it's the radical Christianity now
Terribly tragic.....really.....continue!
Wait... What? Where's the shooting?!?
I wish people would just behave
The United States has become isolated in the whole world, and today we see that only US supporters have two corrupt governments in the world, Saudi Arabia and Israel, who hate the whole world.
VERY FINE PEOPLE IN BOTH SIDES
Can’t even go to church smfh
I guess God isn't coming after all. We pray and pray and the criminals keep winning
Damn.  Crazy.  Too close to home
Those poor souls... not good...
wtf man.
cnn tells partial truths only,and those that their monetary bosses like the most.
Once in a while karma actually works out.
America, the best country on earth. Land of the free and home if the brave.
Pain is pain...you can become stronger for it but it's not necessary...even better without it if you want everything and all power...pain gone matters...that's why I always preach comfortability to emerge...always...truly...honestly...
end times! prophecy...persecution!
Cool now let's move on it's just another normal day in the world... :(
This is not cnn news
Hey CNN?? Gonna say it was Trump's fault? Lmao oh wait it doesn't fit the narrative
FALSE TEARS CROCODILE TEARS AND PRAYERS DO NOT BRING PEOPLE BACK AS KILLING IS EASY REVIVING LIFE IS TOUGH WAKE UP STAND UP FOR YOUR LIFE
Solo bad  soo said  like this
minimal casualties, i think it was a success considering. Many more could have died.
even though I'm athirst I send my best and my condolences for the victims who were injured and though who lost there life.
Torture your guns. Gun owners. Gun are violent.
We need to start killing these nazi’s & kkk on the low for real♠️♠️♠️🃏💯
Since only one dead did someone shoot back?
No doubt Trump inspired the murderer.
Awwww all the poor little bagels.
Another one of our soldiers ! 😈😈😈💲💪
On a lighter note it could have been lots worse.
In California?
I guess with all of the rhetoric coming from the dems,he did something.
fortunately only one dead, unfortunately one dead.
Strang how the suspect always gets out unharmed. 😢
Calling this atrocity a ‘Hate Crime’ is a good start.  Now can we describe it as ‘Terrorism’?
ladies if they are sister, if not, if wife just they know love nothing else. only we the men are the reason to destroy the peace around.
damn shame in the state with the strictest gun laws in the nation and they still do this
Who ever did this deserves to get a bullet shot up their urethra.
This is too much now who ever wants to hate and you can't stand sharing the world with a particular race go kill yourself instead. Leave the innocent alone+++
He'll go to prison but then he will be spared from long prison time...bet u
Smh...
I love how y'all have hate crime in quotations. Like it really isn't but "some people said it was" Really pisses me off.
With all else, THIS is the top story?
it's a wonder that they weren't described as non Easter worshipers.....
Not a hate crime but terrorism
No sane person hunts innocent people, just sayin'.
Republicans:
1. Were founded in 1854 as the anti-slavery party.
2. Signed the emancipation proclamation by executive order.
3. Passed 13th Amendment ending slavery.
4. Passed 14th Amendment giving equal protection and rights to former slaves.
and I was at a bar mitzvah today...
Mashallah, may Allah bless them. Love my Jewish brothers and sisters
One person dead!!  The Rabbi had his fingers blown off!!  😱😱😱😱😱
Jesus this was close to me
This is one reason why depression is on the rise. People Suck!! And you can never get away from it. 
It's so heartbreaking.
Low score.
Again, ZERO on the shooters name and background....
All place’s of workship should be guarded by law enforcement.
God bless the family's of the victim's and God Bless law enforcement.
Terror attack
Guns + hate = recipe for Terror and since they are so accessible anyone can be the chef.
Seeing this is just a MAJOR facepalm. March for our lives happened for a reason, and those students plus everyone wanted to change gun laws and stop future shootings. Government didn't listen and it keeps happening.


1 shooting in Australia occurred, never happened again. 


America, what is wrong with you
Always a shame when LIBERAL LUNATICS act out in such a disgusting manner.
The growing unity of the White Man will be a force to be reckoned with.
Surprised this is not happening more often. You push the envelope with anti-white hatred, you're gonna have some unstable white nationalist strapped, ready to roll.
Isn't life under Trump and his peachy fans gotten so much smoother and peaceful since 2016! So much better
with the wonderful improvements in
brotherhood! I'm so sick of winning
every week!
Shocked that this happened in Poway. I went to college in San Diego, and Poway was one of my favorite cities, because it had less traffic, and it had a smalltown vibe. I got my car tuned up at the local Toyota dealership, and they even gave me a free can of sanitation wipes that had a $25 off coupon if I returned it empty. But I digress. This is tragic.
This ain't a christian news network
"Gun owners make our communities safer and they make our nation stronger"
The Donnie Trump syndrome: Divide, Conquer, and Destroy. Go after your enemies and take them down.
Another government hit
This is tragic. Sending love from the Philippines.
watch him not get the death sentence
Go to x22report on you tube for some more of the truth
Another tragedy. I fear that these heinous acts of depraved violence are a mere prelude to what we'll see if Trump is removed from office or not reelected in 2020.
The bomb has been defused
My prayers go out for these EASTER WHORSHIPERS.
Wait, just a question.
Don't synagouges have armed guards?
We need more of a deterrent for these types of crimes. If convicted, automatic death penalty, no reprieves, pardons, etc. No appeals. They go straight from the court room to death row and the sentence is carried out within 30 days. I also would like to see them hanged by their packages for 24 hours right before execution, but.. probably won't get that.
WTF was God?
Thoughts and prayers are with the Passover worshippers
What's  the story  with the nose?
So aren't CA gun laws supposed to stop shootings from happening? I thought criminals obeyed laws once they were in place my mind is completely blown by the fact that CA gun laws aren't ending shootings.
smith mundt modernization act 2013
Crazy
it a lie it fake, all the story the same, the always catch bad guy fast for public don't panic! and all other shit like Alway between 9am and 11am!
I’m actually afraid to go to church now
my love and prayers for you all, such a tragedy!  God bless you
I bet it was thanos
Ty to California police for asking our security company to spread our services if anyone needs us 6Delta6.com for our dispatch and security services.
Oh my god I live in Poway.  I had a feeling that I was going to hear about a shooting in my neighborhood sooner or later.
False flag. Somebody is getting nervous over what is about to happen in May.
Fingers blown off? That’s terrible.😢😢
man i used to live near there
Again .. Fake CNN
THE RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED
Christian terrorism will become more and more common as rightwing populist parties gain power.
How convenient
Sending love and hope and prayers to California ❤️
Indeed The end is at hand. ....Churches on target
utube, crisis actor same-lady, this is proof it fake, and utube" plastic paramedic"! fake stage in London!
And we still have people like ilhan Omar, rashida tlaib in Congress. This is only the beginning
This is a result of the Left allowing Jew Haters into our own Goverment The  enemy within
"people just are not good to each other
,
the rich are not good to the rich
,
the poor are not good to the poor."
-Charles Bukowski
Leave it to the Clinton News Network to cover something that most likely a ff
Right next to my house I heard the shots…
Passover worshipers.
GOP swamp does not care that people are murdered daily. VOTE them all out in 2020!!
How could he kill only one?😨 Bad aim?
Praying for all concerned in this ugliness.😿
Damn people are messed up.. Who does this. Wtf is wrong with people these days.
Praying for all of them 🙏🙏🙏
yoursalso.com/faith/
This is part and parcel of living in a big city.
Some people did something huh?
The people who say that USA needs to 'change it's culture of violence' are the same people who binge-watch Sons of Anarchy. People who chastise us about 'worshiping violence' are also the people who watch The Walking Dead, and fantasize about being in a zombie apocalypse so that they too could shoot zombies in the head. The same people who, on their 5th episode in a row of Breaking Bad, watch Walt ruthlessly murder someone, and say 'wow, what a badass!'


I challenge anyone who claims that a 'change of culture' is on order, to show us all your TV, Netflix, and Youtube history. Let's see if it's so easy for you to practice what you preach.
I'm getting use to it heh
If only the suspect had taken some Anger management classes. Maybe he will get what he needs now
Mother Earth will reset itself by attracting a one mile asteroid.
That man who did the shooting is the best man ever.
That was my sisters classmate
I've always wanted to go to California
WTF why all this unnecessary hate!
Good job to the police for quickly apprehending the suspect
All places of worship is now in trouble for protection from Almighty God.Why will this be a problem for anybody to go to any house of worship.????
SHALOM TO ALL AND PRAY FOR ISRAEL 🇮🇱
SOMETHING IS GOING ON...MK ULTRA POSSIBLY? GUN CONTROL?🤔
So will Obama and Hillary call them " Passover Worshippers?"
this is all part of the plan. What they want you to do is be like "YES WE WANT MARTIAL LAW" so that way they can take us all to FEMA camp. This is all an agenda. We in the end times now
May Allah SWT have mercy on their families. God bless them...
We literally have to focus on defending colonies to not turn into a fallout than focus on exploring out in space.
"in recent days, people will do worse and worse"
Orange man bad
I call this mad cow disease
Fake asf!
Sad to hear. Things are getting worse out there people. I say this to all people of all races and religious beliefs... Stay safe, loved, and protected. My condolences to the families.
Omg
Looks like somebody did something, thanks Ilhan
Love can defeat all of this hate
Demonic humans! Go figure you are what you eat, demonic blood eating
why does this kind of stuff keep on happening :(
BUT STILL NO MEANINGFUL GUN REGULATION.
Why are the beating around the Bush talking about the suspect
The Democrat Party is the party of hate.
They hate: God, Babies, Marriage, America, Our President, Our Freedom, Our Liberties.
lets move to china
Sounds about right...wing.
😟😟✡️
Fake News Network, I just dont trust them
Why do I not feel sorry for them?
Damn man, I live close by to all this, wtf is wrong with the world
How many hate crimes have happened so far this year??
Are we not safe anywhere? ;-;
I think trump is calling quits on the "make America great again" everything just got worse
I think we're witnessing the last days according to the last book in bible...???
I send my condolences to the loved ones of the deceased. These terrorists make me so freaking  sick. This is one reason why I don't practice religion.
Guaranteed if the Off-Duty officer hadn't been there, more people would have died.
Smh... No safe place in this world.
so many terrorist attacks man
Its like its happening everywhere in america now almost every day it's a new shooting
But California is a DemocRats ruling place with strick gun law. Why is this happening.
Now they dont have to talk about the easter bombing ...they are gonna make this a bigger deal even with radically less victims.
The goyim know.
Peace in the Middle East and Southern California!
Damn, guess the strictest gun laws in the nation didn't even work
The World Is Definitely Coming To The End So Much Corruptions On The World Today And That's Sad People Not Safe Nowhere...
End of days
Who is the suspect and why don’t y’all put his face out and his name like u do to minority’s
PRAYERS... TO THE LOVED ONES OF THE DECEASED AND INJURED AS WELL...🙏🙏🙏 #HEAVENLYFATHER #HEARUS🕊🔥🔥🔥🕊
Me listening to lil dicky Earth 
1 later This video
Oy vey !!!
It's not assault style rife it was a rifle used in assault if I hit you with a spoon is that an assault style spoon
People like IIhan Omar & Rashida Tlaib incite violence against the Jewish People and there comments praised by the media. Blood on your hands.
While this is sad. Nevertheless all religious people need to reconsider policies they support that are also destructive. 
Hundreds of children die from cir¢umci$ion. Where is anyone's tears for them?
The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun...off course CNN is not going to inform you that an Off-duty Border Patrol agent with a gun confronted the shooter.
Most likely fake
Why is the black reporter smiling about the situation
Cali has a lot of arabs it that state and it also could of ben a cell that travel to cali .
White people need to apologize for this act of terror.
Senseless. The Jews are among the smallest minorities in the planet. So why don't we gang up on the Basques or the Sami?
Oh no
I love the religion of peace! ....alalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalah
Damn
😢
😢
This is why everyone should have a gun
fakeeeeeeeee
Time to start killing nazis again .it's worked before it will work again .
A massacre of 1. Only the yids could make that work.
How do you stop a bad guy with a gun ???  A good guy with a gun .  CNN fake news !!¡!!!!!
I  live less than a mile from the synagogue.  
I am a Christian and am devastated by this heinous crime against our wonderful  Jewish community.
 POWAY is a peaceful,
 family oriented town with little crime
My prayers and God's comfort go out to the our Jewish community. 
We are blessed to have here in Poway.
Blood sacrifice for April and BAAL!
This is a prime example of a good guy with a gun stopping a bad guy with a gun.  Shooter got shots off before the border agent reacted.  (The agent can't read thoughts) and once return fire started the coward mass shooter ran away.  This  scenario may have been much worse (there would have been no opposition to the shooter)  Hooray for the good guys.
Mental health issues or unstable..
I live here and my friends dad died and my friends friend got shot
ANOTHER ONE
mileswmathis.com/xchurch2.pdf

mileswmathis.com/xchurch.pdf
One man's hate, makes you hate even more, makes you hate an entire group of people, maybe even all people, and you think HE is the monster..you monster
Found out who the shooter was... realized I went to school with him and knew him... damn...
Why is she blinking like that ,its unsettling
Another shameful act by evil in this week (India)
Jesus come in back
Not enough information about this crime why?
What makes people be manipulators or what makes people do these things...don't they know there are no entirety power pathways these ways?...
Omar talking against the Jews leads to things like this.
XD
Imagine that. Very sad and may God comfort the victims, but look who is running California, and New York is just as bad. You have demons running those two states and it will only get much worse
when someone tells me there's no racism or antisemitism in america, I'm like ^
Passover worshipers?
When will it stop???
XD
the people around are getting made due to such bullshit leaders. come together to kick them out and bring ladies to be the leaders.
Tragic indeed.  How many were shot and killed in Chicago today?  Cleveland?  Washington, DC?  Anyone know?  Anyone care?
Killing because some believe in a different God... totally ridiculous
I'll be attending another vigil ;-;
75% of young Americans live in fear of a mass shooting taking place. 

“U.S. Leads the World in Stress” youtu.be/moa2IfJ5YNQ via @YouTube
Man I hope these Passover worshippers are getting better. Besides, some people did something. It’s not a big deal.
God rest their soul and I hope the others have recovery. God bless and stay strong.
*Cast terror in their hearts, to force them to join alah - the quran*
wtf l had a deja vu about this
STOP MAKING THESE KILLERS RELEVANT! DONT YOU UNDERSTAND WHY THIS KEEPS HAPPENING?
Why this happen in every weekend in USA
White culture hate ideology striks again
It's not a weekend in America without a major shooting anymore.
Damn, religions are going at it hardcore, everywhere.
Wait, California is a strict gun law state. The attacker used an AR-15, which is banned in California, and attacked them in a gun free zone.
Why didn't he follow the law? How did he get an Illegal firearm?
It's almost like gun control doesn't work
Another hate attack.
This is so sad and god bless the families that are suffering from trauma that is just so scary god bless all Jews love from Mira Mesa, San Diego
0:24 A "Sin A God". OK, it's CNN dumbing down the world.

My sincere condolences to the families and friends of the deceased and injured.
😩😩😩😭😭😭😭😭 really America???😨😨😨😨😳😳😳😳🤯
Sad😢😢
Thank you white people for running and ruining this country simultaneously.
Sadly, there is no profit in peace
It's like someone is trying to start a global religious war
trump 2020
The world is rapidly heading to the end, always was, but the rate of insanity is almost weekly, soon to be daily across the earth.  Perhaps good people should carry firearms to protect themselves and others. Think about it.
Will they say he is mentally ill.
Looks like all that Gun control stopped him lol, now go pass more laws that criminals will ignore.
That’s what they get for treating us like slaves
CNN did around 3 reports about the bombs in Sri Lanka. this is the 12th about the shooting. cant wait until you blame Trump.
Lets guess the race of the shooter. What would it be this time...... So hard to guess...hm..
This part of the globalist agenda along with invasion of the US southern border.
What did he not like about the Jews exactly?...because they're different from him?...which is why he killed them?...sheesh...
I bet the shooter is proud to be a deplorable.
Another shooting ...? It's almost monthly now. GUN CONTROL NOW!
"There were good people on both sides" should haunt America forever.
// They Should Have  Locked The Doors And Used Camers, Then If There Is Someone  Standing There In Jeans And Somthing  Suspicious  Under His Arm On The Sabbath  Then He Is Not A Member ,Its Not Rocket Science  ,My Sad Condolences  For The Victims  And Families. !!
Omar
Theres no way a conspiracy isnt going on here
Why are there even manipulators in the world...let alone people who do these things?...maybe the man who did this didn't have something in his heart of love to guide his instincts in life about these things...something specific like a person...maybe someone to talk to him...to listen like I always happen to say about shooters...if he had someone to at least listen to him...maybe he wouldn't be into these things of what he did...someone in his heart...or something...someone powerfully in him and dear to him as a good influence too...not just anyone I suppose to listen to in his heart as someone to listen to for instinctual guidance...so...bad how this happened...
All shooting is a hate crimes..
FAKE NEWS
Why can’t the world be peaceful?
1 Jew gets more coverage than 300 Christians.
TRAMP 💰🔯🇸🇦🇮🇱🕎🐖💨👈😷🤭
My condolences to all victims families of this horrible act ...All around the WORLD🙏
Can we not ban guns?  I mean there's no point in owing a gun other than causing harm
GAS THE JEWS
Here comes the white nationalist demonization again(👁👁)
What’s up with you right wing extremists? I’m conservative and this is a bit much. Chill out.
Fake news
Why it's not named as an attack of terrorism! However, if the criminal claims Muslim, he must be called a terrorist! Double faced world 🤐
Youtube: "Hard to believe how bad Chabad hates non-Jews." 
How sad that no one regulates such hateful cults.
My prayers and heart goes out to those that were killed and injured.❤️❤️🙏
Hmmm funny
I grew up with guns i know how guns work and how to respect them my dad told me and my brother and sister guns are not toys or not something to play with so this what he told us DON'T BLAME THE GUN BLAME THE PERSON WHO HAS THE GUN god bless all of you my prayers are with California right now
How do we manage mental illness? It isn't illegal to be mentally ill. Must be prepared for the unthinkable. May God bless the victims and all who attend services.
World is turning into shit!! Soon we all are going to die because of us!!
Somebody did something to some Chanukah worshipers
The fact they labeled it a hate crime but this is straight proof that mainstream media needs to call it out when all the info finally comes in. If the suspect did literally have full motive of doing it in terrorist fashion (doesn't mean straping a bomb to you and running a building. ) call it a terrorist action. And awful person doing actions as horrible as this for some sick facist political movement cant label and a person that needed help. Some of them can't be saved. There are though who can change we have seen proof of that. But we need our government start taking these incidents seriously. We know the FBI watching all the tine trust I know th will look at this because bomb was a key word they look for online.  But we have terrorist and other psycho like prior synagogue shooter and the Dylan roof. They plan this stuff online with other people in chats, forms and other places in the main web and the dark web. They need to investigate them just as seriously.
....and i thought my country was the most dangerous place on Earth....i was wrong....
White on white crime it’s an epidemic
We know who did it. There isn't a question of motive. Not for Shi Lanka not for Notre Dame
Another one of Trump's degenerate follower doing. Figures.
Wait a sec, difference between hate crime and terrorism?
Wow. Only 1 dead and 3 injured? That's surprisingly minimal compared to the shootings before😔
Revelation 2:9  and Revelations 3:9
Wow another shooting. What's new?
Qué pasó????
OMFG I can't do this anymore. This is why I have panic attacks  because  of shit like this makes me sad
We need guns to protect us keep a gun with u 24/7....
Its called Domestic Terrorism. Do something about it America.
Barr wrote: “The Special Counsel’s investigation did not find that the Trump campaign or anyone associated with it conspired or coordinated with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election. As the report states: ‘[T]he investigation did not establish that members of the Trump Campaign conspired or coordinated with the Russian government in its election interference activities.’” 
HERE'S WHAT MUELLER ACTUALLY WROTE: “The investigation also identified numerous links between the Russian government and the Trump Campaign. Although the investigation established that the Russian government perceived it would benefit from a Trump presidency and worked to secure that outcome, and that the Campaign expected it would benefit electorally from information stolen and released through Russian efforts, the investigation did not establish that members of the Trump Campaign conspired or coordinated with the Russian government in its election interference activities.”  Notes on the Mueller Report: A Reading Diary By Benjamin Wittes
TRAITOR! A TOTAL FUCKING TRAITOR AND A NUT DIRECTING NUTS TO KILL. THIS HAS TO END. CALL YOUR CONGRESSPERSON DEMAND HIS SILENCE, HE IS COMPLETELY OFF THE RAILS.
1 - An admitted Israeli-hating individual did this.
2 - He said he also hated Trump because Trump is sympathetic to the Jews.
3 - The left's position against Israel probably fueled this.
4 - The left will blame Trump for this.
CNN is controlled by the pedophile elites someone should rush their business locations with fully auto's.. But who would report their deaths haha
There's a murder almost every day in Chicago...Why aren't you people commenting on those cases?
Hardly to believe.Why appears at every "crime scene" a pink lady?Apropos,Rudolf Vrba aka Walter Rosenberg from Topolcany survived two weeks Treblinka,was then killed in Sobibor and escaped a little bit later as a member of the gas chamber Sokos Auschwitz and ,was the main witness of the joke Morgenthau board.What a große show….
The Rabbi put up a defensive move with his hand ( not sure if it was his Right hand or Left hand) but I can tell you for sure it was a hand. A bullet ripped through two of his fingers, possibility losing his Index finger (also referred to as the forefinger, first finger, pointer finger and Trigger Finger.  Here's something for the anti gun enthusiast...everyone who owns guns should have their Trigger Finger removed, this should cut down on gun assaults in California for sure.
Anyone else spotted porn playing in the background? LOL great job (((CNN)))
What did I say YESTERDAY !!!   45 gives a horrible, violence inciting speech at NRA rally ... Plus, he doubled down on his stance that all those shouting "jews will not replace us "  Were very fine people ...and bam.. we get this the next day !!!
Bann all guns. The only way to stop this.
Pay attention to how much coverage this gets and how it's framed and then remember how they cover churches that this happens in on a daily basis.
The right wing hate groups should be considered terrorist at this point
We are the world we the children we are the ones to make a better day so less stop killing.... What happened to live and let live....
Just White People Doing what White People Do.
A hate crime makes it a MAGA crime.
Read the bible and figure it out.  It's a prophecy in revelation 17,18 that in the last days all false gods   and false prophets will be cursed.   Babylons will be punished.  You won't understand it anyways even unless you go to Zion the true church.  Look it up Micah 4:1-2
no mention about the off duty border patrol agent  that stopped the shooting cnn is the worst news agency
BAN GUNS!!!!!!!!!
Is a synogogue like a mosque but for jews?
Omg how many of these events are going to happen before the government takes action, this is sickening
Is the shooter one of those "very fine people" like the neo-Nazis who held a tiki-torch parade in Charlottesville while shouting anti-Jewish chants?
Looks like the US has become a terrorist hotspot in the last 3-4 years.  Clearly, something is fuelling it. It's ironic that the US should accuse other countries of being "state sponsors of terrorism." and does so little to address these acts within it's own borders.
For the record,  the media is getting the report totally incorrect,  the shooting didnot occur at the end of Passover. The Passover, which occurred 7 days ago,  is observed for 1 day only,  the following day begins the High Shabbat of The Feast of Unleavened Bread which runs for 7 days.  Today marks the end of the 7 day feast,  not The Passover.
so NYT published a cartoon.... is this their fault then?
They cry in pain as they strike you. They want to fast track laws that favor Jews.
Did the terrorist say "Jews will not replace us"?
was it a Muslim or a redneck?
Who is the shooter?😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Sounds like another made for TV fake shooting to me
I knew this was going to happen, false flag for the Democratic Socialist party to star grabbing guns. Mark my words their will be more to help push their Communist agenda. This is what the Communist in Sacramento want and how the work. Once the guns are gone so will the First Amendment then the forth. This is what the Democratic Socialist party wants for you nation. I can see Gavin Nussen rubbing his hands together and in a evil voice sat "excellent". War is coming,  FACT!!!
President Trump emboldens these people full of hate
Count down to  "Thoughts and Prayers" 3... 2... 1...
What kind of shooting does not involve hate. Hate Crime? All shootings involve hatred.
Guess those gun free zone signs in California are gonna have to be made 4ft taller and a few inches thicker, huh?  Although how a criminal in California could illegally use a gun, because, you know, LAWS... is just amazing.
USA has a lot of problem inside the home,but try to have influence around the world.-in Ukraine,Syria and other countries.Bad idea.,stupid people
What’s the name of the suspect? C’mon CNN, why won’t you tell us?
1 like = 1 prayer for these unfortunate people
Jews will not replace us !
Trump good people on both sides !
California's strict gun laws + blackmarket = another mass shooting
It doesn't matter if guns become illegal...mass shooting/killings will still happen unless we focus on the real problem...the shooters/human beings.
This kid was only 19 years old and he already had so much anger that he was willing to murder people for his cause/statement. I am more interested in finding out who was influencing, bullied/abused, and corrupted him.

Thank you for reading my comment my fellow human being who is tired of this too =)
ISIS must be proud, americans doing the work for them
Someone has died 💔
Donald Trump and the Republican party are indirectly responsible for the right-wing terrorism and murder that we've been seeing for the past two years. The encourage it and they turn a blind eye to it when it happens. Remember that, when you vote in 2020.
WTF!! GOD DANM THIS PRESIDENT AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!! I hold him and the Republican Party responsible for this environment we're now living in. He has repeatedly encouraged this kind of violence by his response to these kinds of events. He's a phony and most of all he'll put up anything for his position. The next time he opens up his mouth encouraging this kind of s*** he should be sanctioned and impeached. fuk him
Any aimless attack that takes place in a place of worship is a hate crime! It's not hard to determine that
This is so wrong,  this is crazy! My prayers and thoughts are with the  innocent victims,  their families and friends! Included in my prayers are our country and leaders!
Notice how every number has a 6 in the beginning... Sounds right with the situation.. 👿🙊 #Devilswork
Why are people attacking places of worship. So disgusting. People who go to temples are peaceful individual's why are they being targeted. This planet is so sick.
Hoax... another goddamned Falsified event to divide and disarm
hate crime means he is a white person
Us “Easter worshippers ” send out our condolences to the Satan worshippers in San Diego.

Shalom.
This type of thing is very sad. I feel for the victims and there families and wish those survivors a speedy recovery. As I've read some of the comments below I just want to point out that in this video they do not say what nationality nor religious or political beliefs so lets wait before we start saying things that are not confirmed yet
Ohhhh....that's tooo bad....what about Palestinians murdered in daily basis by "neverending victims"....
Why do so many people hate Jews, but love Japanese? Both are minorities. Very strange.
Here come fox news and conservatives blaming the left for this like anything that happens to Jews they blame it on the Democrats or the Left.
CNN Sucks!!!
Considering Trump's disastrous actions in regards to the Palestinian/Isreal conflict, throwing the palestinians under the bus, we can undoubtedly expect more of this. Plus, Trump has painted a target on every american living in the Middle East with his disdain for palestinan rights and grieviences. Of course, this may not be an attack by a radicalized muslim. It could well be one of the "fine people" that Trump believes are in the neo nazi movement.
XD
Lol why am i not surprised
Hitler is laughing from hell
A bomb strapped to a chest, :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
* * * The nuckle dragging NRA members may now celebrate another senseless tragedy, compliments of guns and bullets. This den of schmendricks constantly lobby against any limits and boundaries concerning murder weapon ownership. Damn their trailer houses.                       Oi Vey
How many more attacks and shootings on religious groups and people will we see this year? The violence is going way to far  :(
I know for a fact this is a white man because race was not brought up and they did not put up a picture of the guy that's always the case because it's soon as a black man would have done something like this his mugshot would have been up already in the words would be a black man did it these people who are doing this need to be held accountable
Don’t worry tomorrow is coming, and when it does this will be yesterday’s news.
So sad that social engineers know that 
Diversity + proximity = conflict
But contiue this forced project anyway. 

Time for a positive change ❤
Damn 1 killed, so sorey, to bad it wasn't Donald trump.
You know it was a muslim.
Bet you a billion dollars, this dude is a Trump supporter...
You'll never stop a criminal from doing bad deeds. Because they just don't care.
What religion were the victims?
So weird Leftist don’t usually do shootings until before elections.
What shooting is not a hate crime ?
How long did it take CNN to pin this on Trump??
Can't we all just get rid of our religion, color of our skin and see that we are all humans
So if the shooter was motivated by hate then "this is an entirely different case"???  The whole concept of Hate Crimes is asinine.  Someone murders a stranger for no particular reason and somehow that is less of an offence than if they did it out of hatred?  So stupid.
My regards to those who suffered in this shooting.
Hate crimes have increased with 200% since Trump is in office.
Assault rifles are banned in California therefor this story can't possibly be true..... FAKE NEWS
Again? Honestly! It’s such a shame that I would have to say that. It’s becoming almost normal, I’m honestly disappointed.
A lot of stupid people commenting about nonsense here. Get a life!
All hail trump.    Jews will not replace us
This guys name is John Earnest He posted a 4,000 word manifesto online and live streamed this to 8chan
Will there ever be a time where we don't see anymore shootings in America? human life means nothing there, zero
How come nearly all of these mass shooters get taken into custody?
Leftist Logic: 
Guns kill people, and pencils misspell words.
islam is peace, really??
Trump supporters of course😒👍🍄🌰
Well CNN, going to blame Trump for this too?
Islam isn't violent.
No mention of the off duty Border Patrol officer who was armed and shooting back at the gunman. That could be the reason so few people were killed and wounded. My prayers to the dead and wounded.
is it a white person again
These Demonrats in office need to abolish their plans in creating gun free zones and disarming innocent people from defending themselves in tragic events such as a mass shooting . if members in the congregation had been armed and if it was easier for Citizens in San Diego to obtain concealed carry permits this kid would have thought twice before conducting this cowardly act .
Meh, like 25 times this many people were shot in just the first two months of just this year, just in Chicago. But for some reason none of those were worthy of CNN's top coverage. Wonder why this shooting is? Oh, right, because Jews.
Religion and sky fairy worship....the root of 50pc of evil
9 billion people on this small rock humans are loosing thier minds.
CNN will drop this story like a hot potato because the shooter was a never Trumper
It's super Scarry kamala Harris  and Bernie sanders  would let a person like this to still have the right to vote. That says a whole lot about them and who they are.
FAKE!!!
Do not keep this terrorist in jail!!! Execute him on National tv!!! Send him to Texas, We’ll do it for you!!! It’s time to fight back, CHRISTIANS!!! “ Do Not Leave a Cow Standing “
Why the jews?? They are peaceful when we got Muslim and Somali issues....could have went after them
Abrahamic religions are cancer to the world
Trump is responsible for the Raise in Hate Crimes
Blame trump in 3..2..1..
How sad is this
Oh look another shooting
I feel bad for the Passover worshippers.
Stupid reporting,  why emphasize that is was a hate crime.  It's 1st degree murder.  Same punishment.  CNN  is the worse
Not surprised, there's probably another shooting going on as you read this comment. America definitely the safest country to live eh?
Tramp is in the sea, and does not know about politics. It's a TV shaman, and a big liar, a divorced man, is a sexually explicit grand gambler and a real racist
They are quick to say 'Hate Crime", must be a white dude.   29 shot in Chicago last weekend, did not make the news, wonder why?
Tramp is in the sea, and does not know about politics. It's a TV shaman, and a big liar, a divorced man, is a sexually explicit grand gambler and a real racist
This is written in the bible we getting close to the end of times people need to seek for god hes the only 1 can save u in the after life for eternity smh its only gonna get worse its never gonna get better to much evil to many people filled with hate etc etc smfh safest place to be is inside your home strapped up & even there sometimes u not safe thats why u need to be strapped up
One can tell the difference between a terrorist attack and a hate crime. Just gotta figure out if the shooter was yelling "Judith" or "Jew-Death".....
Umm I get that it's terrible but so many more people die in my neighborhood every weekend and you guys never cover it. Only on 4th of July weekend you sometimes do. Definitely pick and choose
The Bible says you Edomite white people will be Destroyed off the face of the earth and these last days Devil's
Nine billion people on this little rock people are loosing their minds more every day.
Romans and Syria still at it
it isn’t a terrorist
Who could possible hate jews and why? I wounder why.... oh goy!
It is now doubly important for the Democratic party to get a handle on some of the rhetoric coming out in recent days from their ranks. It only takes one unstable person to hear something on the news or in passing and then process it in their warped mind resulting in a tragedy. Saying Jews are like cockroaches, or that they control the finances of the country in a nefarious way - these are old antisemitic tropes that have no place in politics. I hope the right people get the message
WORST PANNEL EVER!!
Didn't Trump say "the Jews will not replace us" people are "fine people" yesterday? Shit falls downhill.... There will be more of these...
Bet we won't see "Pesach Worshippers" in the headlines
Just reading most of these comments, you can see that the majority of the worlds mentalities are just what they are prophesied to be in these times. This is one evil hearted, self righteous and callous generation, I'm glad it's the last.
End ZOG
Revelation 22: 12 "Look, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and I will give to each person according to what they have done."
Evil will always pray on the defenseless, if a concealed carrier would have been in the group then the chance of the attacker being the only one to leave in a body bag would have increased.
Revelation 2:9 , Jeremiah 14:2- these are synagogues of satan filled with imposter jews-the real jews according to the bible are BLACK!. This is just the beginning of GODS wrath!  But  mainstream media doesn"t want to talk about that!!
Oof
Why does everyone these days want to kill each other? I like to imagine a world where people could live together in peace. I can do my thing and you can do yours, Im not so sure if it's possible anymore. Everyone is trying to control each other, greedy corrporations create news with the purpose of dividing us just so they can get views. Accepting and tolerance has to go both ways or we are doomed.
Leftist Logic: 
Quick!! 
Blame all gun owners, and Trump for this tragedy in order to benefit from it.
Very sad. But whats going on at 0:45 five TVs over and 3 TVs down? play it half speed if you can't see it.
As a jew I am for the right to bear arms and this is what happens when you arent prepared. I go to chabad, etc and normal people would have extra security details etc especially on high holidays. Pittsburgh didnt have it either. Jewish organizations alloticate extra money for this in budgets automatically which is y despite hate for jews u rarely see this. Dont know details but my guess chabad due to level of orthodoxy and shabbat/passover didnt put those measures in place
Holy crap another one? When are we going to start calling these TERRIST attacks!?
Why are the CNN reporters laughing while talking about this story? There is nothing funny about this situation.
Sounds like the copy-cats are starting and no one is safe - What's next? Doesn't matter. People are insane. Guns are so pathetically easy to get.
Leftist Logic: 
So our strict gun laws didn’t stop this mad man???? 
We need more Cow Bell(gun control).
Hate crime = perp being white 
Terror attack = perp was any other color than white.
Just Another Nazi Liberal from California. You would think with all those gun laws they wouldn't be able to commit an attack like such.
Dang people need to just chill out and respect other people’s rights! And religions! And sexuality! Gender identities! And races!!  Holy crap I’m scared to leave my house this is getting ridiculous
PROBLEM IS NOT ENOUGH GUNS IN GOOD CITIZENS HANDS.
Ban AR TYPE WEAPONS.
staged dont believe the lies people
Religion needs to be ban across the globe. These superstitions need to stop and people need to grow up!
Im sure this very fine people got the inspiration from maga chief 😏
Just gonna ignore the Islamic terror attacks like those at Sri Lanka and focus on the few "white" guys who do small time terror. It's almost like Fake News CNN has an agenda. Hundreds of people died at Sri Lanka btw.
This is a senseless tragedy no doubt, but it is far sadder to me that the 300+ dead in Sri Lanka on EASTER SUNDAY have already been forgotten about. It was literally the worst terror event since 9/11 but 1 dead Jew triggers far more of a response.
He must be one of those "fine people" Trump was telling us about.
Thoughts and prayers to Passover Worshippers. Some people did some things.
Hmm... I wonder how many hate is in the comments...
what the hell is with religion always showing up in these news videos, as well as it being the end times, or its trump or its fake news. yall panic to much. This keeps happening for a reason people do not just snap and start going guns a blazing. you need to stay clear headed and actually use your brains instead of acting like all you got for a brain is a big hole in your head. In all reality this isn't your problem to worry about other than the people who are involved. best you can do is take note of the situation and let the professionals handle it. its just entertainment to watch these things happen to all of you at this point, it isnt healthy for all yall to be indulging yourself so heavily on whats going on in the world negative wise. for one their is more important things to worry about like protecting our own and it also just will make you a person who is no fun to hang out with not to mention crazy. Sometimes its better to loose track of whats going on around the world and just forget rather than push your emotional limits every day.
At least religious people believes their gods fixes everything from before anything begins like forever or something truly and honestly...I don't know Jewish religions though...something commendable I would think...a good standard to want for the world...
America, no longer the land of milk and honey. Is sad to see the principles of the constitution being so devalued by ignorant stereotypes and hatred.
Fake jews
I'm sorry I hate to be "that" guy because this IS a tragedy but I would lying to all of you if I said this dudes nose isn't weirding me out because it looks like a ducks foot.
Trump
Why r republicans speaking out against all this they care. Demos don't really care.
why, Why do people do stuff like this? This is stupid, people are shooting each other for what? Uncooked lasagna, divorces? What is wrong with people?!
How's that strict gun control going California? Huh? Huh? Huh?
No one says this is white terrorism. Why? White terror has killed more people than anyone else.
Why is Trump our president when he can’t even change the FUCKEN GUN LAW???? People shouldn’t have automatic guns. I don’t care how unsafe they feel. You don’t go hunting after deer with an automatic-weapon.  Why can’t our country look up to New Zealand
Why didn’t your government do something after New Zealand?
Why are ppl still shocked by this. !!  THIS IS AMERICA !! Home of the active shooter's
Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha
Fake jews
Dont let this distract you from the fact that Tony Stark and Black Widow died in Endgame
Imagine a world without superstitious beliefs, so calming.
The (((media))) will give this far more attenion then it ever gave to the 380 "easter worshippers" that died in Siri Lanka. Gee I wonder why
I'm surprised CNN even reported this since it was an attack on jews.  Now lets all invite the muslims into city hall tomorrow morning to lead everyone in prayer just so they won't be offended or triggered and not to spread islamaphobia.
Trump will be like.."well there were good people on both sides"
6,000,001
?
"There were very fine people on both sides of the shooting." - Donald Trump
Stop giving these people a name, this story probably already has over a billion  views with the combined videos and media stations everywhere, he is famous for doing what he did, and it is the media’s fault, like what are you guys doing as the media? Telling people what the bad people did that we have no control over? Shut the fuck up and maybe it won’t happen as much.
This world is turning into a despicable place to live, this country and the world needs to start focusing on mental health issues. There needs to be free facilities that cater to individuals who are challenged mentally. When innocent people have to worry about going to worship any where this is an epidemic here and other countries. We had a free facility here in Washington, D.C.called Saint Elizabeth Hospital, that was shut down during the Reagan Adminstration. I believe he closed most of these places to trim the budget at that time. There is pure evil in this world and there is mentally challenged of the population and I know both categories are responsible for all this hated, but at least mental issues can be addressed, being evil only God has control over that factor. We as tax payers need to press our government on this problem until they do something concrete about it. I will be praying for the people of this community for healing and the families that are affected by this God awful travesty.
Free Palestine
"sinnagod"
Thank you GOP for our 2nd Amendment rights.
Shooters don't attack what they hate. They attack what they wish they are a part of but somehow feel excluded from it. I'm not saying this person wants to be Jewish, but he sees something within that community he strives for but can't seem to acquire. The attacker was, in a terrible way, attacking himself. Trying to kill that part of him that feels excluded, neglected, unobtainable. But his actions today makes him feel more excluded from the actual thing he wishes to be connected to. But he is forever connected to it on the fringe. In other words, he is living an ironic hell that will forever repeat itself.
Let's not jump to conclusions.  He might be a Christian and therefore a very fine person. Or an evil Muslim. 
Fix it in 2020.
Vote Bernie.
It's hard to take this seriously when it says: at least 1 dead
Must not be very chosen, if they keep getting shit on. Good start, lads.
😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬☹😥
let me guess MORE GUN LAWS? happen in a gun free zone in a Restricted gun state..... I WONDER honk honk👌👌🤹‍♂️🌎
The world will be a better place without religion.


Nuff said.
Muslim ?
Nobody cares anymore. Not really. Same old. Same old thoughts and prayers. Same old pro-gun arseholes saying people kill people. Same old argument about the right to bare arms 300 years ago.  Same old nothing. Same old people dying for nothing. Because there's no correlation between guns and these deaths. So nothing. Shoot again, shoot away. The world's hard and apathetic to it. We roll our eyes and America carries on gunning itself down. Good luck.
My heart and prayer  goes to the family of the victims , I know what you’re going trough  it happen to lots of places of worship  this evil behaviors is fuel by social. Media and  hate speeches against Muslims  Jews  and Christians equally  and this has to stop  .it
Should be a law against  hate speeches that target  Muslim Jews  Christians or any other religion. 
It’s time   To put police officers  by the door of all mosques  , synagogues and churches .
This evil behavior has to stop .
Oy vey not the passover worshipers
America is turning to shit. We need to do something more about this. Better gun laws. Better law enforcement. Law enforcement at every single place where som like this could happen.
Sad that he only took out only one schlomo.
Why is this more important to CNN then the 300 dead in Sri Lanka?
🔔🔔🔔🚦🚦🚦🌳🌳🌳🌲🌲🌲🍇🍇
i dont get why this is such a huge deal to everyone...
Sad story. What about the story of the Mexican guy running over people?
A war on religion is about to start
In this day and age all we can do is prey, prey to Jesus!!
Democrats strike again, will the hate never end!
Omg wtf
Some people did some things!
Very sad, pray for that family. 11 people were murdered in Chicago this week...just saying. First a Mosque, then a Church, and now a Synagogue. Sorry, not stupid.
Ilhan Omar and Rashida Tlaib are having a very good year. Much to celebrate!
this is why we need more good guys with guns.
Thank Trump for this. he could do something about gun control, but won't.
i wonder why people keep going to religious places to get shot
don't their gods protect them?
Rabbi .. what cha doin' ???
One thing I will say if we don't put God first in this country and in this world we're going to see a lot more of what's going on now what's wrong with people they have no fear of the Lord they don't care and there's no love I pray we turn from our Wicked Ways and ask God to heal the land thank you for your time and I pray you read it
What motivates them is Trump.  He gives them that extra confidence to do what they do.  He literally tell them them that it's ok.  They are "very fine people"
😭😡we are all BRATHERS and SISTERS  Why Hate  and kill a uman being because they are jews ? This is scary me and hurts me ..Enaough is enaough the propagandists must be stopped 😡😡Im with you jewsh community ❤️❤️🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Abolish the NRA
Hunters have more sense on their own.
CNN is the true enemy of the American people. If it wasn't for people like the ones that work at CNN and MSNBC this country would be peaceful.
Cynogod..
These straight white males must be eliminated because  they don't realize that diversity is their strength.
These shooters also inspired by Trump!!!
Media love to bring up hste what about muslems as apart of there cult is to hate juews and christians . and protesents preaching jesus is love lensame sermon throgh in hate for catholic
1 dude does an act and a City gets locked down because he has multiple  shadows? Makes perfect sense when comparing 22 cases of Measles can that  generate mandatory vaccinations for everyone. This is rational thinking for today.
Still, nobody suspects an atheist. Hug an atheist today.
Trumps America
This makes my day!
Why people kill people.? Love live men.
They should have strict gun laws in California.
I blame Fox News.
Ilhan Omar and Rashida Tlaib are having a very good year. Much to celebrate!
That is all Democrats from California can do, using violence then blame it on Trump. So low.
We as citizens' of this world need to take a close look at ourselves and ask just what are we teaching our children.  Are we teaching them to have empathy, cognizance and tolerance of our fellow citizens?  Or are we preaching hatred, fear and insularity?  No single religion, culture or race has all the answers.
May the Lord bless these injured people and their families.
"Some people did some things"

They should be looking into the followers of ilhan Omar
This is what happens every day in a country where any one can get access to weapons of war. #Murica
But if we banned guns this could have been a much nicer stabbing spree like in Londonistan... Wouldn't you rather be sliced up than shot? Guns kill, knives prep foods (and kill people)... Which is why I am hereby calling for all of the pockie sticks to be filed over round and the sharp edges coated and beveled round if not banned altogether (if not banned). No more corners or hard surfaces and no more heights either! Chainsaws and power tools? Are you even kidding, no way! Baseball bats Nerf or nada. Come on guys we can do this. The world can be a safe place where nobody ever dies a horrible death unless by cancer or dementia or mental illness or.... oh suck it I'm taking my toys and going home.....(stomps off)...
Seriously.   We NEED to bring back public executions AND public torture for these kind of crimes!
This is becoming a normal part of American society. Trump and the news need to start educating people about that fact that statistics show that most acts of terrorism that occur in America are perpetrated by White American men America needs to come to terms with these problems and then the country can start to heal
IM just waiting to hear that he used a so called "assault style Weapon" which they're no such things its a verb.
I thought that "Assault rifles" were banned in CA?  Well, this is all the more reason to ban all guns.
Bruh look at this mans beard
Fake, California's strict gun laws would have prevented this if it really happened.
I'm from Chicago and I send my condolences and prayers to all the people in California that is affected by this tragedy
This is so ridiculous we must stop this prayers too all of the families involved in this horrific sad horrible sick disgusting event
110% Fake News  don't worry there will be plenty of fake news to come your way
### im voting democrat 2020
ANOTHER WHITE MAN WENT CRAZY. HOW MANY TIMES ALREADY THIS YEAR, BUT THEY LOVE TO TALK ABOUT BLACK ON BLACK CRIME. YEA OK.
This is why religion is Toxic. It is almost always religious people that do this stuff.
Time for the world to realize we are all at war with Islam!
An epidemic of sociopathic viciousness has taken hold of the United States. It's expressed in these shootings-- and it's also expressed right here on this page. There are many forms of violence. Many degrees of violence. 
Right here you will see verbal violence, immediately. 
We are absolutely coming apart. 
I consider the United States to be entering a state of mass psychopathy and, except for certain pockets of unusual health and moral consensus-- points on a map that hold concentrations of strangely civilized people--, the culture at large is becoming, objectively, a dangerous environment for human beings. 
I realize that crime rates are apparently not that high overall, but I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about generalized anxiety and fear. 
The nation is saturated with fear, and it should be.
Trump did it
And yet you have gun laws in California? 
Criminal with gun. Victim with none. 
Here are the results.
Sie könne hier noch nicht den Homeland Security Helden spielen die Al Kaida Türken haben ihr polnisches Kontingent verfressen
There's a lot of White Supremacy posts below, they have NO place in society.  Along with any other group that promotes hate and/or violence.
The NRA solution is flood America with more and lethal forms of guns sad
1 killed 1 injured "WHAT A TRAVESTY"
300+ christians killed by Muslim extremists "in other news a few churches were attacked today"
How is the most strictest Gun Control Laws doing in my California? Obviously nothing. An Armed Security officer or Civilian would have stopped this incident immediately! 
Better to be armed, than sacrificed by some lunatic! BTW: I blame Social Media for these horrific acts, not firearms. A firearm is just a paper weight in my home.
This is becoming a normal part of American society. Trump and the news need to start educating people about that fact that statistics show that most acts of terrorism that occur in America are perpetrated by White American men America needs to come to terms with these problems and then the country can start to heal
i wonder what religious ideology the shooter had bet that wont be talked about some these aggressive religious followers always going at it when dogma rots the brain yet everyday there is some mission being done in the name of these aggressive faiths a nock on the door trying to convert it causes tension who else is feeding them this approach other then the ideology itself  whether its a racist cult or a religious group its crazy how extreme people can become for their beliefs an politics is becoming similar Jews don't proselytize like aggressive religions its sad to see they where attacked we need more efforts not to unify religions but to show unity so to speak to show this mixing pot we can co exist an no extremist or terrorist is going to stop that. it starts with finding ways to educate the American population on the religions we have and giving people the American people the opportunity to get to know other religions in the community's they live in instead of trying to convert each other we need unity to shine
This is an all out war between extremists on both ends. On one side you have Islamic extremism advocating on religious grounds, and then on the other side you have white nationalists advocating on racial and religious grounds. This violence has to end. What we need is proper American leadership, not Trump. US presidents have always led the free world with peace, not anymore with Trump. Sad.
Another Trump wannabe Maga bomber, my prayers for the victims
all the snakes slithering out, make america white again.
god bless these victims and families, god guide us all.
We strike again :))))
The, "chosen", looking to outdo everyone else's mass shootings, if only because they're supposed to be the most important, newsworthy victims. Get Out!
Trump's base
The most dangerous person on earth is the white   man
Again.....?
Лол,ничего не понял,но было очень интересно
Кто русский ставит лайк
Who is english,go like to my comment pls)
Lol kto znaet russki v amerike?
Even our most sacred Sites are not being respected, God Almighty provide wisdom to our leaders and citizen's to overcome these tormentous times, prayers go to all those affected. Only with prayer and supplication as a nation will we influence a change for those that have been influenced by hate and violent speech. 
AMEN
Absolute madman.
Thanx Trump...smh
Probably another Trump supporter.  It's become a trend =[
Ten bucks says the Neo-Nazis are at it again.
This is in my backyard now its personal
Rip
No one:

American media: Here's another mass shooting to scare you to vote to ban guns.

Youtube: Ban all things guns!
CNN -  Put the yellow in Yellow Journalism.
First a mosque, then a church, and  now a synagogue...
I think it's time for a guns license ... I don't feel save period.
Yet another one of Trump’s ‘very fine people’ killing innocent people. Again.
R.I.P.
First comment
Typical USA..move on ppl
I'm livin like Larry, but these people sure ain't
Imagine there's no heaven
It's easy if you try
No hell below us
Above us only sky
Imagine all the people living for today

Imagine there's no countries
It isn't hard to do
Nothing to kill or die for
And no religion too
Imagine all the people living life in peace. .

Sadly this will never happen. You can only imagine it.
Muslims time is coming to end🤣 wait there will be more lol
Just a DAY after drumpf doubled down post Biden speech and praised the 2017? tikky torch bearing mob chanting “Jews will not replace us”. Words matter ...Trump is dividing the country EVERY DAY.
CNN is the hate crime.
This is truly Trumps influence on gun toting NRA members. When will you learn.
I suppose Trump believes that the killer was a very fine person.
as a wise man once said : There's fine people on both sides .. I don't have a doubt about it and you don't have a doubt about it.
Whenever I see CNN all I can think about is Crafted Network News or Clinton Network News.
All of this violence, thanks to the racist in the white house.
Liberals will exterminate all Jews to pave the way for the Mohammedan Conquest.
This dude literally looks like he knows it was a plan
This not big enough to classify as big as New Zealand or sir Lanka
Must be a Muslim who did the shooting....they are not mentioning who did it!!
must have been a really poor shot, UNFORTUNATELY
2 Timothy 3:2 Paul says that Perilous times would come and the love of many would grow cold.  The Lord Jesus said  before His Coming the conditions of the World would grow worse.  Come to the Prince of Peace, not the peace the world offers, Only the peace that Christ can give.  John14:6  Jesus said I AM THE WAY THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE, NO ONE COMES TO THE FATHER BUT THROUGH  ME."  He said.  "For there is no other name under Heaven, given among men, whereby you must be saved."  Pray for the victims.
State facts please
Wait till the conservative trolls take over the comment section. If you don’t like CNN you don’t have to watch it ☺️
It has come to the point that I don't know what to think of this: CNN makes stories up and most hate-crimes are hoaxes. What to make from a broadcast like this?
LIBERAL CALIFORNIA, I bet The suspect will pretend to be a Trump Supporter, to make him look bad. All this Liberals like Jussie Smallet.MEANWHILE Israel want's to name their Golan Heights and Town after Trump.
This terrorism Trump, DECLARE IT SO!!
we are a broken country.
More NRA victims
Awful.... likely another of Trump's fine people...
The Holocaust part 2, one Synagogue at a time, stop the madness ! 😱 🔯
They’ll never call this a terrorist act. It’s a white guy, come on now.
MAGA perhaps.
Black dude looks way too happy reporting this
Welcome to the trump effect
I hate Terrorist in America ......please think like humanity
Ilhan Omar  is to blame for all the hate and violence against jews.
Why would they shoot up a synagogue!? (((No reason at all!)))
Who ever committed this HATE CRIME has to be a pretty big LIBTARD!!!!
Goddangit, why do these guys always have to destroy my kind?
Thanks Trump!
I blame CNN for this with their anti Jew Ways should be sued in federal court
So they tackle down the killer!! Sound about White!! 😡😡😡😡😡
I'm sure the shooter was a "very fine person". Right?!?
Everybody who is able should carry a weapon nowadays
Let’s ban religion already
There were good people on both sides - puppet
It looks like some people did something.
Oh well.. them jews have committed worse atrocities. The illegitimate and illegal entity know as Israel or Jew land for one.

Tit for tat I guess.
Thank you Ilhan Omar.
Why not have 'breaking news' everytime a gang member kills another on the streets of chicago and every other major city?
Some Trump supporters helping Trump and the GOP.
Why do people do this STOOOOOOP!!!! 💔😭💔
Tramp is in the sea, and does not know about politics. It's a TV shaman, and a big liar, a divorced man, is a sexually explicit grand gambler and a real racist
I'd like to express my sympathy with all the Passover worshippers harmed in this incident...
White people back at it again LOL 😂🤣
We all know what persuasion the suspect is! They have a history of foreign and domestic terrorism!
Watch some pigment impaired ofay trump supporter get on here playing this down.
The United States has become isolated in the whole world, and today we see that only US supporters have two corrupt governments in the world, Saudi Arabia and Israel, who hate the whole world.
trump is causing the “HATE CRIMES”
It must've been a white dude or else they'd have killed him and plastered his face all over the internet
Trump Effect
Trump Supporters ? Reasonable question to ask when so many planning terrorist attacks so far have been Trump Supporters and he gets such support from the Far Right
that the norm shoting in schools church you guys have to get use to it only going to get worse
Let's see victims then?
Let’s make more gun laws even more stricter and ban more guns. For the sake of all people’s safety and lives,we shall also track down anyone with any weapons in the name of order!!! Obey the new laws we shall give you people like law abiding citizens of the United States Of America!!! 🇺🇸 🔨
Breaking Just in fresh off of the wire no one cares .
Angry White Male Syndrome (AWMS) is a very real disease.
Tramp is a great fool. Tramp is a great fool. She has taken the honor of all the presidents in the world, a fool who
This news....is like July 4th for Trump & his punk@ss supporters
Oh boy here we go again. Ban all violent video games.
Ever since the Charleston shooting, the men of our congregation stand vigil at the entrances.  We are hounds guarding our flock.  Pity the fool who tries to harm our congregation.
Nothing new here.  Lemme guess, Trump supporter?
Mr president Trump want stop fire arms fire guns???
Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar!
trump is the cause of this....and ironically the Orthodox Jews who support him are also guilty of this tragedy!!!!!!!!!!plus what happened to those Jews  in Pittsburgh 6 months ago!!!!!
Must be a “white nationalist” conspiracy.  Oh wait, we don’t have any info on the attacker.  No matter, CNN isn’t concerned with facts.
Wow! I can't believe what I just watched... CNN actually report the known facts without any biased spin pushing their own agendas.
Leftists and Moslem politicians (Nazis) are 100% responsible for the surge in anti semitism…worldwide. Pretend you simply dislike Israel’s policies all you want. You’re now seeing and living with the results.
Everyone Like Let's Make This The Most Liked Comment
Trump has really gotten to America it's ridiculous how they are getting away with terrorist crimes but not called a terrorist how many more churches in this world has to go down this month this is crazy
It's time Christian leaders to send a message to these haters. The Jews did not kill Jesus. Jesus's method of execution and the fact that had a rapidly growing following who saw him as 'king' points straight to the Romans. They had the means, method, motive & opportunity. He was a threat to their authority. Romans could hardly be the guilty party when they adopted Christianity so, blame the Jews. Time to stop this.
It’s probably an illegal alien. That’s why we need mass deportations.
