This is the best season on the apprentice yet
Only a Democrat would hate someone that keeps improving the quality of their lives.
Go figure?
Trump 2020
3:21 - 3:41 that's exactly how it's going to go....Democrats have Congress but they can't control Trump. Love it 😂😂
Greatest President of all Time...
Mr Trump you triumph...
We're getting our wall..
Amen
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out more coherent sentences than trump
Thank you, Mr. President!!!
Brought to you live bye the 
Comunist News Network
The 1% is happy that they won't have to pay for this wall.🙄
Love my President 🥓🇺🇸🍁
0:42.., "we have so much money we dont know what to do with it!".., um.., maybe pay off some of the 22 trillion debt???
Now I understand why everybody  says, "God bless America""
Come on Don, it isn't a national emergency that you messed your diaper.

You do it every day.
Let's Golf at Mar Lago EMERGENCY 
What JUDGE CAN TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY????
Ask those Angel Mom's if it's a crisis? Come on CNN I dare you to interview them.
If you have so much money that you don’t know what to do with, try paying down the deficit!
From "Mexico will pay for it" to declares National Emergency to fund wall
Entertaining for people not living in the US ^^
We removed all the "Gang-Monsters" 😂
Can't wait for 2020!
When people are comfortable w/ drugs and illegals they dont like to stop them pouring in. Its good business for them.
Dump sign boarder bill to get emergency funding for himself.
He’s Running America LMFAO
God bless Donald Trump keep fighting the good fight
I guess president Camacho is  real ..
# Idiocracy
And then immediately got on a plane to go golfing at his resort.  Seriously.
He’s got Billions and billions and billions and billions and billions and billions and billions and billions cracks me up every time he says it
FEARLESS FORECAST: 
President Trump will announce a MARTIAL LAW.
How I feel when listening to potus🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
UPDATE
Vanka and Melania have volunteered
to work the caravan crowd to fund the wall.
TRICKS FOR BRICKS !!
Trump: "Pop quiz... whose going to pay for the wall?"

Trump supporters, "MEXICOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"

Trump: "That's right"
Doesn't he mean we have so much debt we don't know what to do with it...smh...🤦🏾‍♀️
I'll give him this, he did meet with Kim Jong Un and it went well. It was a hard pivot from fire and fury. He makes it sound like it was planned, but I doubt it.
Flock of Seagulls hair is so entertaining.  Can't get out of his own way and will be his own undoing...big mouths always sink ships.
"People who should have stepped up, did not step up" translation- Senators and congressmen in my own party wouldn't pass wall funding.
Help, Iam lost 🤦‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
He said we getting them out by the thousands. 😂😂😂✈️✈️
Damn Donny , lay off the paint chips would ya?
Drump. World. 100%  and. Tiffany. Wedding. Newyork. Okay  oppa. Drump. 2020. 재선프로젝트 okay
"You can't be talking about it, but I talk about it because it's very important."

That's crazy talk. To say something can't be talked about, but it's very important. Get this guy some help.
If haven't been convinced that this lunatic is gonna start a war, you should be now.
16:35 "I never did politics, now I do politics" LMAO
he's right about one thing: TRUMP IS CRAZY!
always keep the balance, towards and protect the "meaning", right. Calm and sober with the right steps.
What happened to Americ-
No, to the United States?
Always keep balance, calm and alert with the right steps. "Calmly focus" on the right, reasonable solutions instead of worrying about the problem.
It’s like he starts talking about something, thinks of something and starts talking about that, and then gets lost on the initial premise, climbs himself back through word association/bluster, thinks of something else and starts talking about that. Then he loses his bearings and forgets what he’s saying, and just stops trying to make coherent statements. He just lets it go
O man. This is Sooo bad to watch. please put a cork in this DS. both ends. WE need to declare the 25th. He is really (off the wall).
😂😂 holy shit. This guy is a very confused/weird individual.
you promised to repair many ships... general mattis was telling you that.
23:50 I understand now the numbers he is using is from Homeland Security not from DHS...Could someone tell him that DHS is Department of Homeland Security..
Trump used chain migration to bring his in laws here ffs.
The declaration of National Emergency is just him saying “Ay I tried”
what have you done for us  lately,still no infrastructure,we need bridges repaired,not a wall that looks cadillac ranch
When will the wall along the US/Canadian border wall be built?😆
Still doesn’t realize the actual Chinese aren’t the ones paying the tariffs. SMH 🤦🏻‍♂️
This guy is a joke.
No wall for a fake emergency. The next democratic president will declare
 an emergency on guns and take them all hahah. Good job trumpanzees.
The only emergency he has is to go and play golf at his resort...
Consider your sources. I'm a Texan dude.
Is this real ???? I feel like SOMEBODY some country dropped a nuke we all died went to a parallel hell but none of us knows we already dead and this is hell like wtf
"Thousands and thousands ... many thousands ... many, many hundreds of thousands ... maybe more than ever before in history ..." - Listening to this buffoon makes me gag ... Yuk!
LMAO no comment out of 60 I've read r for u
Our real national emergency is in the White House.
He couldn't afford another Shutdown.  During the last one; Sarah Huckabee ate him out of White-House and Home...

That witch should have been thrown into the Red Hen's oven.
Im confused, he said over 1k times, MEXICO WILL PAY!!!!!!!! So, wait, now they wont pay? Im confused. Did he lie? No way!!!!
Noble peace prize Laurette, you're looking at him. Just wait!
President Trump 2020
It's such an emergency, the ORANGE MOTHERFUCKER went straight to the golf course. MOTHERFUCKER LOW LIFE SCUM!!
He wanted a wall.  He's gonna get four!
Trump, you could wrap America in heat-treated iron and it wouldn't make it great again. You can make America great again by quitting.
Don't forget, you have to build a wall for drug DEALERS here!!!
"I get my numbers from a lot of....sauces?" I need a translator.
More and more people are qualifying for Angel moms. Watch how fast that New Movement grows.
Trump in full SAVAGE Mode
"I didn't need to do this" Donald on national emergency.
You said Mexico will pay for it! You dud lie.
you know what you can do about drugs? Legalize them all, problem solved.
It's not an emergency, but we're gonna call it an emergency.

Screaming fire inside a crowded building.
Screaming gun inside a flying plane.
I just love this guy. Czech republic.
Make him live  right next to the wall and see how that works out 🤣
just a mentally, morally, physically sick old man that never learned to read, write, or speak! # PUTIN'S PERFECT PUPPET!!
Ignorance is bliss
All this for a wall that will never be built.  Smh
This is the equivalent of knocking over a trash can and running away. What is about to happen that he's trying to cover up.
Trump has a deal with a construction interest and that is the whole reason for Trumps obstruction of the process wake the F... up
Is he having a stroke??? Or why is all this nonsense coming out of his mouth???
Finally Mexico will pay for the wall!!!!, yeeeey.
always keep balance and calm and the right steps. towards meaningful things and "protecting" right and fair things.
I've had more intelligent, coherent conversations with people who were utterly baked. The phrase "blithering idiot" comes to mind.
Grandpa is babbling again. Someone get him the remote so he can watch Fox & Freinds in peace.
Perhaps a moat with piranhas
Over a thousand people have disliked this video because it is from CNN. Your Fake news.
Trump is comical 🤣🤣
but I am getting impatient, the devils will go after me next... I can't escape destiny for scientific progress that I truly desire, genuine scientific progress...
Correction.  You ran saying you were building a wall and Mexico was paying for it.
He's a drug addled liar, all that lip smacking and snorting sounds are from the adderall. Tweaker in Chief
Alec Baldwin is really stepping up his game in this sketch
Try speaking 3 hours without Oxycodone.
#1billion375billion
Trump 2020 
LMAO!!!!!
If we have so much money why are federal workers and everyone's mother struggling.
We paying for that Wall not Mexico
Invasion? oh yeah, of incompetent government officials starting in WH
Usa is in victory right now .God protection is with us. He have the control right now.100%.
LOL yeah we got criminals here but they aren't criminals that are immigrants, and yeah we need to get criminals out of our country STARTING WITH SPANKY ORANGE BONE SPURS AND his CRIMINAL family! 
#ShipTrumpfBackToRUSSIA!
This man can talk!! It’s dangerous! It’s an empty story that at the same time is powerful! It’s just a story though. It’s all talk!
Turns out that the man that is supposed to be the master of the deal  couldn't   make a deal with Congress
the pig in chief
There is a difference between legal and ILLEGAL migrations, Trump 2020!
This dickless wonder needs a dirt nap.
Brutus! We need you now. This Nero is insane.
January 2017 - GOP Majority

January 2017 - Wall not an emergency

February 2017 - Wall not an emergency

March 2017 - Wall not an emergency

April 2017 - Wall not an emergency

May 2017 - Wall not an emergency

June 2017 - Wall not an emergency

July 2017 - Wall not an emergency

August 2017 - Wall not an emergency

September 2017 - Wall not an emergency

October 2017 - Wall not an emergency

November 2017 - Wall not an emergency

December 2017 - Wall not an emergency

January 2018 - Wall not an emergency

February 2018 - Wall not an emergency

March 2018 - Wall not an emergency

April 2018 - Wall not an emergency

May 2018 - Wall not an emergency

June 2018 - Wall not an emergency

July 2018 - Wall not an emergency

August 2018 - Wall not an emergency

September 2018 - Wall not an emergency

October 2018 - Wall not an emergency

November 2018 - Wall not an emergency

November 2018 - Democratic majority elected in House

February 2019 - EMERGENCY!!!1!!1!
Forget about stepping up... you need to step down.
Good job trump “zombies” 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
drugs will pour in regardless because there is a high demand for it in the American market 


it's a 2 way street innit
@daviddockerymusic  "3:17- 3:53" Please do a drum cover of this.
Every time Trump open his mouth he tells a lie. The man is a habitual liar😶😶😶😶😶
21 mins in and he shows how king dumb he is
Why the edited video? Where’s the full speech from the start?
Yes we need to build up the Military Industrial complex. We only spend more than the next 11 countries combined. cut the military budget.
😂😂😂😂😂😂now Mexico is indirectly paying for the wall yet he stated that congress awarded him the funds. Are we Mexico now?
Thinking with your gut will produce s**t every time
Good job Mr President.
Answers have nothing to do with questions SMDH
What national emergency you dam buffoon???? As if we all are just blind and stupid.
Good. Should've happened decades ago when the uniparty stole the money that was set aside for border walls. I say stolen because the money is gone and there is still not a full wall.
This guy makes bush look like Charles Darwin
Make sure your people in congress know your displeasure with Donnie's latest action.  Write or email them!
He’s so fascinating 🙃
"so much money we don't know what to do with it" Love that quote
Liar ! You said Mexico was going to pay for the wall.
Liberal's policies have turned places like San Francisco into literal toilets littered with needles.
Liberal's policies will turn America into a toilet also.
at least he’s doing something lmao
" the real country loves you" in reference to the moms. See how he divides to conquer. Smh
Rambling Fool!!!! Rambling!!
Great job USA, you elected Emperor Palpatine. The Imperial Senate has his back.
CNN is removing the comments that don’t embrace the left. They admire censorship very much
Listen, Donny. I'll give you five bucks for your wall if you can finish a sentence, any sentence, ONCE in your life. Just ONCE finish a sentence.
This guy is definately insane.
tRump, I quote " I get my information from alot of sources"...yes, you do...and one of those sources is outta your backside.
WOW...can't wait for the fact checks on this one....
Stop using the military as a scapeghoat
"I don't know what to do with it, we have so much money"  ...well, pResident tRump, there's always that middle-class tax break you were promising right before the mid-term elections.  That's got to be ready to put into place by now, right?  Looking forward to your announcement!
Rocket ships ?
great speech mr president
24:41 What's with him always saying he has the biggest ever wtf. Loonbat.
Man child throwing a fit nothing to see here move on currently looking for a 🍼 full of other people's 💰
Bilyenz and Bilyenz.
I watched Alec Baldwin's parody press conference prior to this and thought it was a little too over the top, but nah.
BEELYUNS AND BEELYUNS OF DOLLARS.
Having Trump as President should make America ashamed.  The world is looking on at this inarticulate blowhard and laughing.
"we'll win...i think"
Play this at half speed and he sounds very drunk 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Trump is exposing the true ignorance, wickedness and godlessness of the real white man. Most of you know it's true.
Oh okay here we go again with "it's everybody else's' fault except mine" right Donnie?🙄
This is an abuse of power not a national emergency.
fox is outwitted by putin? you will never operate in russia, that's for sure.
CNN = Dumpster Fire
Step Up 2: The Streets
China will pay for the wall...
This dude had to be high. Rambling Incoherent speech. Cant stay focused. Looks like drugs to me
Oh America, what have you done to your country. 😂
Where is the plug to pull on this demented irrational bag of disgrace !
doing a multiple.experiment is a possibility... because it's very easy for me to improvise a method.
About time it was a national emergency when my unit deployed to Arizona border 15yrs ago
He is crazy!!
Truth, Truth you can't handle the TRUTH!
so mr. mueller, have you got anything on mike pence too? get rid of trump and pence and nancy will not pardon them both.
People that didn't step up should have stepped up?  A republican controlled congress for the last two years!  This stuff is priceless.
What about the people that live on the border and will have their property seized?
Where has this emergency been the last two years?
This guy is a guy
Trumpski definitely has dementia... they let him paint his face every morning and pretend he has hair!
Give THIS MAN a breath aliyzier test, he can POSSIBLY be under the influence,  by the things he's saying
The Klown King.
You know how I know it's not a national emergency? Because I'm not out looting!! 

This whole thing is just a fabrication and fear mongering. Wont end well for anyone especially not for Mr.T
This is  so sad their are no words.
4:25 No no no Donnie. YOU didn't lost. 
You lost "It". Your damn "mind" that is.
AMERICANS LOVE THE WALL!!! -- FACT!!!
if you deal with the devils, they listen to you and gives you what you want but you are only a tool to a greater game.
It's just so confusing listening to his speeches. I get lost bc he bounces around answering the questions presented to him. #feelslikethetwilightzone
“We need new wall.”
6:09 - What "generals" told him that the wall was more important than supporting our troops?
We are all being manipulatef
you dropped a moab in afghanistan to order a new one, where are the new ships?
This is smoke & mirrors.  First off he had a Republican led Congress for 2 yrs & not one time was it an emergency.  Second this will be tied up in court for so long.
If "it's a fake question" doesn't become a new meme I'll be disappointed
Trump being elected in the first place is a national emergency!
You are CNN you are fake news.... Lmao
yeahhhhh shut it down.. why dont u close ur gov forever.. world will be better w/out  ur goverment
Banana republic.
Is he sniffing and singing 🤷‍♂️
Trump 2020.....
Donald clearly doesn’t understand how the Drug markets work.
Is it physically possible to punch someone through a computer screen? I'm asking for a friend...
Cheating isn't really winning.
Military surplus weapons and equipment given to our police? Bad plan
How the hell is he still in office? Get him the f out or there before he declares a nation emergency on his hair
He just says the exact same thing every press conference
Trump and Acosta should just have a meeting over a couple of  plates of food an dessert and  work out their difficulties.
you want Pompeo/CIA to lead Pentagon?
Seal our southern border immediately and track down every illegal alien in America and deport them and their children.  It's a matter of National Security.  Do it.  Do it now!
The left going crazy, trump make them crying loud
2020 is such a lock for our President. The hatestream media and left have helped. Idiots lol
Trump is taking McConnell down with him on this one.  Taking money from other Republican projects in their states.
The war on drugs only  breeds more chapos. End the war on drugs!
Bravo!!
Mexico is laughing at us right now.
We must awake the elders
How did we go from a smart and a very good leader like Obama to a mentally ill Orange man?...
We haven’t been given the equipment, we haven’t been given the... walls
Oh no!  Not a virtual invasion of gang monsters!
State Of Orangency
impeach - find a way before it is too late !
Trump is our national emergency !!
Death penalty for drug dealers. Get it done Mr. President.
Someone should tell him that the vast majority of drugs come through the legal border crossing! 😒.
Rush-ya'
at this point...he has not built any wall...they are just repairing...he is a compulsive liar....
Trump has bankrupted his real estate business   now he wants to bankrupt  the usa    go figure.
A man's word is his bond. Listen to his words.....05:00 Dehumanization - this man is morally degenerate.
This is what a manchurian candidate does
Jesus christ this whole situation is just a giant temper tantrum, this man is an embarrassment, we need to impeach him as soon as possible.
If this mans insanity is not obvious to you, go see your doctor
Excellent! It was about time!
I give Trump a 10 for tormenting the dispised of the world
You can't always get what you don't want,
No, you can't always get what you don't want,
But if you try real hard
You might find
You get what you don't need
He couldn't get the oil money first so now he wants the drug money  gotta put the wall up to control it
Trump just admitted that Sean Hannity, Tucker Carlson, Laura Ingraham, and Rush Limbaugh, help influence his policies through discussions. 


That's how far we have fallen!
#MAGA. 🇺🇸
This bum is nuts; he belongs in a padded room.
Lol Ronald rump stop creating a bump
OK calm down already
We start here where does this end? His next national emergency going to be because the media isnt nice to him?
This man is insane.
Trump 2020!
It's like a raw look into his mind. Whatever thought enters his brain exits through his mouth.
bernie 2020
Non stop rambling.  Get yo the point
Listen to him speak - highly incompetent
The wall is about Contracts. Money. It has nothing to do with protecting the U.S.A. The real issue deals with "dead presidents."
I hope he doesn't end up like JFK
God Bless President Donald J Trump
The wall is a big meat pie for Trumps & friends.
Bigget Idiot for President of all time is actually a compiment for him considering he opens his mouth to speak.
The liar rogue is almost having a heart attack, the nervousness is explicit.
This will be his undoing.
An absolute Tremendous Buffoon!
2016 Trump: And Mexico is going to pay for that wall.
2019 Trump: (Insert this clip)
Que Curb Your Enthusiasm theme.
And so it begins!!!
And while other countries laugh at us (slap to the face) lol.
Who is this guy's speechwriter?
20:30 "Lara ihhhhhngrum"
TRUML IS IGNORANT 
HE DOES NOT HAVE ANY RESPECT FOR OTHERS
I DONT LIKE TRUMP
This is the down side to Auto Play.  I am not listening to this blithering nonsense again!
If he can only just answer a question. Just one.
Boy he can drone on and on on and on and on and on and on and on..........................
"she's off the reservation..."  ???? huh?
It is sickening how he is using the victim family that was kill by a illegal immigrant to build his vanity project.
Yeah, it's gonna be a while
Would it be nice if orange clown has a stroke while he decare national emergency?
ABSOLUTE POWER
whos But is bigger than who's?
mr. mueller, all you need is follow the money trail during trump's bankruptcy.
I can't listen to him more than 5 minutes what a disgrace
I think this man has a crush on Obama. Whether the topic is related to Obama or not, Trump must mention his name. This is not normal
I hope Pentagon gets you...
Ok GOP are you going to find your spines and stop this madness? Probably not which is why we are working to replace all of you.
He pushing for that wall cause the FBI is tightening that rope around his neck, and he hopes to weaken the US so Putin will be able to save him from prison
This is a circusshow lol
I still can't believe we have this guy as our president of the United States. So sad. Let's make America Again by removing Trump from our Government. He's treating our country like a Monopoly Game.
this is hilarious! heroin, meth, and fentanyl etc. will still make it into the country no matter how big of a wall is built. thousands of people will still die from overdosing by banging needles into their arms, snorting, and smoking poison! LMFAO thank you commander in chief for several more GUARANTEED seasons of Dopesick Nation!!!
BUT OBAMA BUT OBAMA BLAH BLAH
Lets put  national emergency on gun control first  for most
Trump 2020
Want to make America great again? RESIGN !
ไม่รู้ไม่เข้าใจ กำแพงเม็กซิโก
Give me some since it's not that much money
Does he think he's talking to dogs: "Sit down, sit down!"
Is this guy real........he's sickening ....me, me, me, ....your in a bad way America your starting to crumble
Mr. President, you're "a little new" in everything you do, everything fails, but that's o.k., we're going to retire you soon.
Mexico wouldn’t pay for his wall. Congress wouldn’t pay for his wall. So the “great dealmaker” simply decided to steal the money from other projects — including those that are genuinely effective in reducing the flow of drugs into the United States.
WOW..this is insane
Thank you mr. President for protecting my country
What happens when we have a real emergency? Our national guard won’t be able to mobilize properly now.
He's so freaking high it's unbelievable.
Best part start at 3:22
Support Donald Trump!!!
คุณพูดขัดใจประธานิบดี เขาสั่งให้คุณนั่ง
Man that was hard to watch...fact checkers please
This must be what a bad trip on acid looks like...yikes!
Crazy death cult approve first 4 minutes of this speech
GREAT POWER IS SPEAKING PEOPLE!
669 likes 🐱
Trump /Cruz 2020
There is something wrong with him
Puppet dictator at work!
Damn...just damn.
Trump claims to be the first president to make history...you have for being the dumbest president in the WH. Your lies will catch up with sooner than later.
Will this TV Show be renewed for a second season? Because this is comedy gold!
Your stats are bad mines are better.😂😂😂😂
Trump is loosing his cognitive functions...  (thinking, remembering, and reasoning),   He seems to have lost his  memory, language skills, visual perception, problem solving, self-management, and the ability to focus and pay attention.
I here some people say to use the money to pay off U.S debt.  Simply ridiculous.  Like my father would say, "Treat the problem, not the symtom."  Reduce/cut social program spending.
"Mexico will pay for it"


Next national emergency will be burger king run out of berders.
MAGA is about to expire....
Mr. Trump has the intelligence level of an elementary school child that suffers from a learning impediment which prevents him from comprehending the ideas, lessons and assignments given. Moreso, in keeping on task with the subject/task at hand and the retention of this information for practical use later on in life.

He is uninterested in the job and responsibilities beholden of the president. 

I believe I have afforded this man more than enough time to prove, at least to me, that he could be presidential and wholeheartedly execute the duties of the office of the presidency. Making decisions that is in the interest of the people of the United States and not for himself, his family.

He needs to voluntarily release his tax returns so we may see for ourselves that there isn't any situation that may leave this president open to manipulation, coercion and puppeteering by foriegn actors.

He needs to dissolve all control and interest to ALL Trump business ventures and operations once and for all.

But he won't...
Because this man is a crook and con artist. I don't believe he is as rich as he claims. He preys on people, using the services and products to improve the financial position of himself and his children, knowing full well he has no intention to paying for these goods and services or otherwise stiffing them in whole or in part of payment.

His supporters were conned by Donald Trump.  History will judge this man and his presidency. How too, will history judge his supporters.
i wonder how people would react if Trump is assisinated compared to Kennedy's
Now this is REAL FAKE NEWS !!!
How about instead of a wall we feed the homeless and build more schools and shelters .
22:14 bang bang.... owned,
It’s weird how cnn only shows a half hour of a his speech
"Listen, I got way better stats than you. OK? I play as a level 20 warlock, and I've maxed his intellect stats–actually, I've made it so that his other stats carry over to his intellect stats, so I can keep increasing his intellect stats. He's a very intelligent warlock, a genius among geniuses. Not everybody can play as my warlock because he's so smart and you gotta be a very intelligent person in order to play as him. But that's OK, because nobody is as smart as Trump."
Trump is a fool for thinking he can get away with this. #ITMFA
Build him a fake wall. then take him to play school.
The Dumpster is trying to get the military on his side for a change to a totalitarian regime...only problem is in 2 words..."bone spurs"
Holy, that is offending to watch. Even if you skip parts, he is basically talking about the same "stuff?"  - without any resemblance of a logical speech. 
Works probably pretty good on dumb people though.
Yup he's lost it
Look at all these politicians in the chat lol.
Spring loaded Stupidity
end the death. end the suffering. end the crime. End The Drug War!!!!
I find it extremely sickening and gross that in an interview with Wendy Williams he said that the thing he has most in common with ivanka is “sex”.....it’s a joke that this man is president, need for impeachment, no cap 🧢 bruh
For it? Against it?  Doesn't matter!  The guy holding the real strings is probably so happy he could cry!
The only way to defeat a giant country is to Divide and Conquer!
Great leaders throughout history have known and used this tactic since the dawn of civilization!
Through Donald trump, Vladimir Putin has achieved another giant leap in his long game goal!
They are online pushing Both sides of a wall narrative because it is the ultimate way to achieve the greatest accomplishment!
Mission Accomplished Donald!
I'm sure Vladimir is mightily pleased and you and your family will be bigly rewarded!
I mean..it’s soooo incoherent AF. Atleast justify why you’re declaring a national emergency for your racist wall.
Funny how cnn didn't put the full length speech up, watch the full thing people. How many more things are people going to disagree with Trump over the country has improved in nearly everyway. Better than doing nothing like in the past.
He put out law abiding people
So he says national emergency AND arming police with military grade weapons in same rambling speech.  Should everyday citizens be afraid?
We need to listen to this in a high speed. Who has time and patience to listen to this nonsense?
“I don’t have to do this.”
I love you Trump ❤️❤️
ATTN: THIS IS WERE KAVANUAGH WILL COME INTO PLAY FOR HIM. IF ITS GOES TO SUPREME COURT.
The Tariffs aren't coming from China. Tariffs are a tax on US business, and ultimately the people who buy our stuff. Billions and billions coming from American merchants.
the simple logic is, you don't plan a National Emergency. you don't plan that your country will be at war. it just happened so you need to declare national emergency. you don't plan emergency. that is why it is called emergency.
YEP 👍.  BUILD THE WALL.  We don’t want them HERE!!!  Trump 2020🇺🇸🇺🇸👏👏
My president you are wrong and poor lazy.mr president you just yelling
build the wall American will be climbing the wall looking for drugs
I would feel stupid if I voted for him
I like this speech but hate CNN (clownewsnetwork)  

Do i like or dislike this video?
5:00 MS13 Gang monsters
Please give Trump Nobel Prize pleassssss😂😂😂
somebody has drugged him.....wonder who that could be????   he's way too sharp to be talking like this......
Trumps feelings are not facts. Does anyone actually believe there will ever be the wall?😂
cnn fake news
Man I miss Obama
Jon Acosta. (Standing while asking question)

“Some of your critics say that you are manufacturing this crisis what do you say to that”

Trump

“Let me ask the angel moms, do you think I am manufacturing this crisis?”

Angel moms stand up turn around show pictures of their lost loved ones to Jon.....

Jon Acosta stops speaking and sits down immediately.

That was the quickest I have ever seen him stop and surrender the microphone.

And 

This is literally why you have been labeled fake news.
All I hear is him breathing heavily 🤣
Imagine being a kid and having to look up to the president and then his idiot shows up on their screen..... geeez...
Way to go POTUS.
Grab your popcorn folks. This comment section is going to be a firestorm.
Karl Marx was also perceived as the Second Coming... until today, the leftists are waiting for their white hero.
He talks in me... If they give me, IF they sell me...  I thought he was serving us?
How do they still believe a word he says😂
It must be hard to try and do good when parties are at odds instead of working together to better the country. I could not think about helping someone else if I do not take care of my loved ones first.
He's sniffing again!
😂😂😂😂 is this what you call winning?
Fine, now Bernie can declare a national emergency to dismiss student loan debt and give us medicare for all to help combat the opioid crisis AND CLIMATE CHANGE ^-^ thanks trump tards
Did you hear that everyone the crime is down on the border so we don't have to do anything anymore it was a hundred and now it's 99 so we don't have to do anything cuz it's it's down
Where is Bill Clinton with a Cigar when you need him
I think my dog 🐕 would make a better president
Drugs that come into this country is all controlled by the Government. They allow it and gain billions from it.
Trump just said that we have 'more people coming into the country today than probably ever before.'


FACT Check:  WRONG!  
Border crossings have been declining for 20 years.
I can’t believe it’s not Alec Baldwin
I am in Mexico now, and some people say, it is a good thing to have a wall. Guns coming from the US are going to be more difficult to smuggle and finally, even pushing Mexico to build a descent barbed wire fence along Belize and Guatemala borders. Too many illegal migrants who can't enter America, stays illegally in Mexico.
stop copying house of cards!!!
It's so obvious he has money invested in companies that will be tapped to build the wall
Oh well, just sit back and sigh. Nothing we can do except hope he loses in 2020
CNN are not sending their best. Their reporters always look like grubby alcoholics.
Ya'll Trump supporters are really quiet, today.
Donnie in 2016-"All I’m saying is I’ll make great deals and we’ll get them done and we don’t have use to executive orders and all the stuff that Obama is using which at some point, I would imagine the courts are going to overrule in one form or another. But we’re not going to be opening our borders or closing our orders based on executive orders. We’re going to do it. We will get along well."

Pence in 2014-“It would be a profound mistake for the president of the United States to overturn American immigration law with the stroke of a pen.  Issues of this magnitude should always be resolved with the consent of the governed.  Signing an executive order, giving a speech, barnstorming around the country defending that executive order is not leadership, and I would implore the president to reconsider this path and to demonstrate the kind of leadership that the American people long to see, and that is that this administration would sit down with this newly-minted Republican Congress and find genuine common ground, border security, there’s a series of piece-by-piece reforms that I believe could be advanced in this Congress that would be in the long-term interest of the American people on this issue.”

But still his fags will ignore the hypocrisy. I'd love to challenge them to a fistfight and leave them for dead.
He says how much he loves the military, but now he’s stealing FROM the military.  $3B of MILCON money takes directly from every post and base improving project that they have worked on for years to get.  For example, a new fire station on a base would cost about $20M.  A new barrack for the troops cost about $50-100M.  There are no Generals that would vote for this wall, over their troops... So, for $3B, how many military people will loose, for a wall that is proven to NOT be an emergency.  Before you assume I’m a democratic critic, I am Republican and retired Air Force officer.  This president does NOT know what he’s talking about and does not represent a sane Commander-in-Chief!
This guys a joke lol
good lord! I am not sure if he is just doing another Con or he's really that stupid?!
Ronald Reagan tore down the berlin wall America tears down walls not build them
He kept the promise he made in the campaign, the country comes first
10:18 love how he shoots his own argument in the foot here.
Get it done Trump. I'm voting for you in 2020. Let's build the wall!
I can't help but dislike whatever this guy says it's like I'm surprised whenever he gets anything right. But tbh this is probably good in the long run when this bozo is out of office the shoe is gonna be on the other foot.
Shoutout to all the Trumperds hiding in the comment replies
Trump clearly does not understand he is the head steward of the nations funds the Tax money of the US population is not Trumps personal bank account.
Sniffling and ranting incoherent. His diet drug is destroying the rest of his brain.
I have to say I have never known anyone like Trump who can speak for so long and use so many words to say exactly nothing of note.
Oh Please..This is so obviously a POLITICAL Emergency because Trump is now frightened his support numbers are declining!  This is NOT a National Emergency!  Another pile of Steaming BS from Trump & GOP🙄. 
Imminent Domain?..well Trump has never has any qualms about Stealing from folks..it’s Trump 101🤷‍♂️
LETS GOOOOOOOO
SpaceForce Is next watch. Trumps going to say space is threatening our air.
Next Trump presidency is confirmed!  Period!!!!!
Sorry guys I  invade your safe space in CNN comments.
Random thought: For Trump to be so old, he's got a vibrant spirit.. You gotta give that at least. His brain isn't slowing down anytime soon, at least not after he BUILD this WALL!
Wall bad. New Green Deal good. Idiocy.
now, you are drugged like obama was before when he had to announce an unpopular decision... you are an old man and your brain will disintegrate.
We’re is my tax cut????
You're the National Emergency!
say what you will but compare Trump's interviews from the 2016 to now and he has improved a lot maybe not on his ideas but he is much better at speaking and answering like a president.
I can't stand him more, i just can't, his voice, his face, i hate him
#2020 make the world forget about Trump again
27:30 - Can't wait for President Obama to weigh in on this claim.
Is this guy for real?! Questioning his own agencies numbers, because he has biglier, better, more beautiful numbers from the man that sells him his tinfoil hats as well???
He actually did it. Have fun using all your emergency funds on the wall! Not that you guys need it for hurricanes or drought or anything
Were ALL their parents MS13s? 
I guess they'll just take your word for it. Im sure many will love to do it.
season 3 of dumb-old trump the president is turning out great, man great tv
what deal has trump made money on other than the Tax cuts for the rich?
Thank you Mr President! Trump 2020
The first thing I do during an emergency is go golfing too
I know I may be a young teenager,but from what I know about government this should not be called as a national emergency,please dont abuse your powers trump 😶
Drugs, human traffic, illegal aliens and what more. Smoke screen, tight before your eyes. And after the border is built, There will be no way out.
Over 33,000 Americans die each year by guns. . . That's the real national emergency. Can't wait for the next democratic president to declare that actual emergency and save American lives.
The best US president since Kennedy.
Trump's new har should say LOSER!  Worst president in US history! His cult should know that cults never end well.
Looney !
I am a 70 year old German, and I wonder every day what this "man"  does  to his country and to the world.
I  I  I , my  my  my,   me  me  me....How could this babbler only be chosen?
ha ha ha ha... you're lucky I don't have the greatest military  like Rome in the past and the Caliphate in the Middle-east... you will not work in banking industry. You were an artisan of mosaic setting in my temples.
What A legend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Love this guy !!
3:10 - 3:50
The Democrats better sign a national emergency for climate change. Since apparently rules dont matter anymore
I like presidents better that aren't racist criminal spies.
National emergency?but I don't see any invader is coming.
He doesn't mention Mexico is paying for the wall anymore, lol, only a real idiot believed such thing.
Why do reporters thank this bozo, before asking a question?I would start my question "hey bozo your a liar....
Some of the National Emergency money was to help the devastation in Puerto Rico, and the California fires people who lost everything!!!....
Not only is Mexico not paying for it, but he is violating the Constitution to illegally reallocate spending from where the Congress allocated it.  

This is a violation of the Separation of Powers and an attempt to undermine the primary role of the US Congress.  Impeach.
Jim Acosta is an embarrassment
This Star Spangled Stupidity Special brought to you by the Git Emperor of Moron Kind
Trump está certíssimo
I love the 1:10 minute mark.  Trump wants a mulligan for the first 2 years. I wasn't able to do anything cause I'm very very new at this and didn't know what the hell I was doing.
I thought this idiot was gone say any mini myni moe and pick a question from a reporter,,,,wtf is going on dude....this shjt getting worse and worse by the month
he will win at the highest court since he changed the judge into achieving his ideology even though if it against us in general!!
Instead of Mexico now military families going to pay for the WALL
Idiot. Took you 2 years to realize you promised something.
Idiot. You did zero didly squad nothing during the 2 years reps were in power.
Idiot. You're using totally inefficient and outdated means to fight the problem.
Idiot. You're declaring an emergency where there is none, and you fail to see the real emergencies.
Putin: his master's voice.
Idiot: If you would have thousands of M13 gang members, you would have a real emergency and you'll likely would need military deployment.
Idiot. Obama managed to reduce deficit, you're spending like hell 'cause you never took responsibility for debt.
When The President of the United States is Very Predictable in his executive decisions. That's A "National Security".
So what are you going to do with Mary's Mission please there kids out there crying was to go home😭😭😭💔💔
🤦‍♂️ ɢᴜᴇss ᴡᴇ'ʀᴇ ᴊᴜsᴛ ɢᴏɴɴᴀ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴀɪᴛ ᴀɴᴅ sᴇᴇ ʜᴏᴡ ᴛʜɪs ᴀʟʟ ᴛᴜʀɴs ᴏᴜᴛ.
Let him do it. Then when we get a real president (Democrat) in less than 2 years he/she can declare a national emergency on gun violence, climate change and healthcare. You know...things that have killed and injured more than some illegals ever did.  He will start something he will not like in the end. Trumptards will be crying for years while staring at a wall that won't be finished.
This man is a straight basket case!!!!
MEXICO gonna pay for it???    Hey Sheeple...  youve been fooled.
Oh boy... How is this an "Emergency"?... Drugs are coming into America more through Shipping Ports, Airports - not the Southern Border.. I hope Trump actually realises what he's just done, because he's just opened up All Kiiiindz of worms and Law Suits now.. 🤨🤨🤨
CHINESE don't pay tariffs, it is YOU, AMERICANS pay.

You can kiss Trump for 25% extra taxes. Meanwhile CHINESE are dumping US PRODUCTS and Russians, Brazilians, Argentians etc get their businesses. Though and prayers to you.
He doesn't understand how trade deals actually work 😫 USMCA has not been ratified by Congress let alone the other countries 😫
OMG I have never seen someone like and be so constant and bad at it. Does he realize everyone knows the facts and he's telling them facts don't matter... This is Soo embarrasing
Orange Man Bad!
I think the 10-year-old should have actually done the assigned reading before giving his oral report.
Trump is always on coke
This guy is a joke.
Not my President! He is Putin's President. No, he's Sean Hannity's President. No, sorry, he is Ann Coulter's President. And he is Rush Limbaugh's President.
If he doesnt trust the government while hes running everything who should we trust. Maybe the wall is to keep us in when they use robots to lower the population
This man is a joke!!! Next he will declare martial law!!!! Yall best be saving your money and stock piling now....this is crazy!!!
incoherent babble
Trump is The G.O.A.T!
I gotta admit. For the 1st time, I listened to him talk. It's priceless. What a complete waste if oxygen but his off the rails, idiotic rants are well worth the time. Strip him of power but let him talk. It's hilarious.
you and Epstein are the biggest traffickers along with stone pecker manaford.m and your other cronies.
Why don't you people just state the facts? 
400K apprehensions between the ports of entry, 
100K asylum claims at the port of entries and 
700K that overstay their visa a year........... 
This may or may not be a national emergency but you guys have a problem.    
400K caught trying to cross between the ports of entry, so who knows how many others actually got through. 1.6Mill apprehensions in the year 2000. If you take down your current 500 miles of wall and remove your border guards how many people do you think would cross the border? 
If a country doesn't have a border to control it's legal immigration then what is it?
you fired the generals who are advising you that they need more budget for repairs and new developments... what did you do? you cancelled INF treaty and you ain't got experienced generals.
It's official. Our President is an idiot.
I would be so much more comfortable with everything if he was just drunk all the time, instead of accepting someone can be this stupid.
Donald "sit down!" Trump
Idiot Radar: Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Say We Need to ‘Invent Technology That’s Never Been Invented'   Fact Checked by super Liberal Snopes 
Lmao people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones Libtard..!
un-democratic "Electoral College" got us here, a system with built-in disparities that will only get worse with demographic trends ....
But still .... it's still not bad enough yet for most to actually DO something..... No, we just settle for it ..... and get the government we apparently deserve.
Maybe someone should play the tape back. Trump said Mexico would pay for his vanity project. He didn't run on us paying for it.  A wall will stop nothing. Imigrants will still come and we'll still have to deal with them. The drugs and human trafficking will still come through ports of entry like they do now. This isn't about stopping anything. It's about turning Americans against each other. Trump: The Great Divider
Trump doesn't know how to take defeat.
#winning
CNN title use trump and not president trump....they detaste that trump.won in 2016
Why won’t he get into details??? 6:30 He never likes details. He doesn’t have the attention span for details. Even cabinet members have said he doesn’t have the attention span necessary for very important briefings. They try to keep it short for him.
trump needs to lay off the sniffing adderal
US trade deficit with China grew to a record  in 2018
China's trade surplus with the U.S. — closely watched amid the tariff war between the two countries — grew 17 percent from a year ago to hit $323.32 billion in 2018.
According to Reuters, that's the highest on record dating to 2006.
Exports to the U.S. rose 11.3 percent year on year in 2018, while imports from the U.S. to China rose 0.7 percent over the same period.
It is very unnerving knowing that this schizophrenic man has the nuclear codes.
This is the most embarrassing thing I've ever heard/seen an American public figure say/do. That man is an absolute disgrace to the core values of the country.
BEST PRESIDENT EVER. PERIOD!
they gave him 1.4 for border security....not the wall...so he tries to explain what.....he can't
What a disgrace, lowest of low
What would happen if a hurricane or some natural disaster happens, these are true emergencies
02:46 Useful Idiot betrays fact US Military is openly arming an internal force against The People, as the media looks away....the foxes have the mortgage on the henhouse.
Inf treaty...
He's rambling and has dry mouth. (Seems that adderall addiction is still firmly I'm place.) He's gained at least another 50lbs since being in office and his hair (OMG), is seriously thinning out. And all this has as much to do with a National Emergency as his damn Wall. Which is nothing. The up shot of all this, is he's killing the old boy cronie  system of the GOP, his base is starting to peel away thanks to his "tax cuts" and success of all his promises (FINISH THE WALL?!?!! COME. ON.), to the point even FOX is beginning to falter. Whether it's impeachment, resignation, or a total bust for Trump in 2020, he's going to be gone soon. With him the current GOP. Like America did with Nixon, we'll learn from it and be better.
A fantastic example of someone you would say is absolutely not gifted in the art of didactic public speaking.
So now the US has become a dictatorship. Is it so hard to see that the president is sick?
Why are you guys so against the wall? Votes so you can make the rest of the country like California?
How does "I didnt have to do this, I just wanted to get it done faster" qualify as a national emergency? This demented moron  just gave the opposing side their legal argument for fighting this declaration in court. LOL!
He said we have so much money it’s crazy we just don’t know what to do with it. But I’m going to call a National Emergency 🙄 He said something true, “virtual invasion by these people.” He knows nothing about the government nor the military, yet he didn’t think what they were going to spend it on was important 🤦🏾‍♀️.
Give that dude a breathalyzer test... incoherent.
Now I understand why American citizens need guns. Your joke of a president is about to start a civil war.
The amount of bs that comes out of this guy's mouth could fertilize every field of corn in america for decades.
what in the incoherent, denture loose, dementia and Alzheimer was this?
When something is costing you between 50 and 100 billion how is it not an emergency, Those numbers are conservative also.
CNN is the enemy of the people. They cut off most of the clips. They didn't want their audience to know the truth. This video is 50minute long. CNN reduced it to 30. It is so shocking.
This man is unhinged, completely unbecoming of a president, total disgrace to the office he holds.
This. Is. Painful. To. Watch.
Illegal border crossings are at a 20 year low, where is this emergency?  During the Bush years I'll admit illegal immigration was out of control but its slacked to virtually nothing.
TRUMP 2020!
This POS is clearly insane. It's time to invoke the 25th amendment.
"I ran on a simple slogan: Make America Great Again."  Yes, but what you said to yourself in yer head was: "For me and my corrupt friends who hate regulations and laws." Other people may have missed that but sure I didn't.
Trump is doing what he promised to do.
Vote blue.
President Trump has a band?
"I want my wall I want my wall ....I want my wall ".  Tsk tsk tsk “gimme-gimme” behavior . OMG he  is  like a selfish child!
I'd like to see a reporter ask Trump when the war of 1812 took place. Seriously. He couldn't answer it. And then later in the day on twitter he'd say he was playing dumb and he knew the answer.
War on Mexico and Democrats who colluded with terrorists cartels. It's going down essays.
Yes
putin was happily demonstrating his discussion with the russian generals and the russian budget to develop the 500 km nuclear missile range and what did you do after cancelling INF treaty?
this guy is finished... they let him implode and putin will still be in trouble.
"...we have so much money we don't know what to do with it"  meanwhile the national debt is $22,000,000,000,000 and growing.
Our president just Rumbles a lot
Not sure if i should like because of trump or dislike because of CNN
This emergency is less popular than the wall itself. No court will uphold it and this loss will be politically devastating to Trump. Not worth worrying about. If by some chance it is upheld , the next democratic president will have precedent to have real impact on gun laws and climate change and that,to me, would be worth the stupid wall.
BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS. LIKE BILLIONS. WHAT DO I DO WITH ALL THESE BILLIONS?
Get this child out of The White House. He sounds ridiculous.
8:41 "we gotta get rid of drugs, criminals, mexicans *cough*"
This is only shocking. He has the skills of a three-year-old - and the behaviour. How can anyone vote for something like THIS?
Then he said he didn't need to, and promptly flew off to play golf for the umpteenth time of his presidency. Some national crisis, eh?
I thought he started building the wall already?! And had the money...
What happens if there’s a real national emergency?
It’s all about money tax drugs and human trafficking he will not say nothing he’s about his cut
how did isreal got that wall in gaza
Trump said, "They". "Would of been easy". "Our Country". I can see Donald Trump buying up stock from private companies who obtain contracts to build the wall, I can see his investments turn into multimillion profits.
I swear if this guys wins again in 2020. I will have lost all hope in America. And we deserve him. We could use the money in infrastructure, relieve student loans, help the homeless so many things we could use it for.
America not being "great again" is not an emergency. Lol.
Hasn't been a national emergency since India in 1962 and Americans declare one because they're afraid of their own shadows hahahaa. The guy's family literally came here (North America) in the system they're afraid of lol... Americans... biggest pansies globally. You scared of everything. No wonder you open carry. Just incase the sun gets behind you!
I really, really hate his hand language and loud nose breathing.
Donald trump is the Michael Scott of presidents... also I now can’t stand any word that ends with illion. WTH is he saying, he’s all over the place 😂
Orange Man Bad right guys?
GOP Republicans are looking like a bunch of clowns! Had the run of the House and Congress for the first 2 years and now he wants to call a state of emergency now, really! What BS! This administration is a joke! tRump said that MEXICO WAS PAYING FOR THE WALL!
AHHHHHH my ears bleed!!!!!!!
Mr. President our country's government runs on drugs.
Just a curios point: if you invited every  person from around the world to live in your country based upon definable behaviour (work, study, sensible ethics) swear an oath to America and its laws .. why exactly do you still need “walls”?
If there is so much money, why not invest in infrastructure, health-care, and education.
Make this little boy take a piss test for crank (amphetamine) and everybody will understand so much better.
This guy is better than Bevis and Butthead. HAHAHAHA BYE BYE
WHAT IS THIS COWARD TALKING ABOUT ? I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE LISTEN AND FOLLOW THIS DRAFT DODGING LYING TRAITOR. OR MAYBE WE ARE GETTING SOFT!
Oh yes Donald you do everything much better than any president and that's what you want us to think. But I don't.
Ms 13 isn't the only gang.. and you will never stop or slow influx of drugs. But you will make drug street price go up and make cartels and black Asian gamgs richer to
Campaign promise was to make Mexico pay for it, campaign promised not fulfilled.  That's why congress didn't approve funds as Mexico was going to foot the bill.
3:28 Wow! What an embarrassment! That singing voice thing.  I'm ashamed for him- so unprofessional and ignorant!
Further proof why the electoral college needs to be abolished.
There goes all of the back pay to American federal employees and any funding needed for any place hit with a disaster in the future. These #trumptards will suffer later for destroying America. Soon they will pay🖕
Dementia kicking in...
That's the problem with this beautiful Nation it's half of the country doesn't even understand the Constitution!!!! the laws and the subsidiary laws that lie within it to protect us the American people
People said that worries over potential totalitarianism under Trump were baseless and ridiculous. But this is what it is — a breakdown of the separation of powers. This is a dictator-like move, black and white. This is not a national emergency. Hopefully the judicial system wont fail us.
No to A WALL ! We Need A United North American Border Policy ! Have written many pages of Theory about an INTEGRATED NORTH AMERICAN ALLIANCE albeit at the moment cannot FINANCE IT so AM CALLING FOR THE PEOPLE'S SUPPORT ! Am CANADIAN *( Albeit was an American twice in a past life ) and have launched my Campaign for NORTH AMERICAN PEACE' SECURITY AND PROSPERITY ! Come  Show Love !
Rhetoric
Trump & the wall:

At least Mexicans don’t go around killing 50 at a country music concert or 20 at a high school and so on, I wonder who’s the real bad guy....
7:02 The American military is badly depleted? The country that spends most on military BS, says its military is badly depleted? Is America planning on invading the moon next? I mean, which motherf**kers are these you're always anticipating to go to war with?? WOW!!
This border wall will only keep the good people from crossing.  It will Not keep any of the bad people from crossing.
Former cartel leader Jesus Zambada Garcia testified about Drug Lord and Mass Murderer Guzman's use of tunnels to illegally enter the USA,"(A tunnel) is the most secure way to cross drugs to the US -- the easiest way to cross over weapons," Zambada Garcia testified.
Most drugs are smuggled into the United States onboard fishing boats, trains, tractor-trailers and ordinary cars that come into the country at legal ports of entry, according to former cartel members who've testified in the trial of notorious cartel leader Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman. 
m
Why can't they stop this fool??!?!?! He is destroying our country.
As I can understand the limitations of other sci-engineers and the software development. I know they will use it for global domination and hard military bullyint but soft-power politics can do.better... when driverless car becomes a fad... that's the start of the economic boom and.all countries would want it as much as the installation of quantum.internet for Land Traffic Communication Center. Where Tesla has failed, somebody must continue where he left.
Over 66% against this.. keep double downing Donald. I can’t wait till you lose this bet as well.
please pull a budd dwyer...please pull a budd dwyer...please pull a budd dwyer...
The only wall needed is the wall around Trump with bars on the windows.
Lol what a nutshell the only national emergency is trump himself
Dementia.
this can't be real life
This dude never answers a question, and always starts taking about some random shit. it’s like if you ask him how’s you wife doing, he somehow starts going from talking about his wife to the Holy Spirit. He answered 0 questions.
How is he fit to be President, he is clearly going senile, if his family cared about him they would put him in a retirement village where he could cheat at bingo all day
"China is paying us billions in tariffs." You mean that he STILL believes that? No one has corrected him yet???
Donald Trump is a man who has a hard time remembering the names of world leaders, but without prompting of any kind he has regurgitated Russian propaganda.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Moscow expresses worries over Montenegro joining NATO
June 26, 2016 article in Radio Liberty (Radio Free Europe)
Moscow has issued its strongest warning yet over the prospect of Montenegro becoming a full member of NATO. The Russian State Duma addressed a statement to the parliamentary assemblies of NATO and OSCE countries, as well as to the national parliaments of the Balkan states, warning of the possibility of "a new Cold War."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Trump later supports the Moscow narrative
July 19, 2018 article in the Guardian
Donald Trump has drawn fresh scorn for attacking Montenegro, whose people he described as “very aggressive”, suggesting the small nation could be the cause of a third world war.
Donald Trump appeared to shove aside Dusko Markovic, the prime minister of Montenegro, at a Nato summit last year.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Russia rewrites history
January 19, 2018 article in Eurozine
It has been said that Russia is a country with an unpredictable past, as every new government tries to rewrite the historical narrative for its political advantage. In this, President Vladimir Putin’s regime has been particularly active, launching a wholesale rehabilitation of the Soviet period early on. (One of Putin’s first acts in office was restoring the Stalin-era national anthem.)
Last month, Russian lawmakers took another big step in the same direction by approving a draft resolution that seeks to justify the Soviet Union’s war in Afghanistan from 1979 to 1989. The formal vote on the measure — proposed jointly by lawmakers from the United Russia and Communist parties — will be held before the 30th anniversary of the withdrawal of Soviet troops on Feb. 15. Hailing the decision, Communist lawmaker Nikolai Kharitonov called it a victory for “historical truth.”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Donald Trump chimes in to support the Russian false narrative
JAN 3, 2019 article in the Atlantic
“Russia used to be the Soviet Union,” Trump said.
Afghanistan made it Russia, because they went bankrupt fighting in Afghanistan. Russia … the reason Russia was in Afghanistan was because terrorists were going into Russia. They were right to be there. The problem is, it was a tough fight. And literally they went bankrupt; they went into being called Russia again, as opposed to the Soviet Union. You know, a lot of these places you’re reading about now are no longer part of Russia, because of Afghanistan.


TO HELL WITH ALL THIS DISTRACTION - THE ISSUE IS A CRIMINAL IN THE WHITE HOUSE!
He just straight up admitted this wall was only for the 2020 election... smh. He needs to talk less any maybe the dems won’t have as much ammo
You are actually aware that there is another hurricane season coming? So there is no money you redirect without leaving some other parts of the country exposed. Just saying.
Papa Trump should get the Nobel Peace Prize for uncucking America!
Shut them down forever
Hey America more Money in my pocket and my trump family we are the greatest family in America right supporter
Oh lawd!! Since he is the national emergency; what is the plan of action people?!?!??!
"We need new wall" - President Donald J. Trump             He sounds like he's stalling every time he speaks. He's completely winging it, he's running out of ideas, and he's dragging all his supporters down with him. They're too invested in Trump's narrative to go back now and admit they were wrong, and we're all headed for a rude awakening come his departure from office.
Trump even tried to name drop Obama as a reason that he is declaring a national emergency. It's amazing how much Trump hates President Obama and he's jealous of him, too. Trump and Hillary were best buddies when they were spreading that "birther" lie about Obama.
Trump  is a human  traffickers "alpha" example.  And every other so call leader in the world today
17:30 “we have catch and release”. Trump is even saying this fight is not just for a wall, it’s a much bigger picture. You can’t sit here and say he only cares about a wall, he only cares about building a wall, it’s much more in regards of protection. Protection for our country.
Haha Severe👌
Great guy! We love Trump!
I'm confused on the illuminati goal...do they want a new world order, or do they just like playing with their puppets?
If I had a dollar for every time trump knew what he was talking about I’d have exactly $0
He just said the numbers the border patrol gives are wrong. He is such a despicable human being.
Trump...you boast about how much money you have and how much you love your country. If you are such a patriarch, why don't you use some of your money and build the wall since congress won't give you the money?. America might love you more for that.
Trump seems a bit frustrated and defensive...
26% of prisoners in US prisons are illegal aliens.
The ignorance is strong with this one
WOW
Only the brainwashed will refuse to accept The Truth because they don't want their illusion's about Trumps World to be destroyed
if gun free zones only stop law abiding gun owners then how is a wall going to stop criminals?
Illegal Immigrants come across the border with little on their back and no money. So, the first thing they do when arriving is Steal a Car, Burglarize Homes, Rob Citizens and Fake ID's. This happened in El Paso. But now with their wall, crime is down 80%.
“The president is incapable of articulating a coherent plan to establish operational control.” -Charlie Dent
By 01:45 one is inclined to foresee strong arms coming into the shot with a straightjacket and leather harness enveloping the blithering idiot as he is whisked away, nay 'stepped up' to a better place.
I hope Trump does away with Congress. Makes things easier for us Americans
Don't be fooled by either sides commentary both Democrats and Republicans want National Emergency Friday 15th 2019 starts martial law Gray State we'll see how fast they escalate things from here. It only took one gunshot to start World War 1 it took one act of National Emergency to create what we will see in the near future
EMERGENCY, Mexico refuses to pay for Our Border barriers.  Hmmm, is that really all that surprising ?  I mean the United States is BROKE, and we already knew that.  So we can't buy that wall  . . . maybe Trump needs to round up all his rich pals, and 'Pass The Hat ' , those crooks and scammers sure got the dough.  They may need to postpone that next Mega Yacht, or New Boeing Jet for a year or so, but if they really love 'Murrika' it shouldn't be a problem.  After all this is a National Emergency.  Maybe Trump can borrow the money from Oprah !
Lol joke
Congress released their insane solution to allow anyone with a child to enter the US and let border authorities decide on how to protect the US border. Instead of the US government just building a wall and being done with it. It is the US border. That is the responsibility of the President. Congress has failed to build a wall for 50 years. Cartels have already bought these local authorities. The rats could not have helped the drug cartels, with human trafficking, any more if they had tried. Rats, are you being paid by the drug cartels? Seriously.
America will need to take a long, hot, antiseptic bath when Trumpski is eventually incarcerated.
Money! create new jobs! build a nice wall I don't have anything against beautifying the brims brails and borders of the county but make it less racy for the countless of legal migrants who are already there and have kept the law. I'm forcasting less heat and fire the wall if apply.

legalize coke make more, (Money)

invest in, . . . better rotc? so much money?? you never hear about those on the bottom?

mandatory,  i mean optional rotc programs would in theory unite the county under you. if it's paid maybe?  
(could contribute to lower obesity in army dilemma if offered to young adults 18~30?)

btw i just think it's very hypocritical to exile, banish deter immigrants, and yet condone Artificial intelligence.

Not give numbers what numbers?

Double negative lol, have money not know what to do with,  oh we waste so much money on, lol immigrants who go to work l

Use the funds to recruit!

wouldn't have been big would it? (nk?) btw, you don't think they've really stopped do you?  do you have spies? 
 We're the worlds super power,  dominate n.k. you know what that would mean.  unless you have spies over there, . . .? you'd be showing gullibility and weakness, (consider)
I can’t wait till the next Democrat president declares a national emergency on guns!!!
6:30 no you actually cut the military's budget from $720 billion to $716 billion. You didn't get the military anything what it didn't have already.
Funny how people dont even want to ask cuz of stupid answers
What a joke
is this Saturday Night Live??? This is a joke from beginning till the end .... lolz
wtf, he signs a bill to stop an emergency then declares an emergency due to signing the bill,
he couldn’t run a bath
Al he does is point fingers and tell lies dude stop talking and do your job
If this isn't a sundowning dementia rant then I don't know what is😜
This speech has me scared. It's time to wake up America, you're just five minutes away from fascism and a totalitarian state. If nothing is done it is a mere matter of time until neighbours will turn on neighbours...
I am afraid that are not the Chinese, but Americans who are paying higher taxes, included in the prices.
Unscripted drivel from a crook who doesn't care about anything other than the applause he can acquire, the constitution or future ramifications. "The Wall" was an aide memoir to remind  this 'high IQ'  to mention immigration.
To be fair Obama declared an emergency over flint water crisis. And years later it’s still not fixed, so I have reasonable doubt about any of this, or the copious amounts of other “needs” of real people will be met within a reasonable time frame. Political operations are always a hit and miss. Dem or Rep, the faces change, but the bullshit remains.
Trump is the best president ever
I hope everyone that approves this EMERGENCY declaration understands we will all be paying this through our taxes.
America has always been great, Orange Juice!! Its all about coming together. Build a Wall of love, the hell with the hate, racism and other ways to divide our country, Orange Colt 45, you should work everytime!! 😃😂😂😂
I couldn't even watch the entire thing.. I'm so embarrassed and ashamed of this "president." I served in the Army and in a war zone for this?! This is what we've become? I don't want to sound like an alarmist, but this is the first time in my life I've ever wanted to take my kids and move away, I want no part of this idiocracy.
I will wait for more signs... because I can read between the lines but I can't work in a racist environment specially white people's jealousy can upset my mood and concentration.
He disgusts me... Lie after lie and brag after brag...
Does he not realize everyone else sounds like a professional and he sounds like a ranting idiot? Of course not. Ultimate narcissist.
🇺🇸
this guy is seriously unhinged.
Bruh wtf is he injecting
You know what I wonder,

If Mexico is put to bill for the wall, why deny it? That's like someone buying you a guitar. You don't need it, but it's free so why not?



- Mexico isnt stupid. They're not gonna fork over money for what you want. That's like you asking me to buy you a guitar. Uh. No.
- The wall won't do much of anything besides stop foot traffic OVER the border, to an extent.
- The America people do NOT want to pay for this. You told them Mexico will, so make Mexico pay, like you promised. I don't want to pay taxes already why do I have to pay for a wall I don't want? I can't afford a wall in my own backyard what makes you think I can afford one for thousands of miles lol.
Russian interference in US elections is a REAL national emergency.  For those who disagree please make your large checks payable to the Trump Foundation.  LMAO!
War on drugs. Whats next? War on porn?
He's sickening!!!!
The same law makers are against putting an end to folks breaking the laws by illegally entering into the United States, I wonder why is that?
Trump seems to have  entered
 into a  convoluted world of clouded, wooly confusion mired in unmitigated delusional  dizzyness. He doesn't want to go into details  about it because he doesn't know the details but in his words
 "when you think about the kinda numbers yer talkin about you have 700 billion dollars when I need 2 or 3 billion  out of that for a wall which is a very important instrument for the military because of the drugs that pour in and as you know we have  uh..  specific rules and regulations where they have uh..  drugs and what you can do in order to stop drugs and thats part of it too we're taking a lot of money from that realm also but when you have that  that kind of money thats going into the military its a very very small amount that we are asking for" 

Did you get all that folks?  If not don't worry. Theres much more to come from cadet  bubblehead 
( By the by people -  Trumps trophy wife and his mother in law  and father in law are all products of chain migration and the bulk of the staff at his golf clubs are illegal immigrants ) The man is a hypocrite of the highest order.  Nobody knows more about hypocrisy than he does!
Does anyone believe anything this moron says anymore?
“I could do the wall over a longer period of time. I didn't need to do this, but I'd rather do it much faster”. Idiot-in-Chief just gave another bullet to be used against his declaration in the courts.
You voted for him good luck America!
His facts are based on the latest Sicario movie he watched and he thinks it is real.
Nah... the bible is a fantasy of the Europeans and the mafia Jews when they have seen the power of Jesus name to the grassroot.
Funny how chain migration doesn't include Melania's family. And trump admits this is NOT an emergency, he just is throwing a tantrum because he wants a wall now and forgets to mention that he promised MEXICO would pay for it. He also makes up his own facts which are not the real ones. We see it. What a liar and fool and we can't take the chance of keeping this whack in office.
Incoherent babbling and delusional rambling. 2020 can’t come fast enough.
How are you suppose to understand this guy?
Apart from the sniffing (that's how you know he is lying a lot) is all I hear is billions and billions. I find myself repeating that , billions and billions!!!!
MAKE CANADA GREAT AGAIN
My Brother use to be hooked on meth, he use to talk in circles like this, never processing a full thought or sentance. Do we require drug testing at the white house? Because every clerk at Walmart has to be drug free why not the this babbling bully?
OMG hahaha what is wrong with him. Wow. I'm sort of speechless.
Last time a president rant like this was Boris Yeltsin, but atleast his excuse was that he was drunk most of the time.
He spends an entire month with a shutdown government, opened it back up because his approval was tanking, finally made a deal with Dems, and then still declares an emergency. And this guy is supposed to be a master negotiator?
Nobel prize to trump? ha ha ha - never going to happen. He's such an egotistical fool playing on the stupidity of a few right whackos mostly all white and insecure.
Very interesting!
You win you crazy lefties, hes now letting all the immigrants come to your cities so you can take care of them like you said you would
So he wants to build a wall to keep out criminals and drugs, but he is diverting 2.5B from counter drug activities and cites in the emergency declaration "due to the recent influx of families coming to the border"...   Shows his true motives, not for America's safety or well being, just so he can make himself look good.


There is an active shooter in Aurora IL right now.  And you just know Trump's hoping it's an illegal doing it.
To all the Trump supporters, what does a wall do for tunnels?
I feel embarrassed for America. This clown is pathetic. 2 more years to go of his lame-duck, illegitimate presidency.... and then onto the ash-heap of history he will go.
Is this news real or fake. I can't tell. This is CNN
I don’t understand how someone can watch and listen to this guy and come away with any opinion other than he isn’t right in the head. I’m not even talking about politics or if you agree with his policies. You can tell by watching him speak and react that he has mental problems. That should be something that bothers everyone no matter what your political affiliations are. But people continue to make excuses for him to protect their political interests.
hey, mr. mueller. how do you read a mafia's way of thinking-> let them go to courts, we own the judges. trump can pardon our colleagues. but who will pardon trump, is it pence? nancy pelosi is on the 3rd line.
this person doesn't really care... he went golfing after his fabulous speech on Iran, drug dealers, human traffickers, etc. Netanyahu is his speech writer, Iran and Israel hates each other.
Bla bla bla...what was that. This man is a walking joke.
to be honest if you want see the both sides of what the hell is really happening around in america  just watch the same news from fox  and you'll see the disparity of public opinion in the comment section which manifests that there is nothing wrong or right but a bunch of belligerent people  who advocate a certain party and love to hate hate  each other
If you support the tariffs, please educate yourself on them. Sometimes, they’re not so cut and dry as Dopey thinks they are. Sometimes, the costs outweigh the benefits.
Blah   blah blah  blah...terrible  leadership  shame on American people  to give this guy his 15 min of fame
incoherent mytho-megalomania...
Did anybody understand anything he said?
The wall will kill the Mexican economy because of all the money being 
taken south of the border by Mexicans earning money here. They don't 
spend it all here they take a lot of it back because that is where it is
 worth more. The same reason white people go to Mexico.
"Donald John Trump is one of the most honest and righteous man I ever had the pleasure of working with. He respects women's rights, loves this nation, tough on illegal immigration and wants ObamaCare gone. He is a truly great friend and we agree on almost everything." 
--- Arizona Senator John McCain, December 18, 2018, in a golfing trip in Mar-Largo with President Trump. 

"Donald Trump came to hospital to see me after I got into a fight due to my own fault. He is not a racist, he truly cares about the black community and wants to make it better." 
----- Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, and Philando Castille, October 19, 2018, in a joint statement while visiting the White House at the request of the president to discuss the gun violence and brutality within the black community. 

"I have known Donnie for over 30 years, and he champions the vision of middle class and the poor, he truly wants healthcare to be affordable and we agree on almost everything, from abortion to economy, to immigration to defense, to healthcare. I would truly consider one of my greatest friend and ally" 
------ Senator Ted Kennedy, September 22, 2018, while visitng Mar-Largo with the President.

"Illegal immigration is one of the greatest threat to America and our way of life. It is unfair to all the legal immigrants who apply, wait, and come here after spending all the money. Many of them carry drugs, weapons, and are criminal exiles in their own country in Central America and we will not take them. As Arizona senator and the supporter of the president since day one, I will vote for the wall and it will be built."
----- Arizona senator John McCain, while taking a golfing trip with President Donald Trump in Mar-A-Largo, December 18, 2018.
Seems weird how Trump is making all these great achievements to better American lives but many do not appreciate his accomplishments.  People brainwashed by Democratic social media.  I guess once a sheep, always a sheep.
Oh my God, what a disgrace to mankind, the greatest liar of all time Donald Trump this Idiot is insane.
China make world peace，natural way is the best without industry pollution，the law of karma cause and effect，pure heart pure land。fighting for land and money is fake。
This is such a joke.
Shut up craker
Does this make sense to... anyone?
Your wife and her parents came through chain migration
We had another mass shooting today which probably was no committed by an illegal the very day he declares a national emergency at the boarder where there are no mass shootings...humm...am I missing something
I would be so damm embarrassed if this super crazy tosser was representing our country, I do feel so sorry for normal thinking Americans there need to go through this presidency and watch this totally soap star... Watching this moron and hear how he talk and then think he represent a super power... wow man scary movie... Is there no way legally you can get this man out of office before he do more damage?


Billions and billions and billions and billions... in this beautiful country... ha ha... me me me ,  I I  I did, sounds like he run the whole nation by himself...
Actually, illegals make the best workers because they are so happy to have a job, even for minimum wage, they will do anything not like some workers who think this and that is beneath them. Taxes are taken out of their salaries just like yours but they don't file an income tax in April leaving refund money on the table. If wealthy American companies would expand a little to South America they could create a lot of jobs for them. Companies like Amazon, Walmart and Apple. In fact,  with $T's new China tariffs, South America could begin to compete.
Yaay Jim Acosta!
The 'walls' are closing in on him and his crime-mob family
Looking at trade talks with China, Trump seems desperate to close a deal.
13:28 Trump's hair is a lie.
Trump sold Putin 20% of our uranium....oh wait, that was Obama and Hillary.
Oh that brown menace drives Crooked Trump crazy!!  How many people of color have assassinated any POTUS?  If i remember, one of the assassins was  from Russia, or from Rusher as Crooked Trump would say!!
The republicans had control over all of Congress why didn't you push for a wall then.. plus Mexico was suppose to pay for it!!!
Lol
That thing about Obama causing more debt than every other president combined cant be true right? Lying again?
Is trump going to have family members hold up pictures of loved ones killed today in shooting......DUH.....of course not.
Good lord.  I just watched this whole thing and not only do i think that anyone who watched it is actually a little dumber, but i do not think he actually answered any question.  On top of that, I'm fairly sure he did not complete a single thought.
More lies and BS, from the orange monster...
If this dude had an Administration and Aides that loved and respected him, you would hope at some point in time during this rant, they would have come outside and said "Ok Mr. President, there is a very important phone call for you, that we need you to take. Please come inside" But no, he rambles on for over thirty minutes in just this clip alone. How do you say that when you spoke with Obama about N Korea, that you can't speak for him. And then in the next few sentences probably say everything that happened during that conversation!?!? One of these days he is going to learn that his worst enemy is his own mouth!!!
Make America great again?????....so declare a national emergency when there’s not one?? Idiot
Republicans want a wall that the gangs will just tunnel under with their drugs, and Democrats want to take away guns while not actually going after the kind of "gang members" that cause market crashes (which arguably cause more pain and suffering than all the guns of the world combined).  

This is all a big distraction, meant to keep our eyes off of the world spinning around us as we circle the drain.

Mr. President, if folks like you weren't doing 8-balls of coke off of hookers' a**es after closing trade steals, we wouldn't have a drug problem in this country.  Let me square it away for you like this; Mexico doesn't have a drug problem.  AMERICA DOES.  What Mexico has, is a SUPPLY AND DEMAND problem.  

I wonder how many Wallstreet coke heads would stop doing drugs if they knew just how far their drug money travelled.  They won't quit though.  Making vast sums of money activates the same areas in the brain that doing cocaine does.  I'm probably going to be snuffed out for saying this, but I also believe we're closer to having a real racist dictatorship here in the United States than we've ever been.  These things always start with some form of national emergency, then the old government buildings are burned over night, then the undesirables are rounded up, villified, and 'cleansed'.  If you don't think that's a possibility you haven't been paying attention.  God bless America.
So ,you have billions and billions to build a wall ,but we are broke when it comes to feeding and housing the poor? Despicable bastard.
Round up Trump and all of his cult followers. Throw them all in one state and put a wall around that. Then the country can truly be great and progress.
The ONLY National Emergency I see is Agent Orange himself. He is willing to take money from all those people who have lost EVERYTHING the own because o REAL National Emergencies to be able to say "ha ha I got my wall"? PLEASE somebody reign him in NOW. Enough is enough everyday it's something with him I don't ever remember this much upheaval in our country and all because one Arrested Development person!!?? Where's Lee Harvey Oswald when you need him.
This immigration bill is meant to demoralize Trump supporters. Do not let this get you down. There may never be a president like him ever again. Appreciate and support him. He is doing the best he can.
Trump is such a liar and cheat.
This whole argument is really stupid. The majority of drugs come through ports of entry. Drugs can be flown over on drones, inside mules, ordered off of the dark web, thrown over the wall or pushed through steel slats. Desperate people, including criminals, will always find a way. If a weather disaster occurs, he will have to rob Peter to pay Paul or some may not get FEMA funds at all. The real national emergency resides in the White House.
There is no doubt that he is one of the least eloquent speaking presidents that has ever served, but how can people actually argue that one of, if not the single most powerful and wealthy countries on this planet does not have a level of border protection sufficient in safe guarding the interests of both the state and its people. You spend exponentially more on the military than your peers, have bases scattered in every corner of the world, and yet refuse to admit that even if the proposed wall provided marginal results - it would be beneficial in reducing the flow of undocumented migrants, along with further mitigating the flow of illicit narcotics. This just seems like common sense, and yet I know I will be roasted by posting this LOL
Every time Trump does media or has a cult meeting Obama should be in the front row so Obama can G check Trump.
People talk a lot about many things they think they understand well like they are in the situation where it is NOT easy to make decisions. Big EGOs just follow what others think and what TV shows to them. False news and the worst prespective to look at things. Twisted prespectives injected with DRAMA! People should think about subjects in a neutral point of view. False heroes behind keys.
.... Drugs and ms13 lol what bout bloods and crips and chinamen lol just unite with mexico they have awesome food and great people what are you really scared of what cocaine ... Cause last i knew most drugs we got are made in the great states of america and the others are from china silly stupid man he just lied on his campaign and is in a panic to get done what he promised remember walls work lol but boats and planes are modern. F*** it love thy neighbor
National Emergency for Medicare for All next!!!
Leaving aside all the idiocy, the incoherence, the lies, etc, my question is: what's wrong with his breathing when he speaks? That's not normal. Are those rumors about snorting adderall true?
Cretin
He left out the DEA'S 2018 Annual Drug Threat Report that states that the main flow of drugs entering the US is coming in through the ports. And in case you're slow, the ports have nothing to do with a wall, or land that a wall would be on. Page 99 of the report. Maybe just read the whole report if you're actually interested in REALITY.
This sounds like a man from germany we all know about. Utter bollox, wonder when he'll be putting people in cages again!? Dont do drugs!
Dirty Tyrant Donnie Trump & His Pretendy-Wendy Make Believe Wall
This is a history lesson in what is wrong with The world when Rich and Racist men has the power of the country and who loves too suppress ordinary people. The worst of them all are the ones who believe them and vote for them omg 🙄
Now America, you see what happens when you vote without morals.
Some of these reporters are finally challenging him on his numbers and illegal alien horror stories! His response: To hem and haw, then bluster and dodge and go to the next question. That’s answer enough for me and most others to know where he’s getting his numbers...from his tubby arse.
He's the biggest liar there is and I'm tired of him
I bet if you gave every MAGA hate rally attendee a drug test a majority of them would have opioids in their system.
Trump is about as ready to be the leader of the free world as my five year old Maltese puppy dog. In fact, my yapping 9 lb dog might be more more adept at understanding the job than Trump, always a low bar to clear.
Does Donald trump play angry goy 2?
he he he he... the sound of the voices of trump supporters is always about control and victory, you are not your brother's keepers like Cain denied himself after killing Abel. A big brother is like my brother... He will go out immediately at wee morning to buy medicine for his grandchild... and claiming the role of nataylo (nanay, tatay, lolo) for his grandchildren.
Give this rooster a bucket of chicken to argue with
Donald, where are Mexicans? You said they would pay for the wall. You have to admit that you did not keep your campaign’s promise.
“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.” This quote comes from Emma Lazarus’ sonnet, New Colossus, which she wrote for a fundraiser auction to raise money for the pedestal upon which the Statue of Liberty now sits.
What a disgusting display of arrogance and ignorance.
Boy, Trump just can't get done losing can he ? The only win he had was being elected and for that he needed Russias help . Now tax payers will be spending millions on legal fees for the impending court battles. We know Trump has already cost us millions for his golf outings, can't even imagine how much he has cost the tax payers for lawyers since he was fraudulently elected on his scams.
What ever TRUMP
Will be voting for this man again no better Potus in our lifetime!!!!!
I’m glad he is doing this I feel it is the right thing to do and it’s crazy that past presidents never finished the job and it’s for safety and to help with the war on drugs ITS TIME AMERICA
I thought Trump was bluffing?? Liberals love to run their mouths.
If the Christians really believe in the Second Coming, where will Jesus be born? And where is the island that the woman used for retreat and the mob is always chasing after her?
Trump is the National Emergency. He could care less about a wall. He cares about nothing. Hates to lose. It's all a distraction from 17 investigations and to play nice with Hannity and Limbaugh. He breeds racism and divisiveness. Sadistic nature. He should be shot.
KGB: 1, Pompeo/CIA: 0.
23:35 DADDY TRUMP
Liar Liar Pants on Fire...
!!!!!MR NO CREDIBILITY!!!!!
😎😉😎
"I see a pile of 700 billion dollars.  Why can't I get just 2 billion?"

Because $2,000,000,000 is still a noticeable amount of money no matter what it is next to.
The wall Mexico wanted to build  was made of old tires,  mud and garbage.
Shameful that Trump used those poor Angel Mums as political fodder  whilst so many more parents and children that he separated from their parents with no way of reuniting them are treated worse than animals- there are now as of this week, crisis overcrowding; 30 children in cages for 15 - that fact that this is continuing with little media coverage will go down as one of the greatest humanitarian travesties of any Presidencies akin to some of the racial atrocities of the past.
wtf did I just watch. ( civil war) I sure hope everyone is prepared for it. because that IS what this means.
Guys just stop watching CNN. They'll do anything to bash Trump because they still can't fet over the fact that he won the electoral vote and they were wrong. This network is more selfish then washington post
what a shame ! looks like TRUMP doesn't like neighbours.
Why do we always here about immigrants commuting crimes, but never discuss how the individual got across the border? I would think this would be a key talking point if I were trying to make a point. He wouldn't try to deceive us would he?
How about you step and quit lying every time you open your mouth.
The TRUE National Emergency is the incompetent lying con man that is sitting in the White House, You know the one that has told over 8000 lies (in public or on twitter, no telling how many in private) the one that claimed that Mexico was going to pay for his racist bs wall (but now wants American tax payers to pay for AFTER giving the top 1% and corporations the LARGEST tax cuts in decades. The one that claimed he would only hire the best people, (Manafort, Stone, Flynn, Cohen and Gates ALL GOING TO PRISON) If you still support this lying racist con man then clearly there is something wrong with you.
Thank God for Trump! Trump will be president for 8 years🎇🎉🎆. 2Korea's will become one. The democratic party will fall. The next president will be a Godly woman not a wicked witch. The republic of USA will win against socialism. Remember you read this CNN haters.
Thank you, Mr President.
tell me I am wrong... even a trump supporter in RT can't argue with me that putin will not risk to expose his ties with trump, the reason trump won't go after hillary for uranium one, the evidence will only come from russia.
Yeah.  How old were those MS13s?
Donald duck could of made more coherent statements than this guy; or did we elect the wrong donald?
USA is so polarised and it is not funny. In these days, nothing gets done in the USA. Just look at China, things get done fast and efficient. Whereas the politicians of Congress are just doing the opposite.
The longer this barking mad - possibly treasonous - narcissist is allowed to suborn the governmental and judicial systems, the more the rest of the world will assume that the USA has the President they deserve.
IDEA. America became the greatest country on earth because of ideas. Recent events after Trump was elected, thanks for all believed in him, voted for his IDEA.  A country leader without an idea, the people have no idea are now walking a thousand miles to enter America. Its broadcasted daily. There is no future without IDEA. TRUMP has presented FACTS,  he combined with IDEAS to build the WALL, constitute the greatest FORCE in the world. All past President had no ideas at all.  Nobody can stop Trump. It is possible to stop an army of a million men, but you can't stop a good idea when it comes along to build the wall to stop the army. Watch every Trump haters: They have no IDEA what are they talking.
President, you should already realize that you are a disgrace to the whole world, 
and listening to you is so boring, listening to the same lies again and again, 
I believe that if you resign the whole world will vote so that you receive the Nobel prize.
"MR TRUMP YOU ARE A GREAT DANGER TO HUMANITY"
This is the number of lies Trump has told during his presidency 
👇
Well done Trump, about time border protection was taken seriously!  
The biggest laugh here is that he has been building the wall all along while triggering dumbocrats every day with 3 second daily tweets!
As for all you CNNFakeNews virtue signalling idiots, surprise me and reply with something intelligent change...e.g. a valid reason to let thousands of unknown people walk into the country unchecked....
MAGA 2020++++++
This comment section is giving me a headache...
This dude can’t keep Obama out his mouth lol what a joke
Are families going to lose their homes and land due to eminent domain to build it?   Do they get compensated? I'm guessing some won't want to leave?
Wah this man sure loves lying... It's like he's always trying to get in some chicks panties or something... "I did this, I did that... Did you know I founded Oscar Mayer??? Perhaps you've heard of "BradJalina"? Yup, that was me... Before I came along Oprah Winfry was just a cashier at McDonalds... You're Welcome..."
people please give me a good reason besides hating THE POTUS, why we should not have a wall at the border??it cant be spending waste because all presidents do that??
What the hell is wrong with the republicans?
Can he possibly be more annoying.
He’s unfit for president so remove him immediately!!!
Love this man  a true leader .
Finally got a wall
😳 what did I just watch?
MAGA 2020
This is like a kid asking the parent for the keys to the car and the parent said no and the kid just took the keys anyway "cuz he gotta".
Fair Shake Get rid o TRUMP. He has made fools out of America all over the world.
You love our law enforcement agencies? Right  you and your republican cronies are doing everything you can to tear down our top law enforcement, but then you follow Putin's autocratic plan to the T. First you you tear down the law, then you go after the press, all those who can bring you down, you have make them look bad in the people's eyes.. and you have done a good job so far, but there will always be more of us than there are of you and we have God on our side.prayer can break the strongest hold!!!!!
Lol, CNN is pure anti republican propaganda, they are only saying „bad trump” , he won with Clinton and he is a presiden so he is  deciting in your country.
I really do not know how it is possible that there are people who, when they hear this maniac, do not realize that apart from the title of President he DOES NOT have anything else of a real President!
wall, wall, wall, wall where are you? here i am here i am here i am - how do you do? i do national emergency, i want money - i want wall - i wall wall wall
I think Donald Trump is doing Americans justices by securing this wall thing.
But what will americans do when they can no longer get their cheap drugs from the south?
Pathetic orange pos
watch this wall fail like everything else he has done that has failed keep on bragging trump no one is believes you or is listening
7:22 u have $700 million, $716million..when I need $2-3 million out of that...................for....a......wall...
The only national emergency is Trump himself.  Get this dumbcunt out of office now.
He declares an emergency then goes to play golf. What a tw@t. BTW, He’s sniffing again. WTF is that about?
Why does everyone hate trump?
We know who you wanna give all the money too. You just gave them a giant tax cut.
All I hear is billions dollars. Millions.
trump is nothing but lier  even little  kids wont bleave  anyting he says   he is just a BIGGEST  JERK
The real reason the so-called "democrats" are against the wall is that it will greatly impede, if not stop the flow of illegal aliens aka "democrats" from across the border(s) from as far away as perhaps even South America. The entire vote base of the "democrats" are these illegal aliens who will do anything to spread like vermin in the USA. You can bet on the traitorous "democrats" to stop at nothing to destroy USA for the sake or political gain.
Why can't the President of America speak properly? Way to go "done, did" Americans.
What a CON. Trump never really answered any of those questions.
#Trump2020 All liberals are the same....all talk but no facts.
Since people won't allow a trump statue with they money  him do the wall i think him wants not be forgoten and is why him wants left something to people remember him
Hope when trumps dies people makes fall these stupid wall
Where are all those silly bots?  They usually infiltrate the CNN video comments.  Must be taking borscht brake.
My 13 year old Autistic son has more common sense than this orangutan ...
Trump is the only national threat and emergency....build a wall around Trump
Hear that? That's the sound of liberal heads exploding.
1 Million 375 Million Dollars. Does he know how counting works?
His mental illness is more apparent every day!!!
Fear mongering, stupidity, hatred a trifecta. He is not making sense.
Wow.  So Trump is going to declare a national emergency over an emergency that he created, then steal 8 billion dollars from the budget to fund his midevil wall and completely reject the Democrats bills aimed at realistic border security that would aim at every single sector or the border Yet his idiotic supporters still think all of this is great.  I miss America.
TRUMP dosent care what the cost is to get what he wants,the way he going he will BANKRUPT this country he has already added over 2 TRILLION since he has been in to the national debt in that short time but he dosent care its nothing to him has long has he gets what he wants and not the people the wall and the MILITARY PARADE which is all for him and he didnt even join the MILITARY what joke and when all those kids at that school got killed he did nothing for them what a disgrace of a PRESIDENT  he is to do all these other things and nothing for the kids that got killed shame on him and it wont be the last.he is a disgrace to our country. And yet, I'll be considered a pedophile for saying it. Just like the celebrities bashing him that the Breitbart homos just can't get off the brain. Y'all need an ass whooping, for real.
Im sick of his LIES someone please take him out of the white house
Has Trump's mental illness driven him to self sabotage? This makes no sense!
The National Emergency is violence using guns; not women with babies crossing the border or coming to the border asking for asylum. How come nobody from Parkland HS was at yesterday’s National Emergency declaration? No one from the Synagogue, no one from Las Vegas, no one from Sandy Hook, the Church in South Carolina, Charllottsville, etc, etc.... and today no one from the factory in Illinois. Tomorrow another workplace or HS or college. When will we do something?
kinda like his wife and her parents? chain migration........
My faimly have lost a loving and beautiful mom to opiate addiction this last year. Im suck of everyone Democrat and Republican turning a blind eye to the opiate problem tell my grandchildren the lost their mom that it's not a crisis no one knows the pain of losing a loved one from a drug problem in this country until you've lived it
Any money handed over to Trump's administration should come with strict conditions.  No construction business with ties to the Trump company should be considered for the job, since ultimately a big chunk of that money would go straight into the pockets of Trump and his family.  Also people should be appointed to oversee the spending of any money that is given for Trump's wall.  Every penny needs to be accounted for, since Trump has a tendency to treat any money at his disposal as a private bank account, he should be held accountable for all spending.  Since he is now making the taxpayers in this country pay for his wall,  taxpayers which he is not one of, Trump should be required to take time out of his "Executive Time" to report to the citizens of this country what is being done with the money and how much has been spent, this report needs to be fact based and not one of his fantasies.  Finally no section of this wall can be gold colored nor can the word TRUMP appear on any section of the wall, along with no pictures, engravings, or brandings which would serve as an advertisement for Trump and his companies.
Cant handle complex questions so he cuts the reporters off. Idiot president elected by inhuman supporters.
why is he catching his breath between words? Could it be that he's obese and not as healthy as the docs said?
1. So he admits his comment about already building more wall was BS? He just said he was restricted to only renovating the current wall. 2.Obama adding $8.6T, that's NOT more then the other Presidents combined. Bush added $5.85T and Trump has already added $2.25T in first 2 years. For all his talk about how much debt Obama added, he is on pace to match him. 3. Military is depleted yet we have 2 new aircraft carriers($12B each) and as he said they are giving surplus military gear to local law enforcement. A lot of holes in everything he is saying.
I mean to me it’s not bad lol, whatever it sounds like a joke or this is a stupid thing still gotta say not bad to me
Human trafficking is just as big a problem within the country as it is over the borders. It is both. It took years to get Backpage.com shut down.  Why is this guy lying about wall parts already built that is not true?  This man is so mentally ill and unable to take defeat that he actually has made up the lie but he is building the wall already. My fear is he is psychotic enough to believe something is there that is not there and is invisiable. This is psychosis. He's gone over the edge. He is a very  sick man working for a government that renders no medical aide to him whatsoever,even though I do not care.  He will be the death of us and soon if he is not taken out.
This man is a national embarrassment
Hey Trumptards build a wall around YOUR house....why should my tax dollars pay for your wall?
"i'm a real deficit believer" ... who's more crazy tho, we watching? or him captivating? this is nutz .. oh lord
No what are you talkin about the real America is the Republican I heard they took a IQ test and their scores are lower than a peanut and he's the head peanut this guy is really a cartoon
it is a violation of the Constitution set up just to prevent this kind of executive abuse ... but trump wouldn't know what the Constitution says ... because he can't read above a 2nd grade level (no offense to 2nd graders who at least are earnest and willing to learn !!!) !!! The Constitution will stand up to this challenge.  We are done with his demented egocentric tamper tantrums ... vote him and his cronies out !!! There is no way that we can't find a better president in our big country ... he's the fake prez who fabricates crisis to make it look like he's solving problems ...!!! Dump the trumps !!! Throw them into a wood chipper along with those snot-nosed MAGA kids.
Twentytwo trillion debt.
he he he he... who does CIA/Pompeo works.for now?
CNN and msm is for sheeples
President Pinocchio is at it again! Such dishonesty, o he can’t even answer the questions the reporters ask , like where he get his statistics!  He makes up his own as he goes along, how sad is that?  His own administration are dishonest with him!
People are so ignorant. Money isn't real. Debt isn't real.
Trump is great. His haters are morons.
LATEST NEWS! TRUMP GIVING CALIFORNIA WHAT THEY WANT BY PULLING THE NATIONAL GUARD AND BORDER PATROL OFF THEIR SOUTHERN BORDER! THANK YOU MR. TRUMP!
First of all America was never. Gteat. We learned this in hammer school but most of us grew up. America has been a country that uses poor people and has kept us poor....it is not necessary to have a wall separating this country from. Mexico...all that land was stolen by the.  U. S.  Are you planning to wall off Canada too... oh I forgot. They are white...this plan of yours is all about the color of.skin.  we know your parents were members of the. Klan. I raised children too I know how children can be influenced. And I feel sorry for you for that. Reason.  You have your racism deep within you...drugs coming in come on we all know who the big drug dealers in history were current history bill Clinton...Ronald Regan and poppy Bush.  Its still going on.  You possibly know that. I don t but money is some people s. God.  The most important thing. In their lives...your tax has cost jobs in this country. The auto plant moved out of the country the soy bean contract now gone and farmers are without...speaking of farmers who is going to do this slave labor that the Mexicans do.  Lettuice is now 3.00 a head it is no and hopefully better than no lettuic.  Who knows but without these guys wearing foul weather gear in the hot sun for slave labor wages...can you imagine whatcproduce will cost...we won t afford it....bad people...please ....there are enough here already. Its your Raccist attitude that you are unaware of and if anything in seminal.  Rush Limbaugh is a monster he is a trouble maker. He has an audience of like thinking people hateful idiots. Laura is also hatefulxand not too bright . your mouthpiece Sarah is a proud member of. The. The. K.  L.  U.  K. L.  U.   X.   K.  L.  A.     N.    Had to type this way because my key pad is discrimitive.  Of course it is those in charge of getting rid of free speech....all in all your wall is about your ego.  You are as immature as a two year old. We must teach these children that they cannot have all they want...I m sure you have been shopping and heard mothers with the child who is screaming you know you must have experienced this behavior. It didn t happen to you you think you are entitled to everything you want.   No can do... What you have said about Obama spending money is not true.  You have cost tax payers especially us in the city way too much...you are so jealous of Obama it comes up at every speech. Were you and. Joan friends the one who started the tranny rumors about Michelle...your wife had eye facial surgery and you called it kidney so what shechasxthe bucks we would all have eye lifts if we could. Afford it we would all have the whole nine yards but who has that kind of money....
Enough about that but. Joan. Rivers was a vicious jealous trouble maker do you remember. Her old stuff when she was on. Carson. Heidi something wow that was vicious.  Never liked her could see the real. Joan. Even her own daughter said the same thing when she was going to. Penn...to get back to you please cut it out you are too much with this bullshit. Vamericacwas never Great...have you ever read a historical novel based on the history of this country...I doubt it as you would have learned how mean spirited those who had were to those they hired...the native people the black people. Do you know that the Irish were kidnapped first but they died in the cotton fields so they kidnapped. Africans....you would. Have been so much better off with the Irish. They have always been a prolific group of people.  Many slaves for masters....please try to do better open lots of books and squire some knowledge for someone with an. Ivy league education you sound like you wentvtoca bible school.  That is not. A compliment believe me...your Sarah went to one. Need I say more...a little confused wouldn t you say....enough said you won t listen anyhow you think you know more than the crest of us....you come from hate try to come from love ....myself live but love...
Why is all this money going to a wall instead of school protection you know to prevent school shootings better education
See ya on court Donnie
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! HAIL TRUMP!
Funny. Why is it, when Democrats had control under Obama, that the immigration process wasn't fixed then. For several decades our government has picked over our friends to the south over countries we helped spread "democracy" in. Problem is, most of the voters in this country have caused this. It doesn't matter which party you voted for either, unless you voted other than Democrat or Republican. The fact is, there has been continuous construction of the border wall since 2005. The reality is, the funds posted in this omnibus bill were already appropriated for the wall, whether anyone liked it or not. Trump's executive order is just for show, and your buying it hook, line and sinker. Another psychological tactic to keep the population divided.
It's a invasion aww run for the hills the Mexicans are coming!!! The is Trump's mind set. America is becoming a laughing stock
EL CHAPO should make a deal..................TRUMP GET HIS $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$-he made billions from drug sales over border
Mein Trumpf
Either ”Mexico pay for it” (he even promised and guaranteed it as well!) or absolutely nothing, not one single penny from the innocent American taxpayers!!!
Pathetic. He lacks the ability to communicate at even the simplest level. For anyone with at least a third grade education, I’m sure they see right through the nonsense and lies. The Democrats will have their ranks swell, and progressives will capture the Senate and Presidency in 2020.
CNN is fake news
Lol Trump is really ridiculous.. His entire admin gameplan resorts on building a Wall across Mexico border to trive upon construction interest. And his supporters (most of them white thrash biased/racist, lower/middle class mass) is loving it. Congrats on making this country "great" again.
So tired of him being allowed to live.
3:21 WTF
Close the border completely then,and get all major US corporations out of Mexico.
National emergency on Donald Trump!!!
I can’t wait to see how much support the next president, who is democrat, there is when they ask for five billion to upkeep this stupid wall...
“WE HAVE SOO MUCH MONEY I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH IT.” Your incompetence is showing
In 1983, my father, a newspaper man since before WWII said, ''The ''republicans'' do things TO people and democrats do things FOR people.''. 
I have seen nothing to make me question his observations.
Make America a Great Laughing Stock!
Trump is great. Keep doing a good job mr president
Help the poor and the left fortunate that do not have healthcare, want to go to College or trade school we know what to do with all that money. F(@/< the po pos.
OMG, he actually did it? Lmao! Right or wrong, the man has balls, I'll give him that!!
He is irritating to look at. To listen to.
The leftwing liberals who don't like him are all emotion and no logic. He hurts their feelings. Lol.
He's literally the best president the US has had since JFK and done more good for 'Merica than MANY past presidents combined.  
He'll win in 2020!
Well , Most of Americans love him. If the Dems dont put up a strong candidate in the next election, he wins again, easily. He is hit and miss, and no one on either side has stood up to him. So on to the next chapter. How high is the wall,?. Lmao. This story is old. If you took a real poll, i would bet his approval rating is above 50 percent
Obama declared 12 National emergencies when he was in office for 8 years just because President Trump has it you guys don't like it but it's okay for Obama to do it right
Can I have a little bit of pocket change from “all that money, you don’t know what to do with it?” I mean struggling families can tell you what to do with it, homeless ppl can tell you how to spend it. Families having to pay for cancer treatments can tell you how to spend that money..I can make you a list Mr.President on just what all you can REALLY use that money for & STILL have money for a fucking wall. drugs WILL ALWAYS be apart of life, I’m sorry but it’s true. No amount of jail time or lives lost is going to stop it. Government workers get funded by drug money. Don’t be so blind
Those idiots who claim there's "no emergency" haven't had a family member die of an opioid OD, or get killed by a drunk-driving illegal alien with no respect for our laws or human life.
Now he’s dropping names! And they are all racist, He has a hard hand for President Obama so much, he cannot help but talk about every chance he gets. I’m surprised his dentures had not fallen out as yet.
Him being president, it's remarkable how much emphasis he put's on there being an "us" vs. "them" situation. Especially when considering the only "us" he is refering to with any consistency isn't the republican party, but his own administration. What is he up to, truely?  - - -  Also, part of speech containing anything of essence, while spersed out somewhat, amounts to some 6-7 minuttes total. Rest is pure ego-masturbation for open mic. How long are you going to put up with this, America?
Did you know illegal immigrants are the least likely statistical group to commit any sort of crime? Majority of them come here for a better life. The reason being is obvious. If you come here illegally, why would you put any attention on yourself for the risk of getting deported. The majority of them are hard working and they do their best to stay out of trouble. I'm not saying that's right, but this is anything but a "National Emergency."
To the rest of the world.  WE ARE SO SORRY ABOUT THIS🥺
I know I'm voting for Trump next election.  Everybody else is OK with Killing more babies, and God is watching.  Wouldn't want HIM thinking I'm one of those butchers and their enablers.  HELL is real and I wouldn't want to spend eternity with all those Freemasons, Commies, Pinko's and Lefists constantly wailing in agony, not to mention the stench.  At Least TRUMP isn't swimming in that Ocean of Innocent Blood the way Margret Sanger and her blood thirsty Feminazi's are. So unless you like staring into the grotesque face of Margret Sanger for eternity and hearing her wail in misery, Vote For Trump even if he isn't too smart.
🤬👎
It’s so funny coming from another page so many likes and positive comments and CNN pages is a bunch of dislikes and negative comments. Im new to politics but I understand the division now. It’s crazy
Billions and billions and billions and billions and billions.....
Trump you've done nothing but make America a laughing stock!
I say just give the damn wall and move on. America is suffering and I see both sides of how it’s not fair but even if we can’t stop the trafficking of it all we can slow it down. I love my Hispanics but I’m so damn tired of hearing this man talk about a wall!
Finally we can get the wall! Thank you Trump. Most Americans want border security and to protect our sovereignty
This guy is a disgrace. He is not even making sense anymore. Just talking rubbish. Im very happy I dont live in the USA. Wouldnt even go on holiday there with this maniac in power. Good luck idiot Trump voters
Trump and the GOP have declared war on we citizens with this act. They have already turned the US into a dictatorship because that is what the GOP conservatives have been trying to do for over a decade. Trump and the GOP have ignored what the people voted for and  allowed Trump to lie about everything that comes out of their mouths. What the people want means nothing to them; we not live in a dictatorship. Look at  the illegal, immoral and unethical things they are doing. Trump and his corrupt picks on the Supreme Court have abandoned our Constitution and they rule by the people and for the people. They have allowed Trump to skip all of the other court hearing that anyone was to have before going to the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court gave him permission to skip other court hearings and they  rule like Nazi's did in Germany. Trump and the GOP conservatives pay Kavanaugh and Gorsh to vote their way and everyone  knew this would happen but our highest court ins now corrupt. People need to to revolt or our way of life in gone forever.  We are at war with corrupt factions within our government that are winning and now democracy means nothing in the USA. God help us why are these criminals allowed to do this. It may be time to move our loved ones out of the USA to protect them; the US is no longer safe for anyone but the members of the Republican party.  Did God the USA is gone.
Chuck Schumer couldn't negotiate his way out of a brown paper bag. LOL
I imagine a one-world religion in a setting of paradise... it must be in tropical country, worshiping One God, the creator of paradise on Earth... and this paradise is not a desert haven nor it is a place at war with its neighbors?
Why can't we just get rid of The Donald.  I can only listen to about 5 minutes of him, especially when he's rude and obnoxious to people because he doesn't like the questions they ask.  Telling them to sit down and acting like a dictator.  I mean just being rude and treat people like inferiors.  He is just a ugly person, in more ways than one..
Hola
Please cut POTUS some slack. He is trying to build the wall, then, he is going ask Mexico to pay for it. You can't ask a country to pay for a product they have not seen. Even America pays China only for products they've seen.
Impeach him!!!
He's so happy with his 52% polls 
hahaha
Hate on Trump all you want but you got to give it to him, he knows what he's doing and he's good at doing it.
Anyone who doesn’t want a wall has to be plain stupid. Seem like a lot of you CNN supporters don’t want a wall...well what should I expect? Fake news and stupid people following this “resist” bs. My President, my wall. TRUMP 2020. PS....CHOO CHOO!
"WHO IS GOING TO PAY FOR THE WALL?"
"MEXICO!!!"
To all the idiots who chanted and believed this outrageous lie....you own this mess.
The land oft the free held hostage by a mafiosi. A joke !
The democrats don't want the money spent on anything really,that way they can sit on it and make it gradually disappear without anyone asking questions....get those people out of our country that are coming here illegally to leech and drop anchor babies...cut all support to them and send them out...that would soon save American taxpayers trillions of dollars....give Trump his requested money,he's right when he says the military budget has 600 billion still there for them....why not question the 700 billion Fucking Obama sent to rebuild Iraq for his Muslim brotherhood....700 billion to Iraq and bases that cost billions over there that we abandoned so the terrorists have new training camps....Hillary and Obama selling Russia uranium.....So much for people wanting Trump in jail.....Trump for President in 2020👍
Man I love Trump!  MAGA!  Enjoy your conniption fits leftists!!  Hehe....and oh yeah...CNN SUCKS!!!!
Honestly, what is the difference between this and a president declaring an emergency to declare martial law? wasn't that what all those republican conspiracy theorists were afraid Obama would do? I guess you just have to tell them they're winning, and you can do anything you want...
Billions and billions of hard earned money that has either need to be in a tax refund or its part of the money creation of the fed, or the bonds you need to pay back, we don’t have the money. For something this unnecessary.
Anyone who thinks the wall is a good idea should read “in the strawberry fields” by Eric schlosser. Well researched dose of truth. The wall will do nothing to stop immigration. It is the employers that hire illegals that are the root of the problem.
Just report the news , don't put your own personal opinion at the end of the story , the people can listen and make their own minds up , You CNN and rest of fake news with your hate for this president are just heightening and making people believe your opinions....SHUT UP and no I am not a Russian Troll ...
Trump is a Hero!
What an absolute clinical PSYCHOTIC as the President! Truly unbelievable and even much, much more...
That was a very very long Narcissistic rant talking about everything “He” has done to save the world and how he personally  add the world a better place.  What made me laugh hysterically is when he said he “read a particular paper” that said Russia, Iran and Syria were going to murder 3 million people to get 45k terrorists.  He said that he put out a statement saying, “you better not and then they didn’t” implying that they stopped whatever he is blabbering about on Trumps word alone.  There was nothing surgical about what Russia, Syria and Iran did to the people of Syria...between Russian Carpet bombing runs and Syria’s chemical attacks on their own people left many citizens no choice but to Exodus their homeland to simply live.  Then he speaks about this Nobel Peace Prize as if he did much of anything ... when it was the President of South Korea that did 99% of the work.  The only thing Trump did was come in at the last minute and talk to Kim Jung .... mainly because Kim Jung wanted to meet Trump...Trump was/is a celebrity and he just had to meet him.  I am always amazed how Trump rarely gives details about anything just assertions and of coarse statements indicating that other people know nothing and remember nothing on Trump knows and remembers....pompous narcissist....so glad he is the the leader of the most powerful country in the world...no chance that could go wrong....
The decoration of stealing Funds from National Emergency should invoke an automatic Impeachment by the House.
BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS OF DOLLARS
CNN should fire their PR firm. I’m sorry they are getting bad advice. The worse PR nightmare is “fake news “ label and abusive behavior heaped on reporters on live tv. Then this journalist decide to get on tv for sympathy support. Stop giving him press coverage and allowing him to berate your brand and journalist. It makes CNN look weak. Sad . Bad PR
Sigh, as an immigrant from a country where dictatorship happens, I'm not even surprised by the fact that we have a dictator-esq president. What kills me is that ppl in this country ELECTED the DUMBEST and most IDOTIC one of them all. He may not be the cruelest, or the most terrible, but he is undoubtedly the dumbest. Omgiliveinacountryofidiots.
HE JUST ADMITTED ITS NOT AN EMERGENCY. HE JUST SAID IT! HE DIDNT NEED TO DO THIS. 10:50 He's so dumb!
How is this not dementia???
People are individuals and just because someone is a Republican doesn't mean they support everything Donald Trump says, and just because they oppose him doesn't meant that Democrats don't believe in protecting our borders.  Stereotyping people is a bad thing and drives us all apart. Stop bad-mouthing Democrats and Republicans! We're Americans! Donald Trump is the guy who is driving us apart and promoting differences between us. Well…Donald Trump and the Russian
Greatest president in a long time . Proud to be an American !
Can't wait for Mitch to get out of the Senate.
A lot of republicans just make me want to puke. (the hypocrisy is soooo strong coming out of the Obama years)
目光都放在保護台灣, 香港呢? 全球都被主權及一國两制矇騙了, 事實及法理上, 中共早已違反英中聯合聲明, 英國已可以收回香港, 不再承認中國擁有香港主權, 惟英國沒有美國般的實力, 香港人只有眼睜睜地看著中共肆無忌憚地欺負香港人, 美國若有維護全球自由民主使命感, 不要再猶疑吧, 出手保護香港人, 越早越好, 越遲中共搗亂破壞香港文明制度越深越多, 越遲越難補救.
SOMEBODY INPEACH THIS CLOWN!!!!!
President shall chusen some officers to recruit and train a well regulated militia as the bill of rights stipulates, with the funds from the taxes only and stop every weapon marchands from any association right now. Then help thoses immigrants searching help and feed them, and try to make them work in the US as human rights stipulates.
A National Emergency is something everyone can see like a terrorist attack, natural disasters or an epidemic like swine flu.  Trump has over stepped his authority. A massive long-term construction project that will take more than a decade to complete is not a National Emergency. Congress must act swiftly to prevent this abuse of executive power.
Mr Trump needs to impeach
For abusive power.
What a joke, impeach this clown....
This is wonderful. Thank you President Trump. Things are going very well the last few weeks.
"I don't want to speak for Obama... But allow me to speak for Obama...." this guy is such a fool... I really can't stand him... I'll never forgive him for getting me involved and concerned about politics!!!! I wonder if Japan is just punking the Nobel committee??? Do you think? Maybe there were hidden camera's all over the place when that letter was delivered.. I would have loved to of seen some faces when they read it. I bet they hung copies of it in the bathroom above the urinals Hahaha
Trump 2020 MAGA on
I truly don’t understand all of the comments.. actually I do you just scroll just down on the first second and type “HES CRAZY AHHH” shut up. We pay this guy ONE. DOLLAR. to turn this country around for the better. Thank you President Trump!
So Mr. Orange President claims every media outlet besides Fox is "Fake news" yet won't clarify for these "fake news" outlets reporters and viewers where he gets his facts from. If you feel like they're reporting the wrong facts Mr. Idiot, set them straight. But instead he is extremely rude and tries to command that reporter to sit down! Good for him for staying on his feet, little victories against this racist, sexist, anti American monster!
Thank you Mr President,  build that wall.
Anybody has their own opinion and we live in a free country , I do think he is the best president we ever had
What a ungrateful people of the USA  they dont respect their president which has been elected through a democratic process. Whole world is seeing there is less unity.. they should support the national powers they should respect their leader trump.
All ad hominem arguments. Honestly, do CNN viewers even understand that we have legal immigration and that since the year 2000 legal immigrants to the United States number approximately 1,000,000 per year? Our President is protecting our country from law breakers. He took an oath to do this. He will get the money from Mexico through El Chapo's money, just wait and see.
Just listen to this guy..... How does your "Idiot radar" not go off when you hear him speak.......
I feel embarrassed with this so called president......feel like a teenager is running the U.S
The trouble is dems lost the election and immediately after that they tried to discredit him and it continues to this day. People who dislike this President got caught up in it, this discrediting him and hate him for it.  The US is now becoming great again look at all he has done for the US,  but again people who hate him don't care about this all they care about (well I am guessing is hating him, which the dems, and news outlets have created). You may not like him but you have to give him credit for making the US great again and keeping his promises which career politicians don't, if you cant do that, we really know what you care about in regards to helping your own US citizens and making their lives better.  You don't care about people only yourselves.
MAGA president trump and keep pointing out CNN and it’s fake news
I will be voting trump again
It's never your fault orange BS. Such a liar!
Finally...a President not afraid to tackle our immigration problems.  Thank you President Trump.  No other country in the world has benefited from mass immigration.  We are no exception.  In the early 1900's, the industrial industry was booming and we needed workers.  That is no longer the case. Illegal immigration needs to be stopped permenately, and the wall will accomplish this.  Drones and more border agents will not.  Drones can be deactivated...border agents removed...then we are right back here at square one.  A wall is the only long term solution.
This Chump Is Guilty Of The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
Haha i loved when trump called cnn fake news and told them to sit down 👌🏻👍🏻 TRUMP 2020
TRUMP 2020 👍🇺🇲👍
Barack Obama was a much better President, in sooo many ways! 💪🏾💪🏾
Demo rats have lost...
Cnn has lost
Trump wins..
Good job trump.
Haha fake news CNN
Thank God for this President
A mom just buried her daughter bc her murderer stuffed her in a suitcase after her death in my state...............an ILLEGAL did it...............
he overstayed his visa...............IT is NOT AN EMERGENCY until its your child dead................
How the F##K is he President he's a paranoid Freak !
Go for it mr President. You’re best ever.
I say, "build the cage" and lock autocrat Trump in it. He's an embarrassment, and a risk to our democracy!
i assume the dislikes are at cnn's expense because trump is the best president and cnn is fake news
Best president of my lifetime.
What is he saying???? It’s nonsense!!!
Build the wall👍👍👍👍👍🎇🎉🎆
Your president is trying to protect your border, like every other nation in the world.

And you think that's an IMPEACHABLE OFFENCE??????  xD 
and YOU call Trump crazy? LMFAO
He said he has received billions and billions of dollars that he don't know what to do with_ IGNORANCE IS BLIND TO WISE DECISIONS < APPLY IT TO YOUR SMOKE AND MIRROR WALL_ and leave the Constituents Birthright needs OUT OF THE EQUATION!!!🌶🌶🌶
Congress is the only entity who can fund the wall, the reason they're are not funding it is the majority of their constituents don't want to spend taxpayer money on the wall. Especially after the tax bill and the ballooning deficit.
It is an emergency when a thousand illegals can walk up to the border and say asylum and come in. Idc if numbers are down. Should be zero people coming illegal zero drugs zero trafficking
I had to turn the volume down because I cant stand his voice im just here to read the comments.
Trump speaks the truth.
Trump os the greatest President.
Trump wins. I am not sick of winning.
CNN bow down to your master and saviour king President Donald Trump he wins again and your fake polls loose again
Trump's the greatest president we've ever had.  He tells it like it is.
TRUMP 2020
So many delusional CNN watchers on here. Over 60k OD deaths in America last year, fentanyl and other drugs pouring over the borders, many illegal aliens involved in the intentional (murder) and unintentional (DWI) deaths of Americans, old diseases such as typhoid fever out breaks in places like CA directly from 3rd world nations, hospitals overrun with illegals who don't pay their medical bills, rampant 3rd world gangs (just look at the CA prison prison system) etc. etc. Damn right there is an emergency! And we WILL win this in the supreme court, get ready for the wall and the end of the Democrat vote machine thanks to the stemming of illegals who vote for the give it away for free party..
America.............the world is watching
How low your president will bring you down the drain
America in self destruct mode.
WTF is he rambling about?! Getting him out is the only emergency!
I guess liberals don't see drugs and criminals crossing the border as a problem.
This is the reason why trump will be elected in 2020
CNN = Newzi propaganda
This is a great day for America
lol, he's lying so much his teeth tries to escape, what a con.
Clear some room on Mount Rushmore for Donald Trump, the greatest president in the last 100 years.
Had to declare a national emergency, the haters on both sides aren't willing to cooperate.   The fear of Trump fulfilling his campaign promises worries them, especially the one about draining the swamp.   He got rid of a lot of the republicans now he's working on the democrats. He's a brilliant, brilliant, man.
I wish more people could think for themselves, and not just jump on the trump hater bandwagon
I could not keep listening to this dunce... Smh....
Maybe you hate Trump's personality.  Fine.  Maybe you hate that he goes around Congress.  Fine.  But what is so bad about stopping illegal immigration, drugs, crime, etc?  I don't understand it.  It really feels like dems would rather see Trump fail than have a safe country.  Beto literally just said he wants to tear down all physical barriers along the southern border.  Please prove me wrong.  And please keep it civil.
Here is how to make America great again,  put Orange in orange.
FOOLS See below.  Dont recognize what they have in America.  America is more powerful now than ever before.  We are respected around the World.  Trump is most accomplished President.  You fools are playing into the hands of the criminal radical left seeking power over you.  People around the world wish they had Trump for their President who fights what is best for Americans.  Fools look at Paris  look at venequela...This is what the left will guarantee you
Ill vote him again 2020 yes i will
This dude is straight trash
Donald Trump and his presidency are a joke.
I love our president 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
One angry man lying is all I see here. What a mess. Make the GOP pay for this.
Holy cow that was the incoherent, delusional, self-incriminating speech I ever heard, is this guy eating paint chips, REALLY!
Dictator
DICTATOR!!
Make America "sniff" again
IMPEACH
In some countries this would be mounting to an impeachable offense. He is a would be dictator.
unfortunately we the american people will pay for this . all you crazy trump lovers will see in the near future of higher taxes and less tax return .A sad 4 years for America
Trump & Racism:
Racism is a super inferior concept, only extremely inferior people with low self esteem practice racism, real talk
Whos he kidding tariffs come out of the pockets of the tax payer.
Get ready to cry 6 more years libtards.
I just dropped a few points in IQ listening to this nonsense.
trump...go to jail...do not pass go...do not collect money from Russia...
Having an anarchist in office is just swell by me.
Abuse of Power and blatant incompetence. IMPEACH NOW!
Whoever vote for him is crazy
I hate Him !!!
How about gun control ??!? Can You sign national emergency for it
Great! It's what we voted for 💪
It’s such a beautiful day to be wearing a MAGA hat. 😅
This man should be in a mental institution.
I can't wait til Mueller takes him out.
Every President in then past 35 years have talked about securing the border (Clinton, Obama, Bush etc. etc.) none have... NONE. What is wrong with protecting the borders of the country? Why wouldn't you want the border secured? Why?
America are you listening to your president?  The man who represents the most powerful country in the world.  Lying about Obama was going to start a war with N. Korea.  This guy rambles nonsense
trump stealing food money from the us military budget.
ORANGE MAN BAD
Democrats don't want a Wall ✋ Takes away from potential illegal voters!
Walls work. These politicians have walls and gates and even armed security around their mansions. Some of the reporters that work for CNN also have these same walls and borders around their private property!Jim Acosta, I am taking to you! Do you lock your door at night? What is the difference? Oh yeah, if we have a fully open border, more people will come in that want handouts, and the Democrats will have more power. If you think that they care about you, they do not. CNN and the mainstream media have colluded to try to CONTROL US ALL! They care more about making sure that illegal citizens have access because people are waking up and deciding to  from Democrats, the fake mainstream media and all these things that your channel embodies and loves! But I guess I am just a NOTHING BURGER to you, huh CNN?
How can people listen to that crazy guy? It's completely incoherent nonsense he is rambling about
How is this man a billionaire?  He seems to barely understand how words work...
What kind of agenda would CNN have to bring down immigration statistics? He think talking over people and calling them "fake" makes him right?
What an ABSOLUTE DOUCHE‼️‼️‼️
Puto, POTUS
Oh boy this presidency is a joke....reality tv show
It's hilarious how you democrat supporters believe that they're fighting for you instead of actually fighting for their 2020 election
"Our real country" so tired of this racist coded language
TRUMP 2020
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸💪AMERICA FIRST!
The 25th Amendment should be seriously considered. America obviously have an incoherent fool as president.
Wouldn't climate change be an actual emergency?
+75% of CNN's viewers agree here. The polls proved it, these hateful comments are simply the angriest of her voters, the crazed millenial trolls and their YouTube platoons! 😴
MAGA🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 charity begins at home. Americans 1st. America 1st.
Thank you Mr President. The best President in history. MAGA 2020
We❤️Trump🇺🇸🦅we win😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣👊🏼
Love that he's building the wall!!!!
MAGA ALWAYS PREVAILS OVER EVIL!!! ❤
I love making Liberals cry.
Incoming triggered liberals!!!!! The wall is coming folks and your precious criminals won't be welcome
HEY HEY HO HO MS-13 GOTTA GO!!!
PROMISES MADE,, PROMISES KEPT!!!
America is so proud of Trump. Finally a president doing what needs to be done. This is only the beginning. MAGA
Democrats are so anti-Trump that they think securing our border is bad, how???
DELICIOUS LIBTARD TEARS!!!!
Latino for Trump 2020 =)
Incoming TDS sore libtards comments below.
🙄he's a complete joke ...
Says the obese criminal addicted to dopamine driven by excrement disguised as food, the thrill of deception, and illusory blind power.
What a great president keep up the good work millions of Americans are against illegal aliens crime drugs and guns coming over the Border
Lock CNN Up
THAT'S RIGHT BlTCHES!!! TRUMP WINS AGAIN!!!
Good for you, Mr president!
Go Mr. President, we support you🇺🇸🇺🇸
I can't watch any more of this bull crap.
Trump goes by his gut  statistical wise. He's gut besides outside influence is where he gets his nfo. Media don't you know that by now. What does that tell you? National Emergency!
( Ha!!! got ehm!!!!!! April fools ) i tought he was going to say that lol
2019 Clown snow in the WH..promises to be even better than year 2018..
25th amendment 🙏
Today starts the day of Martial law will see how fast things accelerate from here, Gray State
ha ha ha ha... trump.and putin playing fire in europe....
El Chapo has broke out of prisons twice before. Walls don't stop drug dealers.
There are miles of drug tunnels that run underneath the existing border fences (that have been discovered, probably more we do not know about)
Even Alcatraz Island which you could argue was an optimal wall, 2% of the population housed there was able to get outside the wall with the few resources and regular searches and almost no help from the outside.
You really imagine a wall will keep out anyone who's determined?
Walls don't keep rabbits out of gardens. You must be a particularly dumb bunny.
Why didn't they ask him what about the white american man that ran a car into protesters and the shootings by Americans
If there's "so much money" that he doesn't know what to do with it.... he should put it into infrastructure... Building what needs to be built, like bridges, better roads, put it into police departments for training, put that money into schools and educational programs to help students, or better yet pay off college student debt and make college free for all Americans, or pay military personnel what they deserve... Make the V.A. hospitals better.... the list goes on.... this just proves there is no money and he has no idea what he is talking about.
China's paying what?  Hell of a way to run a country.
Trump destroyed the fake news reporters...lol a wall only makes our country safer its common sense.
Everything that comes out his mouth sounds like a lie
"I'm a little new to the profession" WELL YEAH, YOU IDIOT! YOU NEED MORE EXPERIENCE AT CHILI'S OH MY LORD
In the interview Kamala Harris smoked pot in college and listened to Snoop Dogg and Tupac, Problem! she graduated in the mid 80s and Snoop Dogg and Tupac were in the 90s
God bless our president!
He couldn't cold call that argument to a two dollar bettor trying to make ten cent on a 1/9 shot without getting hung up on!
If we have all this extra money, why not do more to help the Vets?
make trump join the military ...
ha ha ha ha... the us sold craps in poland to intimidate putin and the reason for 500 km nuclear target, it's contractor's money and the military got reduced salary and food budget.
Using people that are grieving as props. Classy.
Trump is DEATHLY AFRAID of refuge women and orphan children.
This president is such a liar and also a bully who is very sarcastic and mean. I will be grateful to God that if he wins another full years he would have to exit after it.
CNN, MSNBC, CBS, NBC, USA, PBS, CNBC, FOXB, FXNWS, What is a life worth? What are 10 lives worth? What about 5 children? What about those thousands that die from opioid drugs? What are their lives worth? Would they be fair trade for security along our southern border in the building of a barrier, fence, wall? Why is it that USA protects other nations, countries, and no one bitches about those costs. But refuse to protect our citizens and the republic of the USA 🇺🇸? We, all people in some sort of way are hypocrites period. Get off our high horses and protect our citizens along our southern border. Every location in the borders of the USA have requests for protection. Why not the southern border of the USA🇺🇸? So, $5.7 billion  isn’t worth the security of the Republic 🇺🇸 , the lives of families,and children on all sides of the border? What the hell is wrong with our United States of America 🇺🇸 ?
ha ha ha ha... russian agent cancelling INF treaty to allow Russia develops 500 km nuclear target and now taking 7 billion dollar from the us military budget.
History will show Trump as a low point. As well as the overall stupidity of the population, that allows people like him to just steal money
Best POTUS ever!! Win win win!
LORD GOD! Sorry we have done something really.... really......bad😭😭😭😭😭. Please have mercy on us I pray. Please hear our cry I beg you.
Good day for the working class.
What a lunatic.
Nobel peace prize, he's on something right!?!? And why does he have to talk at all, it's embarrassing to watch.
putin likes trump using national emergency to take the military budget. and putin is developing 500 km nuclear target.
Without a wage you have no Country.
Your button may be bigger than his but the reality is they are both still in the button category lol
Yes we have to get rid of those damn PEOPLE.
Rather spend the money on our southern than all these crazy wars that never seem to end.
Thank you President Trump!
putin is laughing all the way, trump taking us military budget and INF treaty was cancelled.
Time to send shovels, hack saws, and ladders to Mexico.
Only in Americe SMH
This man isn't competent to be in charge of a lemonade stand on a Saturday afternoon, let alone being President. He's barely coherent.
Youngstown, Ohio lost steel industry and no new start so you lie and did so to everyone there. I could care less about the wall right now but if it works we will see.
What the entire hell am I watching???? All this sing talking...foolery
@22:00...CNN = Fake News 😂😂😂😂👍
JIM FCKING ACOSTA, even at CNN no one likes him
Thank you 👍🏽🇺🇸🦅❤️👁‍🗨
trumptards don't want to understand, 1. American banks are the real drug dealers, 2. trump will take 7 billion dollars to weaken the military's morale.
The Dictator said “sit down” 23:34
This man is a FOOL. Great job US
The wall is not helping the problem.
He just has so much anger
he will take 7 billion from the us military budget, either from the contractors or salary/food budget of the us military, putin is laughing all the way.
Great leader!   The wall is to let people in! People who have nothing to hide and want to enter the correctly not illegally!
Stop aslym
I have never seen a ms 13 gang member before. I need proof
Spanky you sound like a 17 year old kid begging his mother for money because you owe the guy down the street.
How are American people still not taking any action against this clown? Everything coming out of his mouth is incompetent nonsense 😟
I predict ultra-light drones and helicopters will be booming in the near future... watch for an immigrant delivering service coming to a border near you soon 😂 It's going to be called Druber 😄😆😅 FAKE PRESIDENT CHUMP bamboozled you again 🚼💩🚽😈🎃🍄😷 I can hear Immigrants chanting "BUILD THE DRONES! BUILD THE DRONES!" AHHHAHAHAHA BAZINGA!!! 😂
ha ha ha ha... the american banks are the partners of el chapo. ha ha ha ha ha.
Booooo
Obama couldn't do a lot because he was the first black president and a lot of people didn't like that...and he didn't have people is high society like this clown
He a super genius with a big heart. Brag about yourself because your a handsome wonderful president. A+
Next Cheeseburger that is undercooked, "National EMERGENCY !!"
what does the constitution says of taking the us military budget out of context?
Does Trump have a speech writer on drugs or is Trump's inane ramble all his own work.  He cannot make sense from one minute to another
This will be easy for dems to win.Cuz the facts r there is no proof of this same bs u bein sayin the same song over and over stop watching tv about Mexican cartels.
So from the excessive whining that I've heard over the last two years, CNN is apparently pro-war, pro-human/child trafficking, pro-illegal immigration, etc. Does that mean that the morons that actually watch this channel are in agreement? That's really messed up. You people are sick.
Not a Peso not a dollar. We Mexicans are not paying for the wall, how stupid of the republicans that voted for him, the money is coming out of your taxes for this useless wall. Most undocumented are flying in and overstaying their visas.
It’s 8 BILLION NOW!!!!!!!!!!! Wat??????
Cut it out already!!!😨
Saved his presidency. The wall will get built and he will be reelected.
Does he not know how resilient Mexicans are? He’s just making it easier for them because now all they have to do is build tunnels. Out of sight out of mind 🤷🏽‍♀️😂
Obama somewhere relaxing and u keep bringing up his name.. Smh
And you owe China $1.138 trillion.
Trump really wants to get a Nobel peace prize.
use el chapo money in American banks, you broke your promise to the US military to repair their ships
Where is Mueller when we need him?
Love Trump telling Jim Acosta CNN is fake news
I’m no longer embarrassed but I am very entertained. He may be the worst president ever but he is certainly the most hilarious man on the planet. Absolutely zero self awareness and I love it!
He must answer what people want to know. There is no balance if he limits himself to answering only the questions he wants to hear. In countries like Iraq, North Korea or Venezuela, journalists can only report what the governors want. But this country is democratic and the president must be held accountable
when he is not telling the truth. We all, Democrats, Republicans or Independents, must agree that the president lacks respect for the public when he speaks and does not care if he is telling the truth or not.
This is so stupid. What a waste of energy, time, money. A wasted 4 years.
Trump is Israel’s governor!
Fake NewCNN IS THE SLAVE OF THE DemoRats☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️😤
This is F-king embarrassing to our country.
Looks like the green new state of emergency is getting closer to reality lol
When is he going to stroke out already
I am very confused
I really just don’t listen to the news anymore.
MS13 Monsters! They were hiding under the bed and scared me, I couldnt sleep!!
coincidence that all trump's aid have russian billionaire ties and all russian billionaires have ties with putin.
Over 200 people investigated, hundreds of thousands of documents searched and absolutely no evidence of collusion
We have a dictator.

This is exactly how dictators grab power: they win an election....they create fear....it becomes a fake emergency...they act beyond their laws and constitution ....they grab more power than previous leaders.
The great part is that if this law is somehow upheld, the next Prez will make it a natl emergency to get off fossil fuel. Im psyched.
Marital law is in effect.
...Trump 2020...🇺🇸
Trump should get Nobel Peace Prize!
Awesome president! MAGA!
Man Donald Trump is the man
Orange man good.
#MAGA
Well it is a swell thing that Trump has no real competition in 2020.
Trump knows that no matter what anybody says about him, or his decisions, his private access to the Supreme Court will ensure his success. He could save a lot of time and money if the Supreme Court would just come and tell all of the lower courts to stay out of it, they already made their decision, or have been given their decision. It used to be that justice must not only be done, it must be seen to be done.
I love Trump so much plus he tall and handsome. They should gave him his wall money so he didn't have to do the emergency. Trump the best,the left got what they wanted too. God bless my wonderful president he the best he care about all of us. He has never been racist and he never will all black and hispanis should cross over he making you life better not just illegals like the left baby killer get away from the baby killer they are with satan
Obama depleted our Military stoked racism and gave a plane full of cash to Iran and spent more money than all the Presidents combined  He said he would lower the deficit....guess what he tripled the deficit....that's what happens, when you put someone in office with zero business expierience. OBama won however, as being the worst President ever, replacing Jimmy Carter; however, personally hes seems to be a good guy just no leadership skills.
why don't you use el chapo money in the American banks?
use el chapo money in the American banks...
I hope the Dems suggest to give him El Chapo money and reminding him that American Banks are the real drug dealers.
He basically just told us all exactly why he's declaring a National Emergency, it's because of the 2020 election wow 😅😅😅
BRAVO ,He gets 100% of my Support...
Let’s gather the dragon balls and bring back Abraham Lincoln!!!!!!
That tirade on Rush Limburg was just astonishing.
When a national emergency is declared our constitutional rights are suspended, thanks to George W Bush, and that includes the 2nd amendment
if he can take the military budget once, he will take more to spend it again. the military must coup d'etat trump.
Take a drink every time he says billion... jk that's too much
the military people and the generals won't get their carrier ships repaired... you collided twice with cargo ships.
Not too mention the billions of dollars on China trade tariffs.  Also we just caught a Mexican drug lord with 14 billion dollars.
So this is actually happening right now. I don't know if this is still America, or whether I'm living in a potential da dictatorship.
America will never be great again. This fool don’t realise the money they are giving him is targeting the real trouble spots. This man is a actor not a leader.. Everything he does is a drama. He and his cronies must all go.
Sell the statue of liberty
He's a monster!
he will take money from the military budget which has 67% for salary, housing and food and 33% for ammo supplies.
ha ha ha ha... talks like a thief, walks like a thief. he approved a higher US military budget, now, he's taking it again
Everyone who seriously abused me in my life were White Americans.
Get these slime MS 13 the heck out of here.
Let's get Mitch O'Connell to bring the vote to the house to get them to vote for the green deal.
Mexico is in fact paying for the wall, but not the way you may think.  Now, being one the best presidents, he has made a new trade deal where we are getting billions of dollars.
For all you morons who don’t want a wall. All the money in tax return that went to the aliens here illegally could be in your pocket instead of there’s. Build the dam wall protect our boarders Americans first the rest of the world comes second
Well, he has much more detailed reports than anyone and as He said his number one goal is to protect the USA; I have a tremendous respect for this President and everyone in America knows there are way too many illegals in this country. No one in in large country can enter someone's border undocumented. We will win this battle# Repbublicans create jobs.....libs create legalizing Marijuana
LET THE LAND GRABBING BEGIN!!! ... DEAR TRUMPTARD, EMINENT DOMAIN is coming for your land... Didn't think about THAT, did you???!!! 🚼💩🚽😈🎃🍄😷😄😆😅 EDIT: At least immigrants only walk through your land... CHUMPY THE CLOWN is going to take your land 😂
Ain’t no wall bihh 😂😂😂
And there are monsters 😂😂
Crazy old fart!
trump will take US military's money because Mexico. won't pay for the wall.
Go Trump! We the people who voted for you stand with you!
trump.is taking US military's money to buy Russian steel?
Donald Trump geeks me out.
Horrible, Horrible day for the country !
he could poop gold and give it to ya'll and it would never be enough.  You guys are just so hateful
FAKE NEWS clown news network😝😝😝😝😝😝😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😝
It's hard to care about what he says because everything is a lie but it's even harder to listen to him sniff through his deviated septum from sniffing dope. He 6' 1" and 265 with high blood pressure,  high cholesterol, failing kidneys and a doctor who couldn't care less.  His days are numbered in more ways than one.
Let's count how many times, Trump says Billions in this one short video.
Why he sound like he about to choked 🤦🏽‍♂️
what the hell is a fake question
Obama declared national emergencies 13 times including swine flu, Iran and Flint water crisis
This is so upsetting
He's always talking about the previous..trying to knock Obama..
No matter what Obama was wayy better and loved more than this clown..
the US military should consider the vanity of this man taking your money for your salary and your ammo supplies.
#FakeTrumpEmergency
Looooo... ooooo...ooooo .....sers.
Kim jun un nominated Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize, now I know he is an idiot. Is this the reason that he is in love with Kim?
Fun Fact: CNN has lost 25% of their prime time viewers compared to last year.
Trump is a bigest lier in the world and a  big disaster for USA
I don't care what anyone Say's, if Trump could he would deport all the Black youths of the USA to Africa if he could, they kill more people than illegal immigrants, they deal more Drug's than illegal immigrants, they commit more crimes full stop.
Dotard improv
Once again, Wtf r u talking about?
Mr. Trumpechave tear down this wall.
Very Presidential,,,,,,,,,,,,,NOT
The Only Way to Stop Trump is - The RULE OF LAW
Thank you trump and for being the president finally standing up and doing this. Keep up to good work
MR. TRUMP HAS BECOME A NATIONAL  DISASTER.............
Billyans, and billyans, and billyans....
How much is the wall gonna cost? 1,2,3,4,5,6,7, or 8 billion?
USA USA USA USA USA
I see YouTube is deleting comments they don’t agree with again.
Since 2000, legal immigrants to the United States number approximately 1,000,000 per year, of whom about 600,000 are Change of Status who already are in the U.S. Legal immigrants to the United States now are at their highest level ever, at just over 37,000,000 legal immigrants. The Dept. in the USA was here before Trump came to Office,, thank you very much..
💩💩💩💩💩 4 🧠🧠🧠’s
"Execute Order 66..." That's all I hear."
Wait, if it wasn't an emergency in January of 2017, but it is an emergency now... Then it is definitely an emergency created by poor management of the trump administration.
Sorry but Democrats did not give another route..  now , he will build the wall in the 
Next 6 years left in the White House.
Good for the American people.
The purchase of drug equipment?? 10:27
I can't believe this...all of this
It's about time!
Yes!! Yes!! It’s true! He’s not a good negotiator! Lol. Well, now at least all those poor trash in the non southern states can sleep at night knowing their son can get their lawn mowing job back, lol.
elect a clown, expect a circus..
loco of a president... ha ha ha ha. dead president if he can't pay the loan sharks who invested on him.
he's a mush mouth
What a fool.
Just think, now he’s opened the door for a Democrat to... i don’t know... declare mass shootings a national emergency and causes guns to be dealt with, and republicans won’t have any right to complain if they let this pass.
What part of “a majority don’t want the wall and don’t want you to do this” do you not get? Way to show that you don’t care about what the American people want.
"But we haven't been given the equipment... we haven't been given... the walls"
Give me give me give me. Entitled thought processes much? A leader doesn't receive gifts they receive support.
Pray for America! 😂🤣😂😂
The wall is coming to an America near YOU....LOVE IT..
"I support." - a democrat
build
the
wall
Reporter: Why deficit?
Trump: Look at our military
I have no idea what he said
Trump will not get one dollar of taxpayer money.  Glad he pointed that out because the MSM sure as hell never will.
the narcissistic personality is strong with this one. you weak minded idiots are falling for the main tricks in the dictatorship handbook: the press is the enemy, don’t trust any law enforcement arm that seeks truth and don’t believe statistical fact.
wall for trumptards is winning a political point... but they camouflaged it as the greatest thing a US president must do with an unfinished wall for his 4-year term.
I hope the trash that voted for him are happy
The wall is going to be built by illegal immigrants for way less
🤦‍♂
Thank you trump for setting this precedent.
Most undocumented immigrants do not sneak across the border, a wall will do next to nothing to stop multiple tunnels, most undocumented immigrants simply overstay their visas. 
But now the next Democrat president can declare gun violence a national emergency, because it actually is. They can declare Russia infiltration into the NRA a national emergency, they can declare the KKK and neo nazis a national emergency. . . You know, trumps base.
CNN FAKE NEWS!
Did I miss the background music? Why is Donald chump sing songin his speech?
hi hi hi hi. for corruption, he will use the prerogative of national emergency like stealing venezuelan oil and gold.
🇺🇸WELCOME TO THE 40YEAR+ TRUMP ERA🇺🇸
what drugs is Trump on?
What an arrogant buffoon!!!!!!
Donald Trump's collapsing poll numbers may be bad news for him but are not a "national emergency." The president's manifest unfitness for office and gutless Congressional lackeys who refuse to do anything about it ARE, however.
Gracias now we know we the Mexicans will not pay for the wall
No if you dont have a army u dont have a country
Sniffing his way through his lies again so " A national emergency"  well this is going to put us to the test -  make America great again " with a wall?"  is it that easy? build a wall and your great? Well, North Korea has a great wall we can only hope he didn't get his ideas from North Korea because the wall is there to keep the people in and not out.
CNN and Jim Acosta is fake news!! 
According to the u.s census commission illegal immigrants commit far more crime then u.s born citizens... 
Anyone with a brain can understand this ..sense they don't have documents and can't legally work here.... Many will find other means in order to financially support themselves. 
Even if it means stealing and using fake IDs and social security cards in order to take jobs from Americans. 

Recent case is of a chicken processing plants who got busted hiring illegals... 10 out of the 12 illegal immigrants they busted were using ether fake or stolen IDs and social security cards in order to steal jobs from Americans... 
Which is identity theft and fraud!!. 
These are the crimes they do that go unreported. 

And sense they came here illegally.... They already commited a crime... So not only is it dishonest... But disengeneous for them to say they commit less crime then Americans!!!
Can someone just ask him to explain his "deals" in details with charts and facts backing it here and now for the public without any beating around the bush or drifting off topic? That way we will be able to see how he sees it and see if it works or full of it, the pressure needs to be strong and based on truthful facts and unshakeable questions.
God he just rattles on and on and on about nothing. Why cant you Trump supporters see through this.
What crisis or national emergency.  Border crossing is down at the lowest point since the 70’s.  Drugs are coming in through the ports not southern border and caravans are not getting into the U.S.  what an incredible waste of money and resources just because he’s to dumb or proud to admit he’s wrong.
Fukhead, u make America great again by changing things not by spittting everyone
People are so quick to judge his decision to build that wall without taking into account all the illegals that are already residing in our country illegally and taking jobs away from american citizens when they shouldn't be allowed to and also causing the crime rates to rise as well as federal aid costs rising. Trump wants to put a stop to it all together, its that simple. If you can not enter this country legally then you don't need to be here and shouldn't be allowed to be here. Its also a well known fact that every other country in the world has laws in place to fight against this problem we are facing. Infact in most other countries if you get caught crossing their boarders illegally then you will be treated as a spy and a serious threat to their national security and in most cases you would never be seen or heard from again. Trump is not telling people that they can not come to America he just wants people to do it leagally and be vetted before they can enter this country which they all should be. Take a hint America, he is right in building that wall and should be allowed to do so. It has nothing to do with human rights he just wants our country to be safe which he should be allowed to do as President of The United States
No matter what way this all plays out I guarantee one thing...Trump will declare victory
@9:49 NBC didn't even get to ask his question. smh lol
@ 0:42 "we have so much money we don't know what to do with it"...
Is not a clever thing to say if you want to keep criminals at a distance!
The United States of America is officially in Reverse and as Trump presses his foot on the accelerator today hopefully Pelosi pulls the keys out of the ignition.
Spoiler alert.Pure drivel from start to finish.
Most drugs are come to America by plains or boats and there are under ground tunnels if people want to get in. Is this wall just a trump monument.
The wall is not to stop people from coming in. But to keep Americans locked inside.
Immigrants accounted for more than 30 percent of the federal prison population and nearly all of them are confirmed or suspected illegal immigrants, the government said in a new report Tuesday.
What's the point of building a wall that people can just climb right over? What a massive waste of money.
Going against Constitution and being a Dictator doesnt make America Great Again.
Says hes got given so much money he doesnt know what to do with it, then  next second he says its not so much really. Why cant even his thickoe supporters spot him contradicting himself so quickly ? Its so obvious. Must be cos lot of them are just too scared to admit theyve been so stupid to vote for him.
Let's go trump 2020
The huwall is coming.
Donald Trump is the National Emergency
I keep listening and i hear wha wha wha wha
God bless Trump!!!   Gooo! Trump build that wallllll!
Utterly incoherent once again
Omg does anyone understand this guy. 😱😨😵
The white ethnostate is destiny.
.... meanwhile all the OPERATORS of his PRESIDENCY are either convicted and jailed or being investigated to be jailed. His daughter is under investigation for money laundering and thievery of public money and his son is about to get nailed for conspiring with enemy against country. This WALL thing is just another distraction
White ethnostate is here.
The reporter at the beginning who joked with Trump and seemed nice will now have to come out and tell everyone how he hates Trump or he'll lose his Job. Jk
Hell yea my favorite part was him giving obuma hell for the nobel peace prize.     Hate him or like him,  what comes out of his mouth is dead on.  I happen to live on the border and you would not be able to handle the things I have seen in my backyard.   My neighbor has had to take the life of six people since 1986.  Once during a rape in real time.   We need the wall a hell of a lot more than the democrats need new criminals to vote lets put it that way.
This man is mad, someone do something about him before he destroys the world 🤯
DIVIDE & CONQUER ordered trump  or "R?????" ordered him.???
Can somebody ask the real question which is which buddy of his will build the wall ? How much kick back will be funneled through an Alias company
God Bless President Trump, the First Family and the entire Trump Administration. We've been waiting for a President that actually cared about its constituents. History will be true about his legacy, regardless the current fake media and bias against him.. America is proud and thankful for this great American Commander-in-Chief.
Buy guns now! The next dem president is going to declare an emergency over gun violence. Thanks to this pos!
I hope Dem will stop this
Trump said ZTE got a lot of penalties in a week, right? First, he mentioned the name of ZTE, but he said ‘ZET’ later. I feel confused.
He's a LYING C L O W N  lol
Please put tape over HIS mouth.
Wow he was a mess
There's only one reason why the Democrats didn't want any of this to happen and that's because of 2020 election is going to kill them if he got his way and now that he got his way there.....Dead!!!😘😘😘
Mexico is stronger than America ,they refused to pay the idiot for the wall .
Wait a second. I despise Chain Migration as do most Americans. And Trump lambasted that process. But his own squint-eyed wife used the process to bring her parents into the US. Why no complaints about that?
MAGA
Donald Trump just sealed his fate for President for 2020. Now he has the upper hand during the 2020 election process when he shows how much percentage illegal immigration drug human trafficking and murders along our Southern border has dropped
Idiocracy at its best 😂🤦‍♂️
ask trump for data...he calls them fake news...he cannot prove anything....
Bet that money will be squandered and the deficit is going to continue to rise to unprecedented levels. 
#tanktheeconomy
Can anyone decipher wtf he said in any response ?
A National Emergency should be on white pathology, not brown folk crossing a border. Agent Orange is only a symptom of this stolen lands sickness.
WINNING
Adam Schiff...get rid of this clown now....................or we will
trump should of just hire the Avengers it would of been cheaper..
He always says I won. I. Won. Not WE won (although that would not be the case) He rarely if ever speaks of what he does for or as US. We The People. He uses the words of a dictator. A moronic dictator.
22:15 '"You're CNN. You're fake news!" HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
MAGA
ohhh. we have so much money.. we dont know what to do with it..


PAY CHINAAAAAAA  FIRST. or else they will come for us..


then PAY 1 trillion in students loans and start fresh.. then re design a new healthcare plan for all..


and NO.. do not build a useless wall.
Having this Moron ramble on aimlessly, endangers our country. I think if he wasn't already doing their bidding, I think we would be invaded.
who did crimes with criminals? Paul Manafort: Guilty Michael Cohen: Guilty Michael Flynn: Guilty George Papadopoulos: Guilty Alex van der Zwaan: Guilty Rick Gates: Guilty Richard Pinedo: Guilty
You can see the frustration
Don't forget he thinks USA is done if this wall don't go up 😕
Wow just wow
Trumps a bitchhhh!!
I am pretty sure that the majority of the estimated 20M - 40M illegals did not go through the ports of entry. 
There have been several video documentaries showing illegals walking and hiding in Texas, Arizona and New Mexico.
Surely, they are not over-staying, carrying expired visas, but are Hispanics and now the scary part is that Arabs (probably terrorists) and Chinese (who make meth and fentanyl).
trump is not a president...he is a dictator
Its about time, the Demokkkrat party refuses to see 100s of thousands of illegal aliens invading our country as a emergency because they want open borders so this is exactly what they want. They need illegal aliens casting votes in order to replace the African American voters they are hemridging because the racist side of the Demokkkrat party has been exposed and my African American brothers and sisters are fleeing the Demokkkrat plantation. Don't walk away from the democrat plantation RUN!!!
I understand getting rid of gangs and violence, but getting rid of people? does he even hear himself????
Gee. Where did he get this idea from? The Religious Right who he is hiring has done this for years. Create a situation that will go to the courts hoping that SCOTUS will side with them. Now they have our president doing this on their behalf.
So a year and a day after Parkland. It's the immigrants that are the problem, not the guns?

Okay then, but also a number of crimes commited by illegals who use guns

Think about that
Trump yhu sound VERY BADMIND !

Anyone that has ever been to Jamaica will know what am saying 😂😂
Machine gun the caravans and hang every one who voted for this bill- execute all Obama administration officials by military firing squad
The hole world is laughing at YOU usa?
Dribble dribble dribble Donald stupid🤪🤪🤪🤪
Ann Coulter is off the reservation! This news conference is giving me a headache!
It’s funny how you live in a Democracy, he is the president, you voted for him (not necessarily you), he does what he says he would, he is probably the most powerful man in the world; and yet, he is the stupid one!
This guy told our military leaders that Kim didn't fire a missile. Called it a "hoax". Because "Putin told me".
Hitler; Trump. Same mentality..
win lose win lose win lose win lose win lose win lose win lose win lose. at the end of the day, that’s all it’s about for this cheese puff. and when she “wins”, she’s the only one that benefits from it. americans suffers for the “victories”. she’s got so much money that she doesn’t know what to do with it? how about the TRILLIONS and TRILLIONS of debt that we’re in? declaring an emergency for things she makes up. what happened to that first YUGE wave of caravan that was coming up to our southern border just before the midterms? haven’t heard crap about them after the midterms came and went. she’s built so much wall but can’t provide even a picture of 100 feet of said wall. cheese puff voters have been conned since day 1 when she announced she was running. you people who say this wasn’t the cheese puff you voted for and that she was different during the campaign are full of crap. this is the same cheese puff that she’s always been. ain’t nothing’s changed about her.
God bless you, President Trump
Wake up libtards, the President has spoken. We need a safe country and we will have the wall with or without the Demonrats!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"3 hours" of blowing hot air is all that's required to intrigue this clown. He's clearly as simple as his supporters 🤣
‘YOU’ sir, are a national as well as international emergency!
I DECLARE BANKRUPSY!
Look, full disclosure, ive been smoking some weed, but i feel i still make more sense than trump in that speech. What was that?
Please, take this liar down.
communism?
Ha ha, Trump rocks
What a rude man! And to think that he is the president of our wonderful country!
National Emergency for Border Wall!?!?  Where is a $$$ for the wall coming out of?   US is in $Trillion Budget Deficit now.  

It is a clear evidence that Trump is running the show, in order to avoid/delay Muller Investigation Prosecution.  How many days will Trump be able to run the show with Border Wall, National Emergency, Government Shut Down, etc before orange jump suit? 

At least Nixon was pardoned by President Ford.  I doubt next US President would grant Trump a pardon.  The opposite will be happening....to push Trump into the PRISON.
Wait a minute here. Step up? Didn't he say (smugly, confidently)to his cheering Trumpstains on the campaign trail that Mexico will pay for the wall? How much will all of this, going to court etc etc for the wall cost the tax payers in the end? Man. Mexico is going to owe the US a lot of dough.!
Next National Emergency will be if it rains on Trump’s golf day.
You could've study Politics in the 80s or 90s when you said you wanted to run for POTUS
I live in Illinois and I do not give a rats ass about the wall. I want to know when someone is going to bring down drug prices.
He likes ABC a little more than NBC. Haha.
Oh good trump can get his re-election trophy to display to his followers so he can stay in office and destroy this country more.  Cant wait.
CNN is FAKE NEWS
If you have soo much money why is the government taking soo much from is tax payers??i am only getting 1 dollar back..
I thought Mexico was paying for it? Amazing negotiator
This kind of arrogant stupidity must have been prevalent during the rise and fall of the third  reich. That would be nazis germany. History repeats itself because we go along with idiots like trump. He doesn't even have majority support of his countrymen and yet here he is, ramming his lies up america's ass. America better like getting buggered 'cause they're getting it now and it'll get worse.
Make America Sane Again
Impeach Trump.
He's a great tactician
Trump says, I dont really need to build the wall now, but I just want to get it done quickly. Well, isn't he just undercutting his claim that it's an emergency, lol.
trump really needs that $$$ owes puttin 4 the emails he asked 4 remember
Very simple slogan, MEXICO will pay for the wall     he is now delusional he simple forgets
Get ready for American Psycho 3!
When Trump pushes back when Trump acts like a little kid when he tells reporters to shut up sit down hurry up he's a little kid he can't even be the grown man what she supposed to be he can't be the leader what she supposed to be commander and chief he can't let someone finish their words of what they want to say to understand fully what they're trying to ask he just interrupts and go straight to a different subject and says what about this what about that he's the greatest manipulator not dealmaker manipulator there's a differencehe has gotten so many Republicans tied around his pinky it's ridiculous and sad because they know most likely that he is wrong they know that he is making a bad choice but they're standing and supporting him because they don't want to look like an idiot sorry to tell you all too late
Comrade Crazypants ' last ditch "YUGE" money grab before the truth hits the fan.
The Art of the Deal? Yeah, I don't think waiting two years to declare an emergency the SAME day you sign a bill conceding to LESS money is gonna work.
And everybody swore up and down that he was going to get $1
This is basically his statute before he leave
Still talking to that mouse in his pocket
GO SHOW FATDUMBO WHO'S BOSS, NANCY!!!!
trump is a liar as he speaks...
Trump, Stop it...get some help..
Sets a nice precedent.... anytime a President can't get legislation he can declare a national emergency,  write an executive order.... the Imperial President....
‪Trump to Base-This morning I told outrageous lies to the Americans to justify Declaring a National Emergency. I have come up with so many lies I think I will contact the Guinness people because I think it’s a world record. I could hardly spit them out fast enough. Genius.‬
The press corp (well, except Fox, they are beyond help) is going to have to spend about a month in a Trumperbaric chamber to get used to having an acual sane human in the White House after 4 years of this walking freak show.
YEEYEE we made it boys! Let’s get it! Build the damn wall!
This should have been declared 25 years ago when millions flooded our southern border per year.  The corporate elite couldn't resist cheap slave labor and thus why it has gone on for so long.  We as Americans have the right to know who is entering our country.  My own family went through Ellis Island where they were mandated to have paper work and often times were quarentined.  Since when is that racist?  It blows my mind how far we as a nation have devolved.  I even hear the kids from academia preaching marxism!  The very same belief that killed 100 million people in the 20th century alone.  Unreal.
The way he talks is very odd, his vocabulary is very limited with incoherent speech. Possibly signs of cognitive decline associated with Alzheimer's/Dementia
I didn't have to do this ? Really ? I taught it was an emergency 🤔
They elected Trump because he was suppose to be the great negotiator fixer.  LMAO!!!   Here’s more like a wedge.  Mr. Wedgy.
the longer I listen to him speak.. the more brain cells I lose.
God bless President Trump
This guy is absolutely ridiculous
Why can’t he listen to the entire question before he gives his weird off the wall answer.
Here we go again. Comment section overreacting as usual with every word or action he says or does.
Hitler self-sabotaged himself during the war and Trump is following in his footsteps.
I wonder..is there, like some silver windup key in 45's back, where someone walks him to the podium... stands behind him, cranks this key...turns it, and he starts spewing the same folderol bull-hockey from LAST time.."a really big wall needed for a safe America...yada yada...drugs pouring across the border....yada..trafficking...duct tape on their mouths...Democrats and Obama did this...yada..yada"
he does not care if it passed or not...he just wants to say he tried...but he lied...mexico did not pay...neither will we...say...our country is still here with no wall...and most
all comes from ports of entry...I know...believe me...I know...trump does not....he is a stupid white shit...
Oh hes such an annoying child! Get this buffoon out already!
Maby Stop giving 12 billion to isreal each year and maby we can afford a wall?
This video is proof that donald trump is crazy AF. How in the hell was Barack Obama going to start a war with North Korea when he never started a war with North Korea?
CNN the agenda network 😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆!!!!!
Trump starts off by saying past of administrations "they didn't build, they didnt do what they should have done". Then who built the existing fencing(walls)? The ancient civilizations, I guess. The Aztec or Navaho?
I didnt need to do this but I WANTED to do it faster....That'll be used against him in court. The guy is soooo stupid!

He has diarrhea of the mouth.
5:33 "I am prepared; I'm always prepared." ATTA BOY!!!
“I didn’t need to do this.”  Then it’s NOT an emergency!!!
0:01 "we wanna have...*gurglegag* "
He would be out on his arse in 5 minutes in a true democracy!
way to go great prez👍👍
Is there really a crowd watching this?
Here ‘ban’ is a pun?
😂 it’s funny when trump gets risky questions
More ramblings of a fruitcake - unfuxkingbelieveable🤪🤪🤪🤪
Martial law
Militarized the police I see for what? Is there a civil unrest that’s coming
Taxes taxes taxes taxes taxes
What is he rambling about, that's why McConnell went with the National Emergency farce, he know that Trump will not be around to complete a wall. But Mitch has got to know that his days are numbered. We have a delusional President. I think this is payback to the people that hated Obama.
This is disgusting
Donnie, eat a Big Mac and go back to bed.
How childish  for a so called leader of the USA 🤪🤪🤪🤪
National Doomsday just happened!
He definitely  has a dry mouth.
this is good. the next democratic president will declare guns a national emergency and ban them completely. thanks trump!
Why dont journalist press him when he lies or spews misinformation instead of jumping from question to question.
democraps: cry more
Watching Trump is like watching an incoherent, half-drunk uncle trying to explain how to build a house. I can almost guarantee that almost no military leader told him the wall is needed.
I've worked as a Historian and taught political science on and off for four decades. This was EASILY the most incoherent, disjointed rant that I have heard from ANY head of state from ANY nation. The last hour was at least as bad or worse than what he said here. He is GONE.
He is a scammer and a thief... he's gonna take the money and we'll never know what it's used for... I feel like he's paying back the billions he owes cus in the 90 I believe he said he was billions in the hole on Roseanne's talk show...  we will not live in a democracy soon... now I'm also starting to think it was something with the presidential emergency alerts we all were receiving to our phones... and before that Hawaii had an  emergency alert saying there was a inbound missile coming their way to take cover... something isn't right and when the s*** hits the fan it won't be good...
His wife says be best. Stop bullying lol lol  like Donald the FREE PRESS.
FEAR. 4. Your Life's. !!!   ☠️☠️☠️ ILEGAL CRINMALS 🚩🚩🚩.  
Your Children. Are ☠️☠️☠️.
You all can hate Trump all you want, all that baffles me is that many of you think he worse than the Democrats...... Both parties are just toying with you, wake up!
For all the comments and haters below,I have news for you : WE BUILD THE US BORDER WALL,NOT TRUMP WALL.
Nobody talks about those folks who lost families and friends to gun violence.
The US is currently more corrupt according to the corruption perceptions index. This just exemplifies an abuse of power
Mexico is paying for the wall.  Believe me.
never use the word "should"
This man is insane
The man is addicted to creating arguments against his re-election.
Hitler + Nixon = Trump 

Trump is our country's emergency; he is the causation for our country's darkness.  His broken soul & mind has created a nationwide crisis. He abuses power like he has abused and used others to pay the price for his immoral business dealings & actions.  ABUSER! TAKER! USER!
Ohhh. CNN.... Y'all cause this man to win. We vote for him to spite you. You caused this. Go Trump!
Where is John Booth when you need him
CNN suxs!
TRUMP 2020!
i’m sorry but what is this guy on about? 

I really don’t hope there was a speech writer behind this..... more to the point, why was there no speech writer for this!
MAGA
