Woot shout out to my favorite food vlogger Mikey Chen!
I'm calling you out Casey.  Lemme' cook you a burger brother!  I'm going to be recreating each one of these masterpieces for my channel.  Outstanding episode guys!
Whoever was in charge of the animation is ON POINT
MIKEY CHEN IS THE BEST FOOD VLOGGER #STRICTLYDUMPLING ❤️😍
I'm just glad that Casey watches Mikey Chen from Strictly dumpling.😁
Day 3 of asking First we Feast to get Gloria borger on the burger show.
Honestly not a big fan of Alvin as a host. Put that one Burger geek on instead, way more personality.
I REALLY disagree that Youtube is demoratic. Everything have to be to youtubes liking. They close down accounts without telling the youtuber why they closed them down.
That dudes nose is about as big as Alvin’s artery blockage
Mike Chen for the next burger show!!



MAKE IT HAPPEN GUYS!!
My boy Mikey Chen made it into The Burger Show
I'm not high, actually I'm at work, but my mouth waters like sh*t rn. Damn, I'm so hungry. haha
Man, Alvin's gonna be a shoe in for the next season of My 600lbs Life
That's dope that Mikey Chen got that dope shout out. :-)

Respect.
Listen i like Alvin but there are only so many shows u can do about burgers.
Now that he's been mentioned by Casey, I'd love to see @strictlydumpling / @mikeychenx do Hot Ones or just guest in the Burger Show.
This guy looks like someone left Joaquin Phoenix in a car on a 100 degree day and he melted.
First we feast is slowly killing this man
as far as cheese, bacon and avocado go, i only like one or maybe two of the three at most on a single burger, otherwise it gets way too unbalanced and just like an fatty mess.
Ooo Yum, can't wait to wrap my lips around the French Dick Lips, "It just keeps Cummin"
snort That avocado flashback was hilarious.
Why was he wearing that novelty glasses/nose combo the whole video?
Kinda blew my mind to see Mike Chen get a shout-out. Didn’t see that coming at all.

Also, holy shit let me at those burgers, they look like miracles between buns.
Sooooooo, Whens season 4 comin?
It’s ok guys you can just say pickles you don’t gotta say pickled cucumbers
This literally looks like the ultimate enjoyment food

I’m super jealous
Hey man no disses or anything, but I'm getting really concerned for Alvin's health, and I'm hoping he can try and improve.
when food places name themselves rustic like "food from literal dumpster" ect
"I'm a burger traditionalist"
also
"It's my favorite because I've never tasted anything like it"
Rem: I love you Subaru-kun
Subaru: Sorry Rem, but I love Emilia Burger
YOOO i love strictly dumpling! Mike Chen is awesome 7-11's in Asia are far different & far superior to the ones in the west.
Buddy's got anime sunglasses. 
Such crisp reflections.
4:24
Eats burger created by Asian guy
"You kind of have to open your eyes a little bit..."
effin awesome. seriously amazing. Great work boys
Alvin, please try to get healthier. I love this show but it's really hard watching you eat! I said it! I'm sorry but I care!
I was so glad you mentioned Strictly Dumpling, I love his channel 


at some point, my diet will consist of no actual food and just watching Stevefrom1989 and Strictly Dumpling
OMG I FANBOY-ED SO HARD WHEN I HEARD MASSIMO BOTTURA. HIS CHEF'S TABLE EPISODE IS GOLDEN
You need to hit Wes Burger in San Francisco. Legendary.
Casey lowkey be looking like Falco on the Thumbnail 🧐
I like the show but I always have the feeling the presenter will keel over from a heart attack during.
"Sam Losco and Phil Collins Taste-Test Limited Edition Burgers from Shake Shack"
Ahh, Strictly Dumpling mentioned! Mikey Chen has to guest on this channel someday!
Mark has always been and shall remain my favorite person. Ever
wait do they own shake shack i'm confused
6:09 balsamic mayo is something I need to try
I feel like Alvin is cool but doesn’t always have chemistry with whoever he’s with. These guys did well together, they should team up or something. Great chemistry 🧪
@mikeychen guess you're the 7-11 guy hahah
I'm a huge fan of burgers, I'm a fan of Casey. DIS GON BE GOOD! :>
Edit: AND IT WAS! I'm surprised Casey and Alvin had such good chemistry! Should do more vids :>
Alvin is 100 percent not going to make it to 40 unless he changes his life around, really hope he sorts himself out
Now SS calloborated with top michelin ⭐️ chef BRAVO 👏
„We had the burgermeister of shake shack...“  
As a german that was funny as hell!
My man Strictly Dumpling got a shoutout, hell yeah
"Sean did my boy dirty"
Sean: does the same thing with every episode. Also says "you dont have to"
5:10 are they really going to do my boy pewdiepie like that and edit his name out?
Yo Put Georgy boy on for host of the next season and put Alvin on a diet.
I love both these dudes....great video....i eat shake shack burgers plain with cheese...so i can just imagine with different sauces and vegetables..😍Ⓜ✖💯➕with a cold 🍺😍
Wait are their googly eyes on the ...what are those?... French fry’s begins you? 
Also great vid, I’m always envious of the awesome stuff you guys eat :)
the roadside double is truly a masterpiece imo. I lived off them for a while living in hollywood when shake shack opened
First We Feast, Alvin, everybody - KEEP THIS SHOW GOING PLEASE! WE LOVE BURGERS! :D
editing on this episode was on point
Ayeee quick plug to Anthony Fantano in here, I see
Cool that you got Stephen Baldwin from The Usual Suspects to make burgers for you
i loved burger so much  there heave when in have a great burger
enjoy watch you cook burgers
woah! they got Eustace from Courage The Cowardly Dog on the show?!?!?!?
My fav show on YouTube at the moment. Makes me so damn hungry every time!!! Well played!
How do you guys not know about Strictly Dumpling? I'm surprised he wasn't invited to go on Hot Ones. Smh
Mikey Chen on strictly dumpling is my favorite channel! So cool that Casey watches it
is this actually the season finale?!? because holy hell you guys need to make these seasons longer! this is something i always look forward to watching. not to mention this makes me want to start making my own burgers.
I think you guys should do a burger making tips or burger myth busting type thing in between the guest episodes because i just want to learn everything i can about burgers now.
Grilled onions NEVER belong on ANY burger - a raw sweet onion slaw YES !  WTF r u thinkin !! ?
Mikey Chen in the house!!!
Why did Alvin show up in an ad before this
Oh my word how sweet is Alvin and why am I just finding him now!!?? YAY Mikey Chen shout out!!
Man, overall season 3 was weak! Good ending with Casey though.
Congrats on the “Miserere Mei Deus”
They had showed a moment of the restaurant apple pan. I HAVE SEEN THST FROM JABLINSKI GAMES
You know you're trying to sound fancy when you call Pickles "Pickled Cucumbers"
I always knew of Mike Chen from BeyondScience 😂 that’s crazy.
Shout out @strictlydumpling
i actually got a add for this guy making a burger before the video started xD
i want to make background music for your channel if that's okay?
Those buns look godly I never realized it but they’re buns look perfect
Shout out to my feet for helping me walk!
@MikeyChen getting a shout out!!
Acknowledges that PewDiePie is still the biggest YouTuber, bless you Casey
Glad I'm looking at this right before lunch
STRICKLY DUMPLING
Ive watched every the burger show and it's just a miss. Pizza show was more interesting and not to insult the guy but the host is lack luster, cool guests, cool burgers, but I can't get on board
Can't wait for Shake Shack to come to the Netherlands, loved getting a burger there whene we where in NY
Alvin really needs to get his health in check. His skin looks like split cream
Come back Burger Show
We don't have a Shake Shack in Northern California.  But I have eaten Shake Shack in LA and in South Beach.  In N Out is still magic.  Shake Shack is good.  A double double is magical and can't be replicated from a flavor perspective.
Ryan Dunn as a executive creative director lol 12:07
Ayy the boy Mikey Chen was featured!
Everytime I watch an episode i want a burger so bad! 🍔😁🍔
I found the use of the psalm 50 in the beginning of the episode completely tasteless (plus, it's a penitential psalm, didn't really make sense in the context)
Now i want some shake shack🤦🏽‍♂️😂
To do list: 1) get internet famous 2) go on the burger show 3) eat amazing shake shack burgers
His nose with those glasses look like that prop nose glasses people used to wear lol
That Roadside burger looks uh-may-zing...
Starting commercial: gordon ramsey. 
Anyone remember when he despised being called a "tv chef", well glad he made it to be a youtube chef 😂 (love the guy, just saying :p )
The editing was great !! And wow great burgers!!
Aren't pickled cucumbers just pickles?
Dimly lit room.... "lemme throw on my sunglasses " 🤦‍♂️
You guys gotta do Katsu Burger :D
Ah back in the days when the most subbed YouTube Channel was 83 mil... HA
“Fish skin”....... city slicker holy cow
5:11 "EIGHTY three million"
Excuse me, what?
Me: Adds cheese to burger patty
Everyone : OK then
3 Michelin star cheff: Adds cheese to burger patty
Everyone : holy shit this is a revolution in flavour and culinary culture
I love this show, but does it bother anyone else how agreeable Alvin always is to his guests? it seems like he is just constantly bending his will to agree with everyone and it reads as dishonest after awhile.
The first burger was literally a regular burger with miso added to the shack sauce lol....just cuz u display the pickles like that doesnt make it special
Damn Mikey got hella love from Casey!!!
I need a Mikey x Casey video!!!
I try. I swear. but i cant see this video without slowly dying because I'm starving.
i saw strictly dumpling <3
The person you are talking about. Does the 7-Eleven stuff is one of my favorite YouTubers to watch and then she do have permission to eat in the 7-Elevens they have a sit-down area then go get you food you pay for it and they have everything you need to prepare the food so you can sit down and eat it there or you can take your food home you should hit him up and do a video with them I think it'd be a pretty great one
Five Guys has the best hamburgers, IMO.
Strictly dumpling!!! Woooo!!!
I’m so high that burger opera animation made me cry laughing 😂 thank you editors
That Burger Shack guy sounds like the guy from Extreme Makeover Home Edition
Hold up! This is the finale? I thought the season just started....🤔
And knowing is half the battle. hhmmpp..
Outro song:  Chronillogical - That Flavour
9:35 thoo 😂😂😂😂👌👌
lets get Andrew Yang on the show!
can we see Sean on this show? Not as the host, obviously
idk much about this guy but he kind of look like Ray Orbison....
Robert Englund and Quentin Tarantino had a child!
We need more Burger Show!!!
Roadside double was the saltiest burger I’ve ever had. I wanted to like it. But, it was a salt bomb both times I tried it. And for the price... I’ll stick to in n out
Which limited-edition Shake Shack burger would you wanna see on the menu permanently?
1990 burger gourmet: "Do not, under ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, squeeze the burger AT ALL while it is cooking!"  2019 burger gourmet: "You gotta' smash the hell out of that burger!"
December of 2017 really!!! That was the last time we saw him. Where the hell is Chili Clause?????
Yo, so there's a shake shack 45 minutes down the road from me, never been, anyone have suggestions for what to get? What's good and classic?
I want to love Shake Shack so bad, but the three times I have had it I've spent upwards of $15 per person. I can't help but think that if I was at In N Out I'd have a shake, an animal fry, and a double-double for that price. In N Out for the win.
I would definitely devour these burgers!
Arent pickled cucumbers just.... pickles?
The day he stops making vids will be best day of my life!
This is the Season Finale? Wtf? The season just started. This is only episode 6! 😖
HA ha Love the boxing gloves Now Im hungry.
Alvin looks veeery unhealty man, if he doesn't change something he might be gone too soon.
OMG WE GOTTA GET MIKE FROM STRICTLY DUMPLINGS TO COLLAB WITH CASEY
It ain't nothing on in and out burgers #facts I love Fuddruckers for a reason tho
STRICTLY  DUMPLING!!!  🤣🤣🤣🤣🥰
Love that Fight Club beat slipped in there :-D
The editor didn’t have to do him like that with the avocado flashback
Every time I watch The Burger Show I immediately want a burger or two
you know it's gonna be good if it's cooked by a thicc chef
My favorite burger was the one that was concerned about Alvin's health
Sean making a Cameo in the intro scene on the right!
"YouTube videos, and shake shack"... I'm sorry, what?
Mikey Chen!!! The shout out!!! love you, dude.
bro casey was such a good guest on this show and always knows to keep it real, respect
I think it would've been more interesting to see the Burger Scholar test these than some vlogger.
Ive literally never hear Casey talk about shake shack, he always talks about the shitty $1 new york pizza😂
Awesome guys! Can't wait to try Shake Shack when it opens here in Utah this summer. Will definitely be doing a review on my channel! Thanks again!
The Beards Opinion!
WHOS THIS MUSTARD LORD NEXT TO ALVIN?
So glad Casey gave a shout-out to Mike. He's my no. 1 food vlogger out there, his food reviews are just so tempting!
Smoked with burgers with some dank..yum
He shouted out Mike from Strictly Dumpling! (‘:
daaaaamn that editor snap back, it came so fast i think it went over everyone's head. ~10:00
HOLY SHIT I HAD BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!
I keep waiting for Neirstat's chin to merge with his nose and he loses the ability to talk and just makes Beaker (from the Muppets) noises for the rest of his vlogging career.
So, hang on, that first burger from Japan, it had "pickled cucumbers" on it... am I missing something here? Couldn't you just say "pickles"? This is bothering me way more than it should.
i like that casey doesn't pretend he knows a lot about food, he's just honest and candid about his knowledge
THIS was the season finale? Disappointing on so many levels.
Wtf is going on its saying the new ScarJo vid isn't available...
Jmac on first we feast
Just f-ing dope.. Real
i was just imagining a shokugeki no soma as they described the food and wats in it
Wait was PewDiePie's name edited   out there? 😂
Shake shack is LIFE 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
The only problem with Shake Shack is the wait and seating. The food is great, but the lines and atmosphere totally make it an unpleasurable experience every time.
I really need you guy's to hook me up with a recipe for the ultimate dairy free burger
Perfect end to a perfect series can't wait for the next one
Thank you both. Amazing video!👊💙🍔
Damn, the season is over already. Was a great watch. Can't wait for next seasons!
strictly dumpling shoutout!!!
Mike Chen is the man!
I have never heard of this random dude.
SEASON FINALE!!! WTH!!!! I NEED MORE!!!!
Bro, I was having a nice espresso with a raspberry and chocolate cheesecake (my favorite combo) but now I'm going to get a burger just because I watched this, cya!
"An Italian Opera in an effing burger!"
Yay @strictlydumpling
Love the Strictly Dumpling plug lol
Thought the season finale guest was a bit underwhelming 😅
Is that the green goblin?
Down with Alvin 
Bring Motz on full time.
They should get Rhett and Link on.
you say limited edition, I say hunger marketing.
Love the shout out to Mike's channel. 💕
Aren’t pickled cucumbers just... pickles?
Yo i love you and all but you really need to check on your health man
casey neistat proves time and time again that you can have a face that only your mother can love, and still make it big on the youtube platform. that takes skill man
you didn´t put avacado on everything? do you even put avacado on anything XDXDXDXD
Lil Yachty is missing out
Love strictly dumpling
This better be a quicker turnaround than last season. I need this show.
who?
IDK, but that guy is disturbingly unattractive.
This was a great season finale episode. Alvin and Casey had great chemistry. The conversation was great, and the burgers are always fantastic. Can't wait for next season!
Caveman joins the lobby
More collabs like this for next season would he bangers
This is a dream come true! Need to go to shake shack now
That feel when you love the burger show and strictly dumpling!!
In Japan they allow you to eat inside the store because he can’t eat while walking it’s super rude
Shake shack tastes great but is extremely overpriced. In n out is wayyy better in terms of flavor and is half the price lol
Mikey getting a well deserved shoutout!!!
i wish shake shack existed in the Uk outside london
“Pickled cucumbers 🤔”
The guy that runs the Strictly Dumpling channel, Mike Chen, went to the same rural university in Missouri as me :)
Shout out to Strictly Dumpling!
the host eats 10 of these hamburgers every day lmao
Solid drunk sounding intro
"Youtube Juggernaut"
I aspire to achieve a title of that magnitude
Both seem like really nice dudes :)
Wow, a genuine Neanderthal specimen.
not cool you can't just claim political motives on food
Calling a burger "limited edition" is pointless, unless it contains scarcely sourceable ingredients...
Mikey Chen is a badass! Get him on here ASAP!
I'm so disappointed that he doesn't have nice tats.
Anyone know what song is used in their outro?
Must be weird eating a burger when you're used to mammoth and pterodactyl meat
Pickled cucumbers.....? Aren’t those just called pickles ??
strictly dumplings also have channel about interesting facts
the emilia looks insane, really good idea guys
Love this episode! Casey had his spicy shirt on also! "Money talks bullshit walks" LOL!
I drooled on my shirt for you!
I would murder someone for any one of those burgers.
Wow! Mikey Chen ... Favourite food vlogger.
All my faves in one video. I am so happy right now.
Why does he wear shade indoors in most of his videos? 🤔
<i>Poop</i>
Action and Alvin need to get healthy....I really worry about them.
The Boxing gloves caught me off guard lol
Shout out to Mike Chen!!
In Japan's 7-11 you are allow to eat inside the shop. There's seats for you to eat there. And not just 7-11 but all the convenience store there have places for you to eat.
8:20 "I don't think he has permission...." In East Asia its not uncommon to have small designated eating areas in the convenient stores. Just a little note.
1:39 First time seeing an In-N-Out burger that didn't look like an In-N-Out burger...those look like they've been out a couple days 😂😂
Cromagnon Neistat = Thumbs Down!
You should get this host off, you're just encouraging his unhealthy behaviours, dude will be dead in 10 years.
casey neistat looks like you hit the randomizer option on the skyrim character creator. Great dude tho
Diametrically opposed nasal shapes colliding
Sick lookin burgerr!!!. now im hungry:(
Thank god he brought his sunglasses to wear INSIDE!!?
Lol😂😂😂😂👌
Pickled cucumbers are just pickles....
The burger show has grown and only gotten better! Keep it up guys
528 vegans disliked the video.
10:11 I'm going to pretend you didn't say that 🙁
I love that Casey watches Mikes videos
amazingly delish lookin
When he describes fine dining restaurants lol
The "Burger Meister" of Shake Shack lol. Bürgermeister literally means Mayor in German ^^
He seriously needs to look out for his health. Next episode should be a workout and an avocado salad
Alvin is turning into a chipmunk, get your health in order before eating all this calorie rich food brutha 👆
didn't like the youtube conversation. but the episode was great as always.
First we feast shows always have the best discussions
In-N-Out burgers are dryer than a popcorn fart, Casey. How could you enjoy such a thing?
Aren't pickled cucumbers...just pickles?
Damit. Im hungry now.
CaseyNeistat swearing just doesn't feel right to me. I'm so used to him editing when he swears LOL.
Am I the only one who remembers Tyler the creator having an episode on hot ones? 🤨
Caveman enjoys burgers.
When the editor calls him out on the avacado on the burger 😂
:( not this guy again
Somebody tell me why this burger had dreads 😂 0:12
I saw the opera singing burger, I dropped a like.
This guy is a cia agent
Thrown under the bus with the avocados
Lmao! Another great episode. But for real though, F* LA burgers!
Ned From Spider-Man Homecoming Is That You?
Im sure alvin ordered 2 more burgers after finishing all 3
Really the caveman common man you could get way better youtubers on here.
Den is #3 now 😉 just setting that straight for everyone...that...cares...#TheEmulsion
Shoot out to Dr Nefario on a burger show.
Tony Ferguson is the type of guy to kick fastballs at batting practice
Hypebeasts + Hamburgers  = HypeBeefs!
Alvin “5 Pounds a Week” Gumbroni
Ehh they shouted out Mikey
I love Mikey and his strictly dumpling channel.
Buzzfeed: Defrosted caveman tries modern day food, you wont believe number 5!
2:35 when Father brings home mammoth
Keep it simple. Keep it classy.
Shake shack doesn’t exist here in Connecticut sadly, as far as I know

Here in Connecticut Five Guys are the king of the game they’re investing here same for chum fil a but they started way back.
Mike Chen! Nice shoutout
Shout out Mikey Chen Strictly Dumpling.  Love his stuff!
does alvin do any other cooking shows? Really enjoy him as a host
I LOVE GODFATHER AND CASEY"S
pickled cucumbers are just pickles ..
He does more than foreign 7/11 trips lol.
Hey logic said to come do hot one wings before i can talk crap so can i be invited to the show so after i can talk crap to logic and love the show to btw
10:20 why you gotta do him like that?😂
The fact chef said : pickled cucumbers angers me just say pickles....
The Emilia burger one looks so delicious! I wish i had one now🍔
In case anyone is interested, the choral music as they are entering the kitchen is called "Miserere" by Gregorio Allegri.


It's famous in part because of the super high notes that we didn't get to hear in this snippet. I highly recommend you look it up! According to tradition, Mozart (who lived ~150 years after Allegri) heard this piece performed ONE TIME in the papal chapel, and went home and wrote the whole thing down from memory. Pretty incredible!
Finnaly someone who gives a good review unlike some people who just say "oh u got the ketchup u got the grilled burger soft bun, thats killer"
Burgers are a democratic food... what does that mean?
Not pictured: deep vein thrombosis burger
I need that first burger.
The green Chile cheeseburger doesn't get the recognition it deserves, and I hope next season you give it said recognition.
Not out in that area, but damn I'm missing out.
Them burgers look GOOD
Casey bro 4:19 that was really simple
I subscribed to Casey when he had like 75k subs... he is everywhere now <3
my dude got roasted on the freesh avokadoo's
DON'T TELL A MEXICAN NOT TO PUT AVOCADOS IN EVERYTHING
Alvin has gone full snob
Half John Frusciante, half Redd Foxx.
G Ramsay : Please edit this video

Editor : Why ?

G Ramsay : The footage is RAWWW
Anyone else watched this in McDonald's drive-thru?
Gdamn Alvin... Lose some weight bro, we can hear you gasping on this upload...
Always talking about shake shack, in and out, and whataburger, but have you had the wonderfulness of Highway 55. Hands down the best burger ever. I'll put Highway against anyone.
Omg my salivary glands
Why did they edit our lord and saviors name out of the video? 5:10
K-POP!!
That Segway is putting in work
Isn't that Yukihira Souma?
Yall need to go to Crusade Burger Bar in Yorkville Illinois. You won't be disappointed.
The collab we didn't know we needed till now
I love how a big name like Casey can go on another channel, say he really likes another channel, but then not know Mikey's name, the name of his channel, and explained it like it was some obscure channel based only in Asia and going to stores to try food. Especially when a more accurate representation is just to say he's a food vlogger, because he does so much more than just crazy gas station food.

How many videos of Sticktly Dumplings has Casey truly watched?
The host looks like "Jimmy Kimmel"
Mikey Chennnn!!!!
Favorite one by far!
Scarlett Johansson is unavailable 😭
Get Alvin on Hot Ones!!!!! It would be double promotion!!!
This show makes me so hungry at work!
I was eating while watching this, and somehow I was hungrier after.
Ok you know you don't represent Cali right?
Strictly Dumpling squad where you at?
I would become famous just for this
Mike Chen on the shout out! I love strictly dumplings content! The videos where he goes the convenient stores and McDonalds in other countries are really interesting.
I thought Casey was talking about ericsurf6
isn’t a pickled cucumber just a pickle?
Pewdiepie for Hot Ones and Gloria Borger for the Burger Show
Dudes full facial fat acne is killing the whole vibe 😓
Love the guacamole call out.
First We feast picks their presenters well man, this dude is interesting and he knows his shit. Same as Shaun Evans.
wow this made my mouth watering
I always wondered what prehistoric people ate
mikey chen!!
Squarespace is just around the corner!
Nice! These episodes just keep getting better and better...
See you on the internet!
Season Finale already?! Please let there be more seasons!
why do people love saying avocado don't belong on everything. isn't that obvious?
neanderthal and lard
eat burgers
I bet you can’t do a “LuciferSweat” shot that’s made using a generous splash of DaBomb sauce.
One shot of each Jack,Jim, Jäger Meister, and grenadine to make it bright red leave it unshaken with 13 squirts of Tabasco original for the original recipe which has been described ucifers tas licking the sweat off of The taint of Satan.
My record was lining up 9 then making it home safely.
That is the reasoning behind my email addy FYI.
Thanks to you, my family and I now have a new favorite burger! The smash burger!! Omg yum!
When even Casey noticed Mikey chen’s work. Man Mikey made it! Hope they will do a collab!
Shake Shack will always be the most delicious food in the world.
I'd like to know the recipe of the Massimo Bottura burger. Those two cream in particular!
el goblino...
Swear I saw the sneak peek to this a little while ago...so this is what it was for
This show needs a new host and I would watch it
These burgers made order rn
4:24 alright man we will try to open our eyes more 😂
That opening though😎😎
There's no person whose popularity confuses me more than Casey Neistat.
Dude, you need Gordon in this show
Why not!? AVOCADO
Who’s here from Ballistic BBQ???
Really wish they didn't bring politics into it in the middle but great vid otherwise
Mikey Chen and Strictly Dumpling is AWESOME!
Gutted it's the end of the series. Gutted.
Please tell us there’s a season 4 coming
You know this was filmed awhile ago when Casey says the most subscribed to channel has 83 million subs...
Caveman eat cooked beef for the 1st time
Can we have pewdiepie on your next hot ones video?
did someone find it weird they walked down together and then did the handshake and said it was nice to meet you?
No cheese on a burger is a CRIME!! Straight up
STRICTLY DUMPLING STANS WHERE YOU AT?
my guy bigger than my future
I respect the grind but how anyone can see Neistat as anything more than a shifty ethically challenged shill is beyond me.
watching casey eating the burger through his glasses was a whole another experience
imo shake shack is wrecking in and out in the PR game in and out has to step it up
this dude gona die from heart atk..................100% info
PLEASE DO BEAR GRYLLS ON HOT ONES NEXT
Yo shout out my boy Mike Chen 👍
Let this not distract you from the fact Casey Neistat once said, “Ooga Booga”
Love for the show.  That is all.
Just loving the shake shack guy!
LOL, Strictly Dumpling XD I love those 7/11 and Lawson videos.
casey tries so hard to be young and hip.
Shake shake Is such a hype job
MIKEY MOTHERFUCKING CHEN
What's not cool about the Last Dab XD
I can smell those burgers. DAMN!!!!
Please do a segment with Mikey/Strictly Dumpling 🙂
I'm with Casey tbh, that first burger looked fire af
This looked great
The hosts vernacular and metaphors are phenomenal
This dude smells his own breath anytime he talks.
Alvin lookin' like he's on the verge of death.
Damn, only 6 episodes?
Real stuff his nose prolly scraped every burger he touched
Wish I could try out all three of those burgers! D:
The avocado shade lol
Five Guys > Shake Shack
1:20 anyone getting kramer kenny rogers the red chicken sign deja vu?
Why is the scarlett Johansson video unavailable?!?!?!
Surprise ending:- In-n-Out wins
Chen is a god❤️
In the beginning scene replace the burger with a free taco and imagine Casey tripping
I love the editing
I wonder who he's calling out lol
"legend"? cmon please lmao, why does he look like hes wearing one of those "funny-nose-glasses" ? :D
They all look so goood :')
Wow, nice little mention of Strictly Dumpling :D
Shake shack is the best place to go if you want to drop a car payment for a burger you could make at home
Stop swearing. Doesn’t make you cool or hip.
You need to try "pljeskavica" and you can thank me later 😊
The guy goes to the seven elevens in Taiwan btw
Elon Musk on Hot Ones.
Request Number 3
must be pretty dark in there
Pickled cucumber... yeah... pickles or gherkins...
At least four times watching this video I moaned FUUUCKKK that looks good!!
He has been there and back Casey tries Shake Shack
Will never understand this. As much as I love food. Ground bison with American cheese and lettuce, tomato, and onions. Never tasted better.
Omg it's Casey the cave man
That Italian burger looked terrible. Balsamic should never go on a burger
That's an unfortunate looking man.
The burger show. _x
Sunnies instead? to hide the drop kebab look?
the chef has a cut on his thumb when he puts the cucumber slices on the burger. A little unsanitary ?
Alvin and Casey are polar opposites when it comes to health
Clicked on this thinking it would be another hot wings one
I got the simple mobile ad with you in it
I cannot tell you how much I want a burger rn
alvin da goat
I love that he shouted out Mikey Chen
Alvin man....I'm worried about you. You are a such a great host and it would suck to lose you because of all the side effects thats comes from obesity. Your skin looks extremely unhealthy and I'm sure a huge factor is your food choices. What you put into your body should be seriously taken into consideration man. Alvin man, I'm here for you and support your journey to become healthier. It would be great to see you at least make some progress.
I wonder why his mom never taught him to take off sunglasses when inside. Is there really so much sun
As a Swiss person I've got to ask... what the hell is a Swiss burger??
Who else was looking at the burgers' reflections in Casey's sunglasses the entire time?
I like you. My name oat FC from thailand..
We love mike chen everyone go watch hes the best
Someone give me the recipe for the red miso paste in the first burger
I don’t think Casey has ever talked about Shake Shack in his videos
Smack them 'gers down boys
Casey vs PFT Commenter at Rough n Rowdy, loser loses their glasses match! BOOK IT!!!
Seeing him in a video is a automatic dislike
That big dude should not be eating any more burgers.....
Burgers for Breakfast!
/Oop/
Mikey Chan!! PLUG!!
I love Strictly Dumpling. you might have to get him on Hot Ones
I so respect this channels hustle !
Is alvin worried about his health?
You know the glasses you get with the moustache and the nose, that's Casey Neistat but without the moustache.
My guy casey said pewdiepie a 80 dollar big mac is better than t series the big expensive burger esketit bois
Get Mikey Chen on hot ones! Strictly Dumpling is awesome
Ok I'm the same age as you guys and I don't think using the fword every five seconds shows much class.. I know it has taken on a new meaning to use the fword to describe emphasis... when I was growing up that word led to grounding and soap in the mouth
i regret watching this a 8:48pm
Oh how I love to have Shake Shack when visiting the US. 

Wish we had it in South Africa!!

Id open one as a business tomorrow if I had the chance.
Hell yeah, please get Mikey Chen (strictly dumpling) on here! And hot ones!
Sean Penn pulled up on that skateboard cool af
I've never seen a nose go after someone's chin so aggressively. Casey's face is literally imploding. Both these guys are freaks of nature lmao
Youtube collabs = geniu$$$
Casey swears a lot...I love it!
4:43 YouTube is NOT a democratic platform. Not even slightly. That is absurd.
Reviewbrah will remember that
But why do the cones in the background have eyes?
I'm on with in. The first burger would have to be the one.
K-POP!
Bro your one burger away from a stroke. Health is wealth champ
How does food have a political affiliation? Lol
i feel like one of them is prone to heart disease  😆
Damn Casey!! You're hardcore!!
Damn Casey!! You're hardcore!!
I want Pewdiepie to be in the next season.
Dude looks like young Krew from Jak & Daxter 3. Man, I love what this guy is doing, but take care of yourself as best as you can.
Strictly Dumpling is the guy for all foodies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Man can he eat :)
isn't this the weird trump rant dude?
Jamie Oliver on hot ones
Two of the hardest people to look at
Wow, all 3 of these burgers seem incredible.
Im worried for the big guy..
"Let me qualify why"
miserere mei deus and burgers... youtube never ceases to amaze
Pewds is curious of the taste of hot wings, he said it in his recent videos
C'mon Sean, we need The God Of Meme in the Hot Ones
"opens your eyes" not for casey
Shout out to the people selecting music, Miserere, great choice!
More coast bias...  I'm telling you guys...  MILWAUKEE..!  When are you coming to MKE 414..?
casey has a fps perspective for glasses..
cave man tries modern food
Casey is that guy in class that raises his hand every second saying “could you repeat that”
Hunger arising 😖
My blood pressure is through the roof just watching this. 😥
This show is actually really cool.
Sponsored...had to say great things
You need Action Bronson to host this show
GIVE. ME. ALL. THREE. So hungry...
THAT BEAT 09:29! LOVE IT!!!
Casey: "This burger is the size as my head". Me: Yeah but, not as big as your ego!!!!!
I didn't know cavemen knew what burgers were.
whenever casey looks straight into the camera he looks like he wears one of these nose-sunglasses-disguises
You should invite @penquinz0 to hot ones
Cucumber in a burger cannot be good, idc what anyone says
Are these videos always these foggy ? Looks like the lens is all cloudy
why does this shake shack dude look exactly like one of the dudes on vat19
OH YEAH
Nice shout out to Mikey Chen!
Mikey Chen 4 the win!
You should do an episode with Sean and taste the hottest burgers
Yo Casey, I know we literally just walked into this kitchen, but let's slap hands like we just met.
K POP!
So, this is one of the Chuckle brothers' sons, right?
Their noses are completely the Opposite.
got to admit I subbed because of hot ones but i like these burger videos waaaaaay better
Why do they both look like they would be on a character creation screen in a video game where they are the random generated faces.
At this stage of burger diet Alvin is decaying or a talking tumor?
sunglasses in a basement. unit.
pickled cucumbers

so...pickles?
We want more than 6 episodes per season! Great show!
Remember when this guy hosted Seth...
omg it's kc nice that
My dad makes it better😕
5:11 "Pewdiepie"
Can't go wrong with some Shake shack goodness!
Oh that's the dude that looks like a cross of Sean Penn and Pac from youtube rewind
First burger... bacon and shitty pickles that look under pickled.  My god this show is a fn joke
bring back pizza show need some frank nig'
Thats it I’m going to Cali for the first time just for that Roadside 😍
Shake shack is sold all over the world??
So, that's what happened to the other guy from Bill and Ted's excellent adventure...
love this show so much
I'm so hungry now.
I would pick the last one
Who else was looking at his sunglasses the whole time
Goddamn I want to try that first one
yo the amount of plugs tho
Douch wearing glasses.
I wonder if Casey was upside down and they touched noses, would they completely align and create a keyway to the beef dimension?  I love both of these guys and their work in entertainment.  Not hating at all.
Cant stand narcissistic neistat
Why the last video with Scarlett Johansson is not available? I want to see it so bad.
Mikey Chen!!!!!!!
Man, he is rough to look at
stop giving alvin burgers
who is skipping the show and just reading through comments?
i can eat all 3 burgers..i watched mike chen a lot......more than casey lol..
Great  shout out for Mikey Chen
get will smith on hot ones
His nose touches everything he eats
Great video! Hello from Toronto!
pickled cucumber... so a pickle
IN N OUT IS GOAT
Ken shamrock let himself run
I just drooled on my phone.
If you want a burger that's nearly the size of your head, head to Ferg Burger, Queenstown, New Zealand. It's tasty as, The Chief Wiggum was my favorite. God, I miss that place.
i almost unsubscribed cuz this dude was dissing avocados
Burger town
that boxing glove
Glutton shack
Am I the only one that calls pickled cucumbers ‘pickles’?
He's addicted to that shake shack across the street just like Kramer and the Kenny Rogers Roasters.  "The red light is burning my brain!"
i love this video
Omg now I know why you wear glasses so much... I almost died looking into those eyes
Awesome video and had my mouth watering the whole time. Thank you Alvin and Casey and Shake Shack.....wish there was a Shake Shack in Utah 😟
Editors doing them dirty
Holy shit I forgot about this guy. I remember when he was shilling hardcore for Hillary. He look like he was 50 years old back then, now he looks 100.
Is that Sean at the beginning?
Where's the burger show?
These seasons desperately need to be longer than 6 episodes!
MIKEY CHEN ON HOT ONES!
my mouth is flooding watching this video
so jealous
I think umame is a fake word
this guy is insufferable.
Just how good is a Japanese 7-11 for you guys? I'm genuinely curious.  I find it baffling..I guess because I'm looking at it inside-out being that I've lived in Japan for 15 years. I've totally gotten used to 7-11's here obviously, and although I've always found the food there to be good, I've never though it was like staggeringly impressive. Anyway, I teach English and so I found this brilliant article from some female writer who was talking about how she got hooked on 7-11 dishes while holidaying in Tokyo. We all enjoyed reading it, but I have to admit at the end we were all kind of scratching our heads at how 'Westerners' - I mean, fresh off the boat Westerners could be so into average convenience store food. Like..huh? She was saying "Oh the egg sandwich was eggy (in a good way) divine, Bourdaine said it was the best he's ever eaten"...etc I mean, it's been a while but I swear the egg sandwiches in the UK were better, esp served with cress and the slightly tart European mayo. 
Do you really have it that bad back in the States? At the end of the day, most of the foods at are on the low-end of the health scale, full of preservatives, most of the cakes (the cheap ones) use confectioners cream. All the noodles are high calorie, the stuff at the deli is greasy, ALL the sweetbreads are slathered in mayo, and most bread is made from the cheapest of the cheapest rice flour (hence soft and fluffy), the burgers aren't a patch on McDonald's ones. I will admit the coffee and drinks selections are truly great, however.  
I tried watching that Asian guy, and he dying of ecstasy eating some of the worst stuff on selection. I wondered if the guy wasn't just playing to the camera. Yeesh, wish I could go back to being a total noob to Japan, maybe I'd have the same reaction.
Sean Penn's brother?
world: we have the technology & means to change the world, end hunger, homelessness - save our future


world: let's just watch + share endless content about food
I’m so mad that the nearest shake shack is an hour away...
Imagine editing pewdiepies name out for no apparent reason
Caveman find meat and consume.  Caveman approve of shake shack meats.
That nose braaah
braaaa season finale ALREADY ??? SEASON 4 COME TO MIAMI OR FT LAUDERDALE ALVIN
We need Mikey Chen on the show now
“Pickled cucumbers”? That’s a pickle.
Shake shack is just ok
Cant stand this dude.
Love the show, Dislike the dude.
Caveman noise
The host of this show I honestly repulsive, really hard to watch a show about food with him in it.
Burgers for breakfast! Burgers for breakfast! Burgers for breakfast!
new drinking game, take a shot every time they say burger
I thought this guy was a vegan soy boy ?
6:19 What happens when you take your sun glasses off? You can see indoors.
Next season you guys should travel to different countries to see how people eat and cook burgers around the world
inb4 he pulls off the vegies in the burger again
casey is such a weird looking dude. that nose...
Why y'all edit out PewDiePie?
Alvin definitely looks like a guy that I would trust to make me a bomb ass meal.
Tony hawk on hot ones?
Culinary genius for SHAKE SHACK!?? Umami, Michelin Star, operatic, inspired by.... rustic blah blah. It’s like standing I line for Jordan’s. When did we turn left?

Only salesman have to sell themselves. I’ll be Onto @mattymatheson videos. @mattymatheson real deal. Find him wearing pink sunglasses talking about burgers. Doubtful.


They are PICKLES! pickled cucumbers 🥒. Fml
Democratic food, patented recipes, lists;
Craving for burger right now
Merkules wants that smoke get him on here
You can't say how lucky this 2 are for getting to enjoy the burgers at  Shake Shack Innovation kitchen
Ayyy mikey chen sighting!
Me eat burger
Im so damn hungry now
still doesn't have nice tats
moose fest
oh no
discount sean penn....
Stop heckin cursin so much fam
What a nice guy
These Americans can't survive eating veg food 😂
Mikey Chen needs no ones permission fyi
Should an episode on Non Burger Burgers - like Loco Moco, Japanese Hambāgu, Southern Hamburger steak, Open Faced Chili Burgers... Etc.
For real though Shake Shack needs to release these burgers.
Shake shack is overrated and over priced.
Fatburger's coming to my really small city in Virginia but they're not giving a date and it's killing me
awesomeeeee.
Yo, Casey knows who I am !
Great shout out to Mikey Chen aka StricklyDumpling. FYI eating in Japanese 7-11 and other convenience stores is a thing. They have seating available. Some stuff you can heat up yourself and/or the store employee's will heat up food also for no charge, Many countries in that part of the world have the same. The stores are very clean. Where as here in the US you need a tetanus shot before enter the store...lulz
food youtube is the best youtube
Honestly this is the most open I've ever seen Casey hes kinda cool this way
Hey look its that k pop guy
Casey is a D-Bag
Give us the real YouTube juggernaut with pewdiepie
Big guy host is bad
That pewdiepie reference didn't age well
The Mikey Chen love is real.
Is this dude famous cause of his nose?
This needs more dislikes
8:03 My buy Micheal here
Tyler The Creator On Hot Ones
I wonder if there's any correlation between nose size and ability to taste
Lets go daddy mike
Would be more appropriate to get him to taste sabertooth tiger roasted over an open fire
Watched this while eating a whopper
Go to Whataburger!
K  P O P
I am a vloger, i like to eat food #relatibil
i thought you died... lol
Ooga booga
How much did Casey pay you guys to come on the show and get a pinned comment lol
Did casey just compare Pewdiepie to a 99 cent cheeseburger
Mate it just a burger relaxe. all about good ingredients ,,,
PUT SOME RESPEC ON MIKE CHENS NAME
I gotta stop watching this when I’m hungry
Shake shack is overrated and overpriced.
The ugliest man on the planet.  If he sneezes, the snot shoots directly into his mouth. His chin hooks up.... He is the son of a witch.
There is absolutely no way Casey eats as much Shakeshack as he says he does.
Look I’m not here to start a dam thing but I would like to say, you could have thrown a vegan burger into the mix, after all this is suppose to be new ideas right I believe it was said an editing room with new innovative creativity and ideas? What would have it hurt, either it would have passed or failed right. For those of you who will try to make this more than what it is and that being a QUESTION then be it as it may. Either way it wouldn’t have been so wrong and who knows perhaps it would have success?
so hungry
7:18 damn all those burgers have token its toll on the man
RAT face
Casey is a good guy.   👍
Where's the wings?
Casey Neistat shouting out mike chen, game recognize game. i love strictly dumpling. also im not sure why but the verde sauce on that burger looks so freakin good.
Is this a Tide Ad?
face
But have you tried a mcchicken patty in between McDouble?
Damn, I would kill to be eating those burgers.
Looks like someone ironed his face for too long
Fantastic video.
Lets all have a moment of silence for the poor people in Europe who dont have the pleasure to taste Shake Shack #F
Damn I like this show.  But it hurts.  I want these burgers now.  I'm available if a scheduled guest pulls a hammy.
I swear if Casey ever loses his teeth, his chin's gonna end up touching his nose.
ohhhhhhhhh Mommy!
Just why. Why.
You make burgers....you’re not a chef
Thanks from bringing sean penns Son
Ooga booga man has food
I like this shows idea but man I just don’t like the host very much
Casey is awesome
no one cares if you have 1 or 10 michelin stars.. Real food isnt in high end restaurants. I bet there are hundreds of more amazing burgers on street somewhere randomly.. But that doesn't change the fact I'd still eat this 🤣
Redundant hipster.
I thought he was wearin one em glasses that come with a nose
Good god what an objectively ugly individual
8:15 Eating inside 7 Elevens in Japan/Asian countries is allowed/encouraged, by the way. We normally have a small bar with stools to sit at, hot water on tap for ramen/tea, and the cashiers will microwave the food for you, or there will be microwaves for your convenience.
I hate how I always get the same ad when I watch these videos does this happen to you too?
Love Mikey Chan
Now we have a better chance of getting Mikey Chen in the Hot Ones! Thanks Casey
Oh this is new. Not.
Whaaaat? Casey wearing branded sunglasses without messing with them?
nice sunnies and hair style
Wait did they mess up the audio when he said PewDiePie?
Were can I get a part of his glasses
He doesn't have time to read the comments, he just sniffs them.
5:10 it’s actually 93 million mr. Casey nicehat
May thor smite me with his hammer but the dude looks like a featherless parrot that got hit by a truck...
What about the Shake Shack GOT burger and shake?
isn't that the dude that used to be on youtube
Wearing sunglasses where there is no sun... classic loser
great when Casey swears
I like the idea of a burger show but Alvin is way too annoying to deal with. If that one dude with the mutton chops that's been in a few episodes was the host it would be 1,000,000,000,000,000,000% better, funnier, and more interesting.
AYY MIKEY CHEN!!!
they just put and ad on their own video
Casey has the most punchable face in history
So bored
Omg
10:32 Typical Seinfeld-ish kind of spiel
I want thisssss
Looks like Casey finally discovered fire
this degenerate again?
Anyone else annoyed that hes wearing those sunglasses
"So you have the biggest youtuber in the world with 83 million subscribers..." 
Sorry... 83??!?
More like 93
Ooga booga me like burger
Guys we need the crude brothers to be on here!!!
It's legal to eat inside a 7/11 or other convenience stores in japan. They usually have a small corner or somthing where you can relaxe, eat, work. Convenience stores in japan are truly convenient.
What kind of a monster puts cucumber in their burger!?!
Owen, or Candice and Francine with, would have been a nice touch... jus sayin'
I eat the chef Massimo Bottura burget 1 month ago in Brussels and its amazing.... words can't describe . It coast alottt ( luckly i didnt payed haha) but is well spent money
Why am I watching this while hungry?
These are 2 attractive faces if ive ever seen any..
Casey is a neoliberal goblin.
casey noseflat
Season finale?!! That's all we get are 6 episodes?!! I suppose there's only so much you can do around a show dedicated to nothing but burgers but this feels really short. 


That's a bit of a slam but it's only because I really, really enjoy this series. Don't be gone too long.
CaseyNeistat and his face for radio.... I lost my appetite
There's one thing this video needs...
Unga bunga me eat burger.
Thas hot
My favorite burger in the world with Casey? This day can't get better!
Has alvin been on "first we feast?"  he looks like he could do with afew spicy wings
Shake Shack here is really bad. It had lines the first month or so it opened up and I feel like everyone realized how shit it was.... no wait now. Might just be this location but yeah.
Casey “ it’s as big as my face” no Casey your face is bigger lol
Come to portland!!! I want to show you what we have to offer here!!
Gmm on burger show plz
Damn how many sponsors and partners in one video? Kind of makes you realize that YouTube is becoming more and more corporate...
Ma boi mikey
Pesto Verde not Salsa Verde!
Elon musk. Hot ones. Make. It. Happen
Casey looks like a younger, happier version of Moe from the Simpsons
Why am I watching this while hungry?
Dude literally looks like a demented thumb.
Casey is like bro, I just like burgers, I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
In Japan I'm fairly certain that you're actually allowed to eat in the stores. If we go back to the First We Feast where Sean and Joji try Japanese convience store foods, Joji mentions that they have boiling water and such ready so that you can make the meal and eat it while there. (Casey brings up that he doesn't know if it is allowed at 8:10)
the reason casey runs 30 miles a week is because he lives beside a shake shack makes so much more sense
Casey's profile is CRAZY
Awe I love Casey what a perfect pairing on this show. I am so bummed that I will never get to try the japense one that excited me the most. Hey it's only an 6hr and 35min drive to the nearest LA shake shack if I leave Sacto right now
I don't care for diarrhea on my burgers lol
Interesting to see a retired sumo wrestler and and someone that thinks it's still cool to wear sunglasses in a cavernous basement talk about hamburgers.  You guys can't be struggling for material that bad can you?  The co presenter's commentary was shocking as well as he described it as 'the greatest day of my life".
IF YOU WATCH THIS VIDEO ON YEAR 2070 IM PROBABLY OLD NOW. i’l be doing this everytime I watch sa singe video/ lets make history.
🍔🍔🍔
That guy with the fake hillbilly teeth and Groucho Marx nose\glasses is so ugly. I wonder what he looks like in real life.
I have no idea who this guy was, but man he really was annoying to me. Was it just me?
Tony Hawk was cool, but Casey Neistat is next level.
Mark Rosati, the most annoying guy on the planet
Vada pav khayega Sab bhul jayega
Do people usually enjoy grease soaked wet buns? Had that the other day and found it so gross
And this biggest nose award goes too
Dudes face looks like a burger
Why is he wearing sunglasses inside?  Medical reasons?  Please, someone explain.
WOOOOOOOO MIKEY CHEN!!
Dudes mouth is so weird
casey needs a food network food review show
So...what’s going on with this dudes face? Honest question.
Please have Gordon Ramsey try these burgers
The burgers looked and sounded great as always, but is anyone else getting the vibe that Casey is a complete tool?
Ooga booga me eat burger
They often have seats and benches in 7/11 and other convenience stores in Japan, so he is probably allowed to eat there :)
Sean penn eating carbs?!?
Bruh this guys nose is boutta fall in his mouth
Kpop?!
Am I only one annoyed when they say “picked cucumbers”? Um pickles ARE cucumbers......just saying. Lol
What a honker Casey has!!!
I always feel these reviews are skewed. These guys get perfect burgers everytime, when i go, i get a mess. Shake shack is overpriced and overrated. In n out has much better consistency and better prices. But that's just my opinion, food is very subjective.
The fat guy needs to try the salad burger.
Casey looking like this vid from 2015
He needs to lose weight.
Biggest youtuber?
Did they censor pewdiepie's name?
I hate this web series.  It makes me cry that NONE of the awesome burgers they talk about are ever available in Berlin.    DAMN YOU BURGER SHOW FOR MAKING ME WANT WHAT I CANT HAVE!!     Edit:  Berlin has a terrible burger game.  It really needs to be stepped up... A LOT!
Casey is such a potty mouth. They didn't edit him here
Get Mark Wiens or Food Rangers on!!
I'm glad I'm not dumb enough to pay top dollar for a burger I can get anywhere. If you want a Carls  just go to Hardees. If I do a blind taste test with half these these joints I would embarrass burger snobs
why does casey neistat look like the backpack kid
yey !! shout out to mikey chan !! any chan gang here ?
Ooga Booga me wanty burger
They haven't eaten taken more than 1 bite on the burgers and started judging them? kinda funny and lame at the same time. sry to say
Love Casey.
Alvin needs a salad. And this show needs another host. Unbearable to watch him eat, don't know if I should be disgusted or sadden.
Tommy's is so much better than Shake Shack. I tried one of their burgers here at the Green Hills location in Tennessee and I was heavily disappointed. These burger joints that people keep playing up usually aren't as good as people think. Shake Shack, Whataburger, In-N-Out. You'd be better off just making your own burger at home.
It looks like Casey never lost his baby teeth
9:26, thats what she said.
Came to dislike
Does Casey eat meat that's not mammoth?
Americans man, haha.
5:10 did they censor pewdiepie's name
Really....you couldn't say "PewDiePie" on camera?
Did you really grow up in Cali/LA if your not putting avocado on everything.
5:09 did they cut pewdiepie out?
eating murdered animals.
I'm literally watching this for the burgers I hate Casey so much
I don't like him let me dislike and I'm on my way out.
I wouldn’t eat any of those, bleck
Casey’s nose, came with his sunglasses
lmao Casey called Pewds the McDonalds of YouTube.
avocado on a burger is why i don't like tortas, and also why for years i wouldn't even give avocado a chance, it just completely turned me off. still don't love avocado, and prefer to get some sour cream into my guac, but i don't hate them anymore in the slightest. helps that my current job is as a produce clerk, in retail you learn to respect your product or you can't enjoy your job.
Wow a talking pig
Dear God No.
5:09 Pewdiepie now has 93 million 😂
I really really dislike this guy
Casey looks like a guy who fights for down sindrome
I’m surprised Popeye didn’t want spinach on his burger...
So... Casey is a burger expert too? What people do for money, eh?
Casey needs a face transplant.
who is this casey bignose guy
Is it just me of does Casey look like geddy lee?
Doc said I was a ticking time bomb from eating that stuff.  So I moved to FL and started keto.  I'm a 5 month experiment of what happens to a 55 year old guy who said enough already
Disappointed that I woke up to this ugly motherf@#&er on my feed. Not cool
I love how at the end of the day Casey wants little to nothing to do with the crazy food, though there is a place for it, it's still all about good basic food.
We need pewdiepie to come on plzzzz
Pewds on 83 mil subs? OMEGALUL. You tell this video is old lol
wow
Who is this flopdick?
Does Casey tweak because he has a tweakers mouth and chin?
2 of the ugliest MFs on Youtube.
Goes to McDonald's, disappointed.
Great video!
Casey Niestat still doesn't show his nice tats.
It sounded like they cut Pewdiepie's name out.
Is he wearing one of those fake nose and glasses things? Oh wait....
im just wondering. Did Casey got paid to be in this video ?
Isn't Casey the tool that was showboating Clinton propaganda. Yes. Yes he is.  Only YouTube turns douchbags into stars.
Wow just going to not say Pewdiepie huh.
Funny how pewdiepie is closing in on 94 mil already
Pewds grows so fast, this vid is not up to date anymore 83 Mill tzzzzzz
Casey why is it that when I go to Shake Shack the burgers don't look anything like the burgers that were shown?  not talking about the burger combination talking about the juicy yummy look.  Keep hearing great things about Shake Shack but I was disappointed when one opened and the food was just OK, going to have to say that five guys is the best burger joint.
Using how many subs PewDiePie has to tell when this was recorded
What sausage did he state was in that burger with the parmasan?, was interested to see what he was talking about and cant find it
Europe‘s still waiting on shake shack guys........
why do all the girls get so many replys in all the comments u guys wtf
Man his nose is abnormal every bite he takes, look like he is sniffing and biting at the same time
The most popular YouTuber has 93 million subscriber's
Anyone else think Casey Neistat is just plain ugly?
Why's big guy dressed for Detroit winter and skinny guy dressed for new York summer?
Dude acts and talks like Spider-Man's friend
this guy needs to take a break from eating burgers, his career will kill him soon.
I'm concerned about Alvin's health :/
Caseys a poster. All I see him eat on his vlogs are green juices and salads and an occasional tuna can.
Is I just me that thinks casey looks like an ex heroin addict?
8:50 thats called a Patty Melt and they're served 24/7 at any What-a-Burger
PewDiePie is not McDonald's quality
Hrm, how is the Roadside Double a tribute to Los Angeles burger joints and Phillippe's french dip again? Namedropping LA is a bit of a stretch, Shake Shack. To honor SoCal, one should either serve a french-dipped pastrami burger with fatty ribbons of pastrami or a sloppy chili cheeseburger with pepperoncini.
Casey Neistat is so ugly! Also Mustard has no place on a burger.
Next request to host PewDiePie on hot ones, 9 year olds let's make it happen
Wait did they censor pewdiepie name? Lol 5:10
I’ve never really been a fan of Casey but I have one question,I hope you don’t take ANYTHING I say offensively but, are you color blind or do you just wear sunglasses 24/7? Again, I really don’t want to sound disrespectful or offensive I’m just curious cuz I’ve never really seen him with his glasses off
how can you eat it looks disgusting :(
Why isn't anyone asking Casey why he's wearing normal shades
Alvin lose some weight and follow in Mattys footsteps...
This guy is such a bad fuckn host
Last time i had fatburger i got food poisoning....
That’s the ugliest man on YouTube
Too much this guy too much too much about publicity not the truth
Casey, the ugliest guy on the planet.
Wtf is in that crazy burger at 5:29!!!!!!!!!
Casey is 38 but looks 50+ - that's what junk food does to you.
DON'T GLORIFY THIS CRAP
83 mil close just 10 mil off
Is the burger show about to take over hot ones?????!?
i wanna push my thumbs into casey's eyeballs.
The hardest part is watching Alvin eat something that he shouldn't eat. Come on brotha loose the weight.
Why do I watch this show when I am a vegetarian? Because I hate myself
Why does anyone care what this electric skateboard riding sunglasses inside nerd have to say?
Morbid obesity it very distracting in this video. Please get help.
white guy is wearing the fake nose & glasses gag gift the whole video, weird
Casey Caveman Ooga Booga
That’s what I was going to say. Way too many complicated ingredients. Like what’s cucumber and bacon!?!?!? *mind blown
Pewdiepie is almost 93mil I now
I'm sorry, who?
For some reason casey is annoying
Get Mikey Chen on!
Came here just to dislike. I wish there was an option to ban this big-nosed dоuchebag from ever seeing him on YouTube. What a pretentious dоuchefаg сunt...
This man one burger away from dead.
I hated hearing the words “biggest YouTuber ever” and not hearing the name pewdiepie.
Hum hum... 93* M subscribers
No one:

Avocado: 

Casey and big boy: avocado doesn’t belong on EVERYTHING”
This was so cool to see and not just because Casey was on it, I am so Jealous that you guy in the states have so may cool burger places, I live in Quebec and the only cool burger place is 5 GUYS I love it but would love to try Shake Shack or White Castle or any others mentioned in this video, and just subbed as well.
What color lenses does Casey have?
Pewdiepie for hot ones
Casey's nose is so ridiculous. I bet he can smell what the rock is cooking.
yeah americans .. they love their food.
this kid looks like a neanderthal..
Sorry but that is not the size of your head Casey
5:11 did you just auto censor Felix's name? also 83 million subs? you mean 93 million subs.
3 burgers was that it????? ffs what a waste of time
His teeth always disturbs me
Miserere me Deus nice
Forgive me this is SOOOOOOOOOOOO stupid. NO ONES going to say.. OMG this is awful! Na..didnt like it. ...its the best.. why is this not everywhere etc.
Boi with the toque is obese.  I'm not making fun of him or harassing him, but in my opinion he needs to lose weight.
You need to get Corey Taylor on hot ones.
Ok, I'm watching two dudes eating amazing hamburgers, I'm starving, and the only thing I have near home is a dirty McDonald's...
Why?! Why?!?!
Ayy Shake Shack could you guys maybe open a place in Bowling Green Ky? I have been to one Shake Shack and only because we were on vacation all the way in Arizona i do believe like come on. :(
One of the ugliest persons on the internet
Casey look like a Crack head
Whats the deal with his teeth? Did he grind them down?
Casey is so pathetic.
Please get Barstool Dave Portnoy on hot ones!
Change the host.
I'd like to watch more of these videos but the host always throws me off.. He's morbidly obese it bothers me a lot. It's so unhealthy and this show kind of normalizes these sort of health issues. If he doesn't take care of his body I he wouldn't live long enough to enjoy more burgers..
One of them must stop eating burgers or he is not going to make it to Christmas.
die
So that’s his nose?
This is the dumbest one first we feast made
biggest youtuber ?.......pewds
Casey Neistat is a CNN sellout trash.
PewDiePie for Hot Ones
+UCtinbF-Q-fVthA0qrFQTgXQ , Casey you always bring something different, I love your platform
93 million casey, 93 million
Does Casey have teeth?
Soooo like I love you man, but Strictly Dumpling does more than just asian 7/11 in fact that's A: kinda new, and B: a bit of niche compared to everything else he does, please please please watch the rest of his stuff, I love you both and I think you should see everything he does.
get pewdiepie on hot wings before he reaches 100.000.000
Casey has the weirdest face I have ever seen
Maybe the large man should make smaller burgers...idk just seems like maybe he had a lot of big burgers so maybe he should try smaller burgers now...
Casey niestat is just... the worst
Just curious, what is this guy famous for? or why is he known? i have seen him in a few videos but don't get why anyone would want to see him?
really cool video !
why do people like this Casey guy so much, damn he looks like such a tool, i guess all the cringy people on here can relate to him?
Please tell me tht u guys jst didnt only tasted each burger but also ate them completely , cause u guys will go to hell if you jst took one bite and throwed the rest away. (Btw m a casey fan)
ugliest guy on the planet hands down
y r u making this much bla bla bla... god .. thats just a burger..........
This presenter guy makes this show unwatchable, bad skin, nasty beard, unhealthy weight. He might knows a lot about burgers but is hard to watch some one that gross eating a nice burger.
Please make Casey a regular on this channel. <3
he sounds like how his nose looks if that makes sense
Does anyone else wish the host put a little effort into his narration? Seen the show before and the lack of enthusiasm is the reason I didn't subscribe last time. He doesn't have to be fake and overdo it but if he can't be bothered to speak from the heart he could at least try to sell his own show. Makes him seem like a lazy dick.
Stop eating meat
 Go vegetarian/vegan
The fat dude says the word "like" 28 times.
I think it’s a big AZZ move to give people like “him” things like this instead of someone way more deserving! Everyone knows but don’t want to say it and puts people like this on this thing that seems to be higher than others but I see that they are well below the 99%! Why reward this ugly guy that can’t be respectful and take the gosh awful glasses off!
“You dont have to put aguacato on everything”...

Okay... im done
I don't know why but the cant stand this dude's face
Casey stopped uploading daily YouTube videos, months ago. No Warning to Followers. Why is he here ?
If a cook at a restaurant doesn't have his body type, I don't want the food.
Mark Weins.
Can't stand Casey. Won't watch.  Shoulda' had a diff guest.
Please get Mike from Strictly Dumpling to taste some burgers next <3
im from Chile, and i got a question for people of the USA, do you ever eat hotdog but with avocado, chopped tomato and mayonnaise on top of it? is like a typical junk food over here.
Is the profanity and taking the lords name in vain really necessary, I think not...
Love the shout out to Mikey Chen!!
And youtube introduces... The ugliest mf alive
Why doesn't the burger guy do a hot ones burger edition.  people would love that
This dude looks like his face got smashed with a frying pan
But for real tho: Shake Shack > every other burger chain in America
who in sunglasses , he is an arse , and they can't cook burgers for people to eat , its a fail fail fail
If you could go on a burger-focused vacation, where would you want to go?
Why has this strangely focused burger guru become my favorite person on the internet?
No disrespect to Alvin but I’m 100% convinced George should be the host of the burger show. He’s a much better personality/fit for this.
55% of comments: Concerned for Alvin’s health
45% of comments: George should be the host
I’m just here for the “concerned about Alvin’s health” comments
My guy Alvin, I need you to work on your health man. It's all love and coming from a good place! We need you for many years to come!
These two could really just host the burger show together.
George Motz > Alvin Cailan. George has a better personality, is more knowledgeable, is cooler and funnier. Alvin Cailan is a cool dude but he’s painful to watch as a host.
Well Alvin, you're an odd fellow, but you steam a good ham
Replace Alvin with George, much cooler character and personality
God I wish George hosted this. Alvin just has such low energy and charisma.
"You call hamburgers steamed hams?"
"Yes! It's a regional dialect."
"Uh huh. What region?"
"Central Connecticut?"
Alvin you should be afraid. Burger scholar is coming for your spot.
i love this series, but it feels weird watching someone so overweight going around eating tons of cheese burgers
I love Alvin, but can you get an original show starring George? The man is a god damn walking talking encyclopedia of cool burger knowledge and stuff. 

Keep Alvin doing his thing cause I love it, but god damn, more MOTZ!
More of this guy.
Actually, just always of this guy.
My man out here looking like an alternate timeline Johnny Knoxville
George needs his own show. Such a good host and performer
Old school Enzo Ferrari... from 2002
Im concerned for this guys health
If Alvin “ate with his eyes first” he’d be “looking” a lot more healthy.... Jesus.
from England, this guy seems like a totally awesome American character, like he should be in Smokey and the Bandit or something
Warden:  What is your final meal request before execution?
George Motz on Death Row:  A cheeseburger, fries, and a malted mocha and peanut butter milkshake.
The man is so big that he turned the seat belt into a neck belt.
George episodes are best episodes. He's so seasoned (puns) and educated on burger lore, I love it.
I love how he lays down the no-fart rule.
Comments: 50% concerned for Alvins health, 50% suggesting George replace Alvin as host.
This would make a great stoner movie !
Am I the only one concerned for the hosts state of health?
Burger show is church, Alvin you're the father, but George is the Pope!!!
George is a national treasure. God bless his chops.
I want to be George Motz.
Can you just have George Motz on all the time!? He is the man!
I understand the no ketchup policy, but why no coke?
I can't focus on the video.  I keep worrying that the big guy is gonna grab his chest and fall over.
Why does this guy seem like Johnny Knoxville doing a bit but also method acting?
Alvin please be healthier so we can watch your videos for years.
I feel like this is what the show should've been from the start


BURGER ROAD TRIP
Do any of you guys see that arm behind the car seat at 1:20?
I think Stewie Griffin said it best: "Oh, right. I forgot that Yelp is a weapon for stupid people."
As a Connecticut native, this episode warms my heart.
I miss Motz's tv burger show. Heard he may have something else in the works. Praying it comes SOOOOOON! Another great burger ep, guys!
That’s the title I want

BURGER SCHOLAR
I keep thinking the one guy is Johnny Knoxville.
too much meat, undercooked. i smell bs.
this dude needs to shave his face...
I love this series! Gorge Motz is my freaking idol after watching these vids.
i really like the crew trying to hide in the back of the car
Viva México 🇲🇽 cabrones
This Johnny Knoxville in an old man suit
Ah, Marie Kondo, for Hot Ones.
She's a tidying-expert and author. We're seeing her on Youtube a lot.
I'd like to see her tidy some wings.
Who smashed the "like" 👍 for the segway?? 😂😂🤕
The burger scholar is roughly 20 times the host alvin is
Missing a trick not giving this burger man a series. Knowledge on knowledge about them. Road trip
Milwaukee...  Sobelmans, Mazos, Solly's Grille, Kopps, Point Burger Bar,
 AJ Bommers, every other bar has a top quality burger...  Chicago is 
just down the road...  Dude, you guys don't even know...
"I probably have over...50 or 60....pieces of information that I will never reveal." Ok Indiana Jones.
Absolutely love the burger scholar episodes, I would roll up through the burger belt and back down home to Texas. Keep up the good work, I am always looking forward to the show. Thank you guys for all the hard work.
where ever i go,  if the burger is good i always ask for the manager and tell them.
LETS GO CONNECTICUT I LOVE YOU!!!
Texas has a Whisk(e)y Wizard and New York has a Burger Scholar. What next!? A Chowder Whisperer?
Y’all at least gotta make buddy work out man
*AN Ultimate Regional Burger Road Trip with THE Burger Scholar

I made the video title more accurate by making it sound way, way worse.
Could you somehow replicate the steamed burger at home?

Perhaps Sous Vide without finishing it on the cast iron pan?
Teds is flavorless in my opinion. Texture of a meatloaf without the flavor
This chef looks like the one from Skyrim!!! He is the one who tells me who and where the real gourmet is.this guy looks a lot like him.I think his name was Knjakr.
OMG. I've driven by Shady Glen in Manchester so many times and never knew what was happening inside. I'm gonna have to get my butt in there
season 3 hype! next level burgers!
7:30 I always thought Nick Solares on Meat show was talking out of his ass when he used words like "Maillard reaction" or "Flame reaction" until George explained what it meant just now.
I feel like I could probably be best friends with these guys. 

I share their passion for hamburgers. I always try to have a regional burger (or other food specialty) when I travel.
I thought Logan and the Blob were supposed to be enemies.
the Johnny Knoxville of burgers
jesus the man is massive, 6-7 years at best
I can't be the only one that is only subscribed for the Hot Ones episode? 🤔
A-mazing show. Keep 'em coming guys!
Love alvin but i honestly feel like he should take care of himself better. Its just like he gave up. take care of your health bro.
Shout out to my home state CT!!! New haven had some dope shows back in the day.
why does the burger expert look like johnny knoxvilles twin brother?
Ted's burgers cheese melting technique was very awesome.
eyy I was there 2 years ago xd
You should definitely check out AL’s in Chapel Hill NC
Shout out to Shady Glen from Manchester!!
I don’t think the Segway was a fan of your abuse.
Awesome DDD format, louis looked mega bland though.
Steamed Burgers are blasphemy !!!lol! They look raw,grey and gnarly.
Head upto Wisconsin and try some Geri's Hamburgers...
Every time i watch an Episode: Instant Hunger and craving for that Good stuff!
Truly an unforgettable luncheon!
Alvin needs to change up his wardrobe a bit tbh.
I'm pretty sure George Motz is Johnny Knoxville playing a character
as a CT native, i didnt know our burgers were supreme. but i did notice the local foxon park soda, which is the best
S T E A M E D   H A M S
Would love to hear your thoughts on the Garbage Plate from Rochester NY! Loved the video btw
George has quickly become one of my favorite people ever!
Alvin is gonna blow up.
Motz is like Bojack Horseman, but if you replaced the Alcoholism and existentialism with Burger facts.
So typical of an American to think they invented the hamburger
Shady Glen looking like a 1940s segregated diner.
"It's very horizontal" 
Me: staring at vertical lines
Motz is really a great communicator and enthusiast of the burger subject...Definitely, the best iconic places to eat in every city of the planet, are usually hidden from the public eye...
Ah yes, the Steamed Ham Program. One of my favorite shows on the “We Eat Before Anything” channel.
Trumbull CT GANG!
thank you The Burger Show, you made us love to not only eat burgers but research it in a magnificent way
George is like Johnny Knoxville's much cooler brother!
I watched this while eating the impossible whopper from burger king.
I wish I loved anything as much as George Motz loves hamburgers.
I saw jablinksi viewed this
I followed/sub/ liked
First We Feast getting us comfortable with George for when he takes over the show after Alvins inevitable heart attack
Ted's won this round
Burger Scholar please do your research. The first Hamburger was invented at Fiddlers weekend in Athens, Texas. Still going on at the same place one weekend a year, on the Court House square.
I kept expecting Daym Drops to show up...
Motz is a great guy! Love his instagram too, always delivering great content.
I swear that's Johnny Knoxville with not much make-up on!
Day 1 of asking First we Feast to get Gloria Borger on the burger show.
one of the best shows on youtube guys, keep it up!
Johnny Knoxville's older burger focused brother.
Matts Bar vs 5-8  Club?
Jeff Lassen is a hero, Louis's Lunch is a national treasure
Mix all 3 burger, do a square bread, steamed patty and cheese on that crispy 4 sliced cheese XD
Thanks for representing CT guys!!
You gotta come to Columbus, Ohio and have the Thurman Burger. That’s the burger that everyone comes to get during the Arnold Classic.
Season 2 is awesome so far 👍🍔
Says since 1895
**it's been making hamburgers for 118 years**  2:01
Old mate  looks like Johnny Knoxville in disguise💀
You guys should look up Burger Therapy in Scottsdale Arizona.
I could see why they get weird about ketchup, but why no Coca-Cola? Maybe it's just me being a southerner, but as the saying goes, "Coke Is It." Somebody drop some knowledge on me if you'd like. I'm actually curious.
no disrespect but that guy is slowly killing himself
mafuckas with guts like that are definitely on the cheeseburgers dawg
The big dude says "like" 31 times.
Not to be fucked up but the car is str8 up leaning the right while he pumps gas @ 0:18
Good Lord what is happening in there
Oh shit I actually saw an ad before this video with George in it. Pog

Also daym drops went to that first place because it was the lowest rated place in the area. Glad they liked it more than him lol
johnny knoxville’s dad is pretty cool 👍
George has that great, rough, old school, radio dj voice.
Subscribed for Hot Ones, stayed for The Burger Show
Sean schemell as the burger scholar! 😂
I'll watch anything with George Motz in it!
Thanks for making this video burger scholar!
alvin needs to find a salad scholar.
Dude I friggin LOVE burgers, this show is OH LA LA, terrific! Can't wait for after April 18th xD
Born and raised just miles from Louis lunch in new haven...best burgers around!

Yankee Doodle or “the doodle” in new haven had awesome burgers too they would serve with a little paper cup of red relish on the side but they closed years ago. Best burgers around hands down
"I could sell this at Coachella and make so much money" like, 5 tabs of acid for one single cheese crisp lmao
"Where my steam ham army at?"


Aurora Borealis
This guest is a living walking legend.... Burger King we crown U
No ketchup? Not even mustard?
Yesssss. More of this please!! 🍔🍔
I think one of the reasons why the Ted's burger is better than George's is because they make them all day and the water gets infused with flavor from the cheese and meat.
I know it works that way with hot dogs, but they are in direct contact with the water.
To try it at home I would use some beef stock in the water and see if it enhanced the flavor.
I dream of wearing buns and being studied by George.
I should be studying but here I am both procrastinating and salivating. Help.
0:43"Barely any clouds in the sky"  


0:45 - 0:48
Is that cheese wiz?
George called it cheese spread. But that looks like the wiz
I love when food is described as "fresh shit" 
sounds delicious.
As someone born and raised in CT I'm really excited to see this!  Also I apologize on behalf of my fellows in CT... We can be jerks.  That sign at Louis is there for a reason lol.
Respect the history of Louis' Lunch, but it legit taste like trash. Novelty only.
Yeah, I would 100 percent watch a show with George Motz traveling around showing off burger history.
Hey, I love this burger guy....but absolutely change your hair.
CT native. I got so much new pride cause IDK we invented the perfect fast food sandwich. I been using toast as a bun at home too without knowing I'm putting respect on my state's name.
Steamed ham 
principal skinner would like to know your location
Always a good video when George is in it!
Steamed?, yuk, no wonder America is the only place you can get them.
Love what George adds to these episodes....he's awesome!
1st burger really looked dry tbh.
Im genuinely concerned for Alvin, dude has put on so much weight which is really dangerous.
is it me or is the burger scholar secretly Jhonny Knoxville
my hamburger universe's getting larger everytime i watch him. So intriguing
Woah. Was not anticipating to see Nova Scotia prominently @ 1:24. Love it!
As a resident of Connecticut I give this video the seal of approval
Edit: I also vouch on behalf of Shady Glen having literally the best burger in the world
I can't help but feel this is an older Johnny Knoxville talking to me about burgers...
George is just my favorite. 😍
I believe I could make a close approximation of the steamed burger at home using my instant pot.
Barely any clouds in the sky. Switch to shot of cloud filled sky
1:21. Poor sound guy squished in the back hiding.
S T E A M E D     H  A  M  S
He kinda acts like Robert California from the office 😂😂
I've been to Ted's, great little tucked away joint. I'm gonna have to check out the other 2 joints.
@1:24 - Nova Scotia representin'!
These guys should hire Glenny from Barstool
George Motz looks like Johnny Knoxville in disguise.
👑🍔👑
     🙏
Steamed cheeseburger was my last meal before leaving Meriden. Now 2500 miles away from my first love, this video really hit me. Miss my streamed hams.
Yall need to do a chop cheese. But yo facts straight.
More of this please!🤞👏
George Motz the great has returned!!! First We Feast needs to do a spin off where he travels the country going to unique burger spots.
I've always wanted to see Connecticut,  if we ever get a chance to drive on out I think I need to convince my husband to do a burger tour
He should be a regular every episode. I love him and Alvin together.
Motz is always a pleasure to watch!
Burger show in central connecticut and no mention of Sycamore :(
Mickey-Lu Bar-Q
Vintage fast-food joint serving charcoal-grilled burgers, hot dogs, malts & sundaes since 1942.
1710 Marinette Ave, Marinette, WI 54143
its so crazy seeing how close this is to my house and yet I've never heard of any of these places
Old Johnny Knoxville needs to have his own show.
The third place looked the most interesting. The first place looked undercooked and I don't like their attitude. Second place seemed ok, I'm not a fan of the steamed burger. Has a meh flavor to me. 
That fried cheese flap at the last place looked interesting plus they had other things that looked cool like the ice cream and the decor.
George Motz's mutton chops get more action than most college freshmen.
Damn I want one of those sideways burger grills.
mmm... 🤔 I'll take a smash burger over these ANY day! folded cheeseburger looks cool tho
Just watched two of these eps because of Motz then after making cheese on toast there's a new one. Damn good times.
Louis lunch is such a good spot for burgers. The og burger joint. And I'm so hungry watching this.
Loved teds steamed burgers.  So tasty.  And the owners are really nice.  Now I’m in Arizona and miss that stuff lol
This show should always be these 2 travelling
Alvin, please take care of your health.
here to appreciate the composition of the credit scenes.
I kinda love this show
In-N-Out double-double animal style.
The mutton chop dude should be running the show rather than the fat dude
I see George I click the video. Absolutely love his passion and knowledge.
This show is underappreciated I swear
As a native of Central CT who has been to all three of these places at one point I’m glad you got to experience it. I saw you were going to Shady Glen on the preview for the season I didn’t know you were getting a grand tour. That was fun to watch and makes me want to go back and visit
My bro, come to LBOE in Memphis, TN
First we feast/ complex need to pay for my dude to get a person trainer because he is about to die. All these food he be eating my god
Alvin Cailan looking extra thicc
Louis' Lunch is bucket list-worthy.
Burger Scholar > Alvin
Alvin.... please for everyones sake including especially your own, please get your health and weight under control- that way you can really truly enjoy life and burgers.
gotdamn, is this guy Tom Arnold in disguise???
MORE BURGER SCHOLAR LIKE FOR VISIBILITY
Dude don't you have to be a level 2 vegan to get into Coachella?
Teds stinks. Louis lunch is the best burger on the planet. I live in new haven this video makes me proud
There is no way Alvin makes it to 40.
I think you need to change hosts or have them both co-host. George is a burger connoisseur, Alvin just a chef who likes eating burgers
Jesus First we feast, you might as well make this guy a full time host of this show at this point.
I would watch every episode twice if George Motz was on them
I'm gonna try and make a steamed burger at work. That shit looks goodd
Great show but I'll never understand that steamed burger that removes all the juice and flavor of the beef.
best episode so far, by far :) looks so damn yummy mmm
dude the car is literally tipping to the left lose weight
what about a piece of lettuce to go with the onions and maybe some pickles smh
Man I love waking up to great content
As a chef im always looking for my high cholesterol levels
George Motz needs to have his own show for sure.
George Motz sounds like a sane Alex Jones...
Big boy needs to stop eating them burgs god damn
The original hamburger was invented in Athens, TX.  NOT Connecticut
What a legendary video... Thanks for this guys, I'm starving
George Motz looks like Johnny Knoxville in makeup
Shout out Nova Scotia @ 1:24
Together with all other who live in Ånimskog - Sweden, I lament the loss of Bill's Grill. They tore it down to make a parking lot. 
That grill was one of very few places in Sweden that served the legendary Route 45 burger. It was a 250 gramm burger with tosted sesame buns, bacon stips, cheddar, roast oninons, tomato and iceberg lettuce. When the grill left, I moved into Åmål city instead.
I do give Louis props because they are still doing it after all these years. Old school in the best tradition, just don't pander and say you are the OG...you don't need a gimmick.
George is starting to look like Jason Nash
I didn't know you could see aurora borealis in Connecticut.
bruh louis' lunch is so good
This guy is actually getting worryingly fat
Can't really put a finger on it. I come from a country where hamburgers have no place in our cultural history so I don't have any relationship to it but somehow, I'm drawn to the culture revolving around the hamburgers, the perfectionism and tradition that comes with it. Keep it coming, guys, always a great watch.
Can George be the host already?
Awesome video, gents. And thank you, George, for letting us use your basement for our fight clu.....I mean, sewing circle.
That man is an uncle we all wish we had 😩
I had no idea that Wolverine was into Hamburgers
If Elvis and Johnny Knoxville  had a baby...
Alvin needs to stop doing this show man. I love the dude and he's funny but surely his health is a concern. He gets bigger every episode. I don't wanna see him in an early grave.
Burger show is my favorite show
LMAO the license plate! :D ♥
"bread, crunch crunch, bread" 10/10 review :(
Has George ever been to Rossi's in Trenton NJ?
Shouts out to Nova Scotia for that split second shot, I see you!
Love the Nova Scotia callout at 1:24
This is just the refreshing return to reality we needed after the abomination of last week's burger robot.
George is like Sebastian Bach (skid row) if he took a very different path in life.
50 to 60 pieces of accidentally leaked information... That's a lot of loose lips.
What's the best meat to grind in Canada... can't find chuck here!
Best show of the year on any network so far!
His show on travel channel was so good!
whoo they read our comments and got George Motz, he the best.
Elvis Lives.... 🇬🇧
Motz. How do I sign up to hang out with this dude?
George Motz knows his hamburger history lol
Love Alvin, love George, love this episode
Crazy I live right next to shady glen and me and my family have been going there since my parents were little
Watching this hungry..Bad idea 😭
Inquiring minds want to know, why isn't George as big around the middle as Alvin??
This man is going to die.
4:15 can someone explain that albanian flag?
Idk after dayms review I dont trust people saying how good that first one is
This Burger expert should have been the host imo
I miss living on the northeast, I only got to eat at Ted's once but it was so damn good.
when did Wolverine become so interested in cheeseburgers?
Sean Evans should interview mike Tyson!
i regularly watch this show and I go to yale and live literally 2 minutes from the first stop. If I had run into them there my mind would have been blown.
Ms Frizzle and her kids shrunk down in the magic school bus and entered Alan's arteries... they have never been seen since.
Does a Segway normally sound like that?
Been trying to convince the family to go to Louis' Lunch since my dad lives in Connecticut. My brother keeps saying no cause "Its just hamburgers on sliced bread and that's what we eat at home."
Holdup, isn't Louis' Lunch (first restaurant) is the worst review restaurant? Cause I remember Daym Drop made a video about this place.
George Motz, I ABSOLUTELY appreciate you! Thank you for your dedication.
"old school Enzo Ferrari" lol
Glad you guys respect Louis lunch. Some hack you tuber named daym drops just bashed them because he “wants it his way” like Burger King.
Are you guys sure George Motz is not Jhonny Knoxville in disguise?
Connecticut's hamburgers are our best kept secret!
This is easily my favorite series from y’all. I LOVE BURGERS
I was actually just sitting down to eat a breakfast hamburger and this popped up.  Perfect time FWF.  #dontjudgeme
Ted's burger is looking most prime.
I actually got an ad from this guy
Make George Motz a regular on the show he is awesome
I Grew up on that exact shady glenn and i never thought i'd see it here lol
Damn Love this show and want to grab a burger with these dudes!!!!!
Absolutely adore this show, maybe the best episode yet? Hats off to Alvin and George for bringing it home and making me want to plan an eating trip to CT.
Doing a show in my home state (Connecticut) was a good look! When y'all do the show about hot dogs & chilli in Connecticut, make sure to stop by Capital Lunch!
I live 10 minutes from Louis lunch and I think it’s very overrated and I have also ate at apple pan
A Toyota?!? I expected a little more interesting car action from Mr. Hamburger Scholar.
I grew up in Connecticut going to all three of these places as a kid- I’m so happy you went to shady glen!!!! That was my absolute favorite growing up and really made you feel like you were back in time. I honestly forgot about it until hearing it in this video again- Thank you!
MMM I think I would have folded that cheese on the last burger the other way and then it would be like a cheesy wrapped burger present for my mouth :D
Alvin stop doing this show ASAP. Health is wealth my brother pls save your life
Louis lunch is trash, live 30 mins away Dogtown in Milford ct has a burger worth driving for
5:13 jump scare there is a dude in theBACKSEAT!!!!!
Other go to school to get an education while he is grilling up satisfaction
The burger guru needs to join the show full time !!! I must learn all his secrets lol master
My state!  We got goooood Burgers and the original!
I've only been to shady glen and it was pretty damn delicious
This is the buddy movie we need. Alvin and George chasing the best burgers in USA.
3:49
Dang, the Enzo is actually considered a modern Ferrari. Now if you said something like the 280 GTO that'd be more "old school"...
I miss back when George hosted his own burger show. He's awesome.
I need some education. Why are people concerned about Alvin’s health or is it a meme?
George's laugh sounds like Jimmy Fallon
The crazy party about CT burgers is that Louis is the best burger you'll ever have and Ted's is the opposite. The steaming is a gimmick and the meat is bland and flavorless.
If he is referring to the car (3:42), that car is from 2002...
Not very vintage
this show takes "never trust a skinny chef"   to the next level and extends this concept to hosts.
Is that Johnny Knoxville´s dad?? 🤔
A seatbelt is supposed to go around your chest not your neck
I dont know how I haven’t been to the first place before
Learned something new today, had no idea that the hamburger was first invented in Central Connecticut 😲😆👍
My personal favorite burger is mugs up. KCMO. Loose meat burger, great Root beer. Awesome ppl.
That number plate is a huge flex
CT representin! Love me some Ted's.
Guys I love these series. I hope the burguer show will take you to the next level and make you both explore the burguer influence and variances worldwide. Obviously after discovering all US has in the menu 👍. Cheers from Mtl, Qc.
7:22 - That looks precisely like a dense piece of grey matter.
I didn't know Sean Schemmel was a burger guru.
Burger wolverine

burgerine
Nothing better than Louis!
CT repping☝🏻☝🏻
This guy needs to eat fewer cheeseburgers.
Alv my guy looks f'ed up.. Genuinely concerned
How large is that dude!
shady glen n the steam burger is a must have vist
This guy looks and talks like Sean Schemmel (the American voice actor of Goku).
Anyone else thing this dude sounds like Alex Jones?
This is what a burger show should be, some history, some local oddities and trivia, and some excellent burgers !
damn alvin slow down on the thickening routine
Looks like johnny knoxvilles dad or older brother lmao
I swear I'm waiting for George to break out a Kamehameha.
Alvin has become a bad host. Get rid of him pls.
Motz is better and more interesting.
I live next to Louis lunch, best stoner sandwich ever
Who else watching stoned?
segway was the true star of the show
I'd watch this if it weren't for that giant sweaty blob hosting.
Congratulations on simple mobile ad
“I can sell this at Coachella and make so much money” lmaoooooo 😂
Phantom hand in the backseat @ 1:19
Who downvotes this??? These 2 are so dedicated for burgers. I love to watch these VDOs!
"Barely any clouds out" next frame half the sky is covered in clouds
You HAVE TO try the Pueblo Slopper!!!
I gotta say, there's no better burger than one you get in some hole in the wall greasy spoon joint. There's good, there's better and there's best. There's no bad from places like these.
Someone should drop knowledge to dayum drops. Mans disrespected Louis  Lunch, smh.
i'd try it but, but i must admit i am very skeptical of the steamed burger holding up to grilled
God damn I love this show
More George motz we need to know everything he does!!
The Ferarri Enzo is 16 years old... that's all I'm sayin
I fucking love this season always fancy a burger 🍔 feel like I’m missing out here in the uk 🇬🇧
Burgers = Best Food

I dare you to @ me.
I'm hungry for the next episode in this series
Health and the bum fluff on his chin needs to go bro.
This dude is like a Ted Nugent/Elvis mashup.
Yay! Finally!
first we feast

on a feast of burgers
cmon the camerman/soundguy doesn't have to cower behind the driver's seat, let the man take a seat
it taste like hamburger....amazing
I love this dude. I wish we had more quirky, obsessive experts in other types of American traditional foods... hot dogs, fries, tex-mex, etc. That would make for an amazing ongoing series, but for now I hope you plan on having him back for many more videos!
Alvin boutta explode
i say this again.. why isnt the  "burger show" hosted by the guy who spent 18 years studying the burger  then some fat filipino who makes an okay egg sandwich  😒
Love burgers but watching that chef keeps reminding me of a heart attack waiting to happen
On a show as unhealthy as this, y'all need a host who knows how to take care of themselves
Alvin needs a god dam bra.
The Burger Show, Season 2: We haven’t killed Alvin yet, let’s give it another go!
That seatbelt is gonna break his damn neck...

Seriously dude, lose some weight... Please...
Difficulty breathing while sitting down.
I LOVE THE BURGER SHOW !!!
The guest and the host should switch places...for good. :)
The original hamburger? DEUTSCH!!!
Lose some weight god damn it !
More George!
1:19 THERE IS SOMEBODY IN THE BACKSEAT! THE BURGER-MOBILE IS HAUNTED!!!
yo make a bøfsandwich from denmark:)
Man since when did an Enzo Ferrari become old school. I must be getting old
This guy's blood has got to be at 40% meat grease.
ROAD TRIP!!!
Central CT represent!
That guy needs some cottage cheese and celery. Heart attack waiting to happen.
The actual host (who is prob a nice guy) doesn´t add anything to the show and looks worse every episode. Why is he still the host and not george? Help Alvin survive until 50+ by removing him from this show.
Damn that white dude is such a great host / guy. Keep on doing ur thing.
Screw the red light rule fart with the windows up n take deep breaths like men
LOVE THIS CHANNEL
Love these two, great show. Would love to visit any of these establishments honestly.
Jeez Alvin look a hamburger away from a heart attack.
George Motz could probably host when he passes away tho which would be great.
This is my first time watching this while actually eating a burger
So where is the best spicy burger in the US?
I’m not fat-bashing, I was fat for most of my life too and lost over a hundred pounds. But, I can’t focus on this show because the whole time I’m worried about Alvin’s health. I really hope he can figure it out.
Anyone ever heard of the Jam Burger?
Alvin is struggling for air when he is just sitting down. I take it he has 5 years left at most.
He looks like Jhonny knoxville in 7 years
Eating burgers with Wolverine Sr.
No doubt they like hamburgers that belly is all the proof I need.
Second burger is just how the crabby patty is cooked and looks like
Please on behalf of canada shave that neck beard
Yes.. a sequel! make this a series please..
we need to get rid off some BKs and McDs and replace them with these Master Burgers
I love george. His voice and sideburns are just sublime
Is that pickle boy? RIP angry grandpa
jesus in the the car, alvin is spilling all over the drivers seat. First we feast foul for paying him to die early
Hey it´s the Burger Show with the guy that eats himself to death (eventually). I hope he is going to be good in the long run. Seems to be a chill dude.
2:57  erm..your burger isn't cooked mate
You two are awesome together, and I learn. More.
best episode yet.
Alvin is a terrible host.
>film crew hiding in the back
Really like the dynamic Greorge brings.  They make a great duo.
4:16 top right corner the beautiful Albanian flag 🇦🇱 AYYYYYYY 💜
So tired of this BS, "we don't allow ketchup" nonsense. It doesn't make you cool. It doesn't bring you more business. It just makes you a douche nozzle for thinking everyone needs to eat a burger the same way as you. Super cringey.
MA resident, headed one state south, about 20 minutes ,to get some steam burgers
George is great for this show!
You said we were having steamed clams.  NOOO steamed hams......
Its 10  pm and i want milkshake because of that video
I clicked the video because he looked like Ted Nugent.
That closing line, wow
Did anyone else get his Simple Mobile ad right before this vid? Haha. Hustlin’ hard.
learn a lesson : nothing is "very unique". it's either unique or it's not. it's basically saying "very dead"
Been at UConn for 4 years, thank god they made this episode so I can get all these burgers before I leave <3
Juicy Lucy Burger?? That is the best burger in the Midwest.
Shady Glenn was my childhood
wow Johnny Knoxville got old
All the episodes are great.. But this was my favorite so far
love the show, worry about alvins weight though
Seeing anybody press down on a burger patty while it's cooking puts me into a rage.
Welp I’m going to new haven now, not that far.
Damn Alvin, drop 100 lbs bro our you won't wake up one day or vaporlock in the kitchen..
Ted's restaurant's mascot is literally chad
5:05 why is that person hiding in boot 😂
Steamed Ham Army 4 Life
bruh i literally had an ad of him
I love this show but I’m really concerned about Alvin’s health. I’ve been obese before and it led to a lot of health problems when I was still young (8 yrs old) he’s gonna need a lot of work if he doesn’t wanna get sick.
No hate because I love you guys and this show but why does my mans over here look like a capybara?
George reminds me of Sean Schemmel's older brother or something lol (Voice of Goku in DBZ)
Burger Jay leno
The James May of burgers
"We were somewhere around New Haven on the edge of the suburbs when the hams began to take hold."
everyone comments on Alvin's health as we all support him eating multiple hamburgers a day lol
Connecticut represent!
Steamed hams but in irl
What a great video! Makes me want to do a food road trip too! :)
Just give Burger Scholar his own show before you die of a heart attack
Yo 1:18 look at the back 😂
Maybe you should not drive like a maniac. That could be dangerous. Aw, just kidding. I drive like a maniac too.
Been to all 3 👌
This guy needs his own show. He is great
I really like this guy but his life style doesn't bode well for a long life.
That "toast burger" seems like the most annoying thing to eat. I also hate burger buns that are too toasted so not my favorite in general 😂
Inwant that 2nd burger now that cheese looks hella good
Alvin’s west coast energy vs the guru’s east coast energy is pretty apparent in this episode.
I seen this before on food network
Give Dr brown and  Enrique engalisas a show
Run one mile for every burger you eat and you'll be good man.
Alvin sounds like he was 7000ft high
Dog just shave the sloppy scruff already
Is anyone else concerned about Alvin’s weight ????
Motz = real life Old Man Logan
George looks like Johnny Knoxville
Youre arteries must be worse than rush hour traffic....
I thought the title said "The Ultimate Religious Burger Road Trip..." and I was like "Hell yeah! These two are faithful while munching on burgers!" :D :D :D HAHAHAHAHA
i really love this wolverine😍😍😍
When you gonna do a Carolina Style burger?
I love the show but it feels a little bit like watching an Amberlynn Reid all you can eat fried chicken mukbang video at times =\
I hope you end up going to Thurman's in Ohio
Why does George Motz look and sound like a movie villain?
What’s the deal with Louis Lunch not serving Coke?
Alvin looks like he's about 1 burger away from a heart attack
Now poor central CT is gonna have a massive tourist surge
Shoutout Nova Scotia at 1:24 mark !!! Nice little surprise there haha
..i love it when hosts say "wow" like a second after they've taken a bite, you haven't even tasted it yet!
Louis is trashhhhhhh bruh omg
3:47 “old school Enzo Ferrari”
Enzo Ferrari is a modern car hahahahahhahaha
I love George Motz
wolverine found a hobby
Burgerboss is back!
George Motz has the coolest job on earth.
Love the Burger Show
I really dislike Alvin and this video just strengthens that there are much better hosts for this show George being the strongest candidate
Fire Alvin, hire George
Skinner!!
Ted, you're an odd fellow but you steam a good hamburger!
9:43 oh my aren't we fancy!
go to bin4
all burgers look tasty but Alvin needs to watch his size and health, we need him hosting this show for the next 20 years
What’s your favorite burger on the west coast? Any in AZ??
How does the burger guru prep his ideal burger is the real question.
I'm pretty sure this guy is a Ben Stiller characrer
HOLD THE L
More George Motz, yesssssssssss
🇦🇱 Represent 4:16
He knows the secret krabby patty formula...
Dude drop that weight before it's to late. Not worth your life.
1:24 as a Nova Scotian I approve.
I absolutely love to see Bear Grylls in this show, please asking to join
Put Alvin on a gym and replace this guy! For Alvin’s sake and our joy.
First burger was still talking
getting weird BA vibes from this video
why is alvin so GODdamn cringy?
1:20 I think you have a killer in your back seat.
Whoa, Albanian flag at Louis Lunch
Wow.... makes me hungry.
people sleep on ct, we got rich burger and pizza history, new haven specifically.
Luis is the best burger I've ever had
Y’all gotta get Hopsin on Hot Ones
First one looks like me getting desperate throwing together dinner
Yay Connecticut! Yay New Haven!
Hi Alvin, would you and the professor consider doing a video about the best fast food chain burgers that are under $3 each?
Wendy's Double Stack, McDonalds Double Cheeseburger, Burger King Double Cheeseburger, Double Cheese Krystal... others, then "Frankenstein" the best qualities of the value menu burgers in a kitchen?
1:19 i spy a hand
The burger scholar would be a great show
Thank for leaving babish at home, the skill gap its too deep!
Old Man Logan enjoying his retirement plan
james may of burgers!
Can you bring back 'Curry Shop' please? I miss that show. and it's way better than this
Just have George host the show, geez.
Now this is road trippin!
that seat belt is about to put you in arm lock chock becareful
Watching this when you're hungry is absolute torture
Does anyone else think the burger expert looks like Johnny Knoxville in a disguise?
this show never fails to make me go out and get a burger somewhere
3:00 this guy makes an absolute mockery of the term "Wow!"
Alvin needs to take some advice from Tom Keridge or he dead.
You should check out Kewpee in Lima, ohio next. Simple and delicious
Yes!!!!! It's here the burger scholar guy!!!!! Can we please have this as a series with you two
bro just shave already
These guys are smushing ground beef into a tin and its blowing his mind
Burger ✌️❤️
Great episode, keep it up.
208 vegans watched this video
Yes tell em how burgers make your feel
Interesting how Japan has the Hamburg steak too. 
It is cool how food spreads around the world.
I remember Daym Drops hitting up Louis' Lunch. The burger didn't look impressive then and it still doesn't when you guys went.
YOU DON'T EAT WITH YOUR EYES. I"M STILL HUNGRY
Now I want to go on a burger heaven trip to Connecticut. All the restaurants that were showcased in this episode made me drool a ton.
he looks like he could be johnny knoxville dad......lol
I like George's reminder to let your local burger shack know what they mean to you. Running and staffing these places seems like tough and thankless work, but burgers are a quintessential part of Americana and although we're all super grateful, we probably don't express that gratitude enough.
are the owners Albanian what's that Albanian flag at 4:16
no one ever says Louie’s Lunch is a good burger.
Yum.  I want.
Why not cook the burger all the way through😐
Patty Melt....
Wow. what an awesome series!
There is a Ninja holding a note in your back seat at 5:04
Amazing!!
1:21 my guy it’s not that serious you don’t need to hide the people in the back
Yo I live in Connecticut. I recognize so many sights and so many burgers.
yoooo, there was no color at all in any of those restaurants..lol... big man was the only hint of tint..
Does he have anything else to do
Geezuz Alvin cannot fit in the car
Lol I just got an ad about u
so good!
Where’s joker productions at?
What a trim young man
I live in ct and I go to Louis once a month
Man that burger on the thumbnail looks like TRASH
8:38 the amount of stress and tension released from the cars wheels
Great to have Sean Schemmel's brother as the preserver of burger history!!
Of course every burger is mind blowing for him
glad i live 5 mins from shady glenn :) feat. my sister! try it out guys seriously.
Getting a heartattack just by watching
2 words; squeeze inn
None of these seem good
lol just the show the crew sitting in the back seats. It's less awkward than catching a glimpse of a dude tucked behind the driver's seat in secrecy
These guys are like hamburger neckbeards
I would love for the burger show to just be you two guys! This episode was really awesome.
8:40 who is that in the cargo area of the car ?
Wolverine looking good.
That hand at 1:19 startled me greatly
that cheese oozing out of the steamed burger fuuuuuckk
used to live in Winnipeg.  i judge all burgers by the standard of VJ's Drive Inn.  none compare.  its an episode.
Aye new haven
Alvin has a death wish, don't say we didn't warn him
wtf with the guy hiding in the trunk
That guy needs to watch his weight o.o thought they would have like a half of burger each, they ate 3 in one day.
im all for that first restaurant, the original hamburger i love that you get what the cook makes, you dont get it your way. i just dont really understand why a coke isnt allowed? that surprised me.
1:20 who's hiding behind the seat D:
The Squeeze inn in Sacramento CA has been doing a Crispy Cheese burger for so long. Im so disappointed that the quality has gone down him a bit in the recent years but its still worth checking out Alvin.
George Motz is the coolest person ever
every time i go to meriden i feel like im going to be stabbed. sketchy place...
George is a hero
go to 8:48, close your eyes, listen to this guy and imagine DrDisRespect
Alvin this is getting out of hand...
Get trailer park boys to go on the show
Steamed Hams.
You need to get Brad from BON APPETIT YouTube channel on the show please
That Segway gon die
Alvin start lookin at your life mannnnnn
do heart attack grill next!!!
The meat on the first burgers was raw
Does Alvin change beanies?
Homie needs to start wrapping them things in lettuce
I could sell this at Coachella for so much money
I want George Motz’s life lol
let us know when you're coming to miami !! meet and greet
watching a heroein addict injecting some more... sad
Alvin seems ingenuine tbh
Swensons?
Well First We Feast I made it to your Video, despite your directions......
I thought hamburgers originated in Germany
For the segway
this guy looks like neil young lmao
Not down with steamed burgers
My father and I drove 4+ hours to visit family in Connecticut for the first time in over a decade and we stopped in at Ted's to grab a steamed cheeseburger before even saying hi to our family.  We stopped again the next day to grab another before returning to Maine.  They also have fantastic fries as well.
Don’t forget P.A.
Alvins hand looks like a burger bun
My man Alvin needs to lose weight
Yummy hamberders!
Connecticut!!! Born and raised
George looks and behaves like old but wise burger genius Johnny Knoxville ..... it would be awesome if in the next video he says” Hi my name is George motz and welcome to the burger show”
Yum, yes please!
That Guy needs to be in hospital!
“I could sell this at coachella and make so much money” wtf lol
Steamed hams?
FINALLY!
skinny people dont know how to cook
5:40 babe
I can almost watch this dude eating himself to death.
“Steamed hams”
I love Shady Glen!
Is that Mojo Nixon?
New Britain CT official Central Connecticut in the house
I actually went to Ted's after watching the last video. Never going to regret that.
Louis lunch is trash. Worst burger ever made. Undercooked beef, burnt onions on regular bread with fake cheese 🤢.
just hire george pls
i want those cheese crisps :O
My guy u gotta lose some of that weight. You are a walking coronary thrombosis waiting to happen
hes like an older american wolverine
The last burger looks hideous
At this point I think Motz is just a cohost
Motz: I’ve seen things...

Alvin: Like what?

Motz: I can’t tell you...




Dude...  come on...
Finally some Burger Show love for CT's best burgers (that's saying a lot).  Took long enough!

The worst part about growing up in CT and being close to Ted's and later Shady Glen when I was working in the mall in my teens and early 20's is that, particularly with Shady Glen, many other burgers around the country fell so short of the standard I thought was "normal".  Of course there's fantastic places all over the US, but to have so much variety and uniqueness in such a small area is something I was really spoiled on.  I won't even mention the fish n chips at shoreline stands, lobster rolls, Hosmer Mountain and Foxon Park birch beer or the quality of local ice cream in CT.

I grew up in Middletown, a 10 min drive from Meriden, and this is the REAL CT that no one sees.  People seem to think of CT as one big country club, but that couldn't be further from the truth.  Yes, you go down to the southwestern shore, (we call it the Gold Coast) where all the wealthy NYC business folks and celebrities have homes and it totally is that Stepford Wives suburban nightmare, but head just a little ways up to Bridgeport and you're in a depressed, run down manufacturing town that looks more like what most people think of when they hear the phrase Rust Belt.  Waterbury, Hartford and small cities like Willimantic are similar.  All that Connecticut wealth is down in Fairfield county.  Step 200 yards outside of Yale's campus in New Haven and you're deep in the hood.
that first burger was still running around
I would rather have those burgers 10 times over any "stunt" burger.
Anyone else get an Alvin Cailan ad on this video?
Dude... Hamburg Germany? That's where the Hamburger was invented lol. Totally started the show off wrong.
When I grow up I wanna be a Burger Lord.
The old guy is much more interesting
I thought this show was about steamed clams?
Cheese crisps made me water
"It's the water!" What a good watch
He talks like Bojack Horseman
why is that all these burgers get a WOW AMAZING type of comment. How many times do these burgers really just taste plain and not delicious
They should have gone to Plan B, too!
Alvin can go to all the stops in one episode
🙏❤️
George the burger scholar shoulod be in every episode
Vintage Garage Old School Enzo Ferrari... If you don't know about something, don't talk about it. The Enzo Ferrari was released in 2002. How is that vintage?
Well, this must have been filmed last year - Green trees are not happening in CT, nor would they be there in short sleeves!
Is that chumlee? Is he trying to pawn burgers now
I think the reason why George Motz is fun to listen to is his delivery. I know Alvin says "right" a lot and can sound dead but I think he's a smart dude who knows his craft really well based from his other videos. It's just that when he talks, I get depressed myself. It just sounds so sloppy, sleepy and monotone. Like he's on infinite siesta dude waiting to wake up. Like watching him makes me want to increase my playback speed to x2. He could learn a lot from George Motz being TV ready.
Goku?
Dude is like Wolverine if he was never turned into Weapon-X, and chased burgers for the rest of his mortal life
It's nice to know Connecticut has more to offer than insurance and women's college basketball.
This is the best show on the internet and i wont be satisfied until every burger joint nation wide is documented
can he tie his shoelaces?
name a bite , he didnt say wow to ?
Yo I straight up went to Ted’s last month on a trip from New Jersey
Yea CT!
watching people cheers with food is cringe AF
I've been to Louis' lunch and it was probably the worst burger I've ever had.
This makes me want to move to Connecticut
5:17 is there someone hiding in the back??
This show and the pizza show, are my favorite shows on Youtube
I'm from Australia, been a hot one's fan for ages but only recently started watching heaps of the burger show, it's really got me wanting to do a burger tour of america, maybe east to west and going down the belt in the middle. I mentioned it to a few friends and they want in too so am really looking forward to hopefully doing that ahah.
Why does that guy look like an older Sean schemel
Bahhhh!
Poor Segway
My man alvin we love you and the burger show, but for christs sake we want multiple seasons so for the love of the fans and yourself...eat a god damn salad inbetween shooting epidodes!
Sounds like Belethor
Badland chugs brotha but for burgers xd
Bro This man really needs to lose weight so he can live a long life
I want george
I love this show.
it's funny thing counter broke
Amazing episode!! Everything looks delicious!! Keep it up !!
This new season just HAD to come on during the time I've sworn off eating burgers for a year. 2019 is 'sposed to be my 'lean year', but you guys are not making it easy for me, goddamn.
Juggernaut and wolverine are hunting for burgers now?
Honest if you want a brioche bun bring it with you the rest all good
I'm sorry, Kaelin's in Louisville KY is the OG cheeseburger
nobody knows the history.... yet they using dutch implements... the kind you use for raclette cheese melting.... and somebody replace that segway with a treadmill or some good shoes... we wanna see ya round for a while not just a moment chef
Love this ♥️
1:24. Nice.
Both got some nice shades
Why is no one concerned for this guys health
old school enzo ferrari

old school???
how old am i???
Burger Jesus
I know Louie’s is iconic and everything, but the word around the street is that it’s actually not good and very bland
alvin yo beard outta hand
9:19 just watch
mmm, steamed hams
No mayo!
Come on bro Alvin take care of your self
The burger guru is back!
Please look after your health , not only do it for yourself but those that care about you. ❤️
This dude is the laid back rich uncle i never had
When did Ted Nugent start liking burgers so much?
Foxon park logos⬅️➡️
1:19
Who's hand is that on the back seat tho
I love this show
He is so stoned lmao
they look raw
Ummmm Is that wolverine?
B I G    B    U    R    G   E    R
I           O
G          I
The burger scholar needs to be the host.
My state and you didnt stop by?
we want more georgie boy
CT baby!!
Just give George the show
Petition for Alvin and George to do a series touring America, eating burgers, being legends.
8:38 theres a guy in the trunk
Alvin's gonna die
Alvin cant even a single sentence without being short of breath! no more comments people, go out and find this man and get him jogging!!!!!!
George motz's face is the real face of america
only the last one looked good
I was at work today and made myself no joke the best burger I've ever had. Freshly ground organic California beef, 8.25 oz patty divided in two, balled up, salted and peppered. Squashed on flat top skillet. American cheese, housemade 1000 island dressing, house sauerkraut mixed with diced b&b pickles, nueske's bacon. The bun was baked two hours prior at the in house bakery thirty feet from my line.


Fuckin' bliss. Burgers are a goddamn miracle.
He looked like mall cop at the end
go to san diego and visit hodads
The cheese has a "squeakiness" like halloumi? What does squeakiness mean, because halloumi is absolutely nothing like what was in this video..
I've been an avid fan of The Burger Show from the beginning and feel the producers seriously need to consider signing GM on as the host. His breadth of burger knowhow is on an entirely different another level to Alvin's; there's literally nobody better qualified for the job. But maybe they were going for a "the host will learn as he goes along with the viewers" approach.
i like at 9:42 when the server said "excuse my reach" i used to say that as a server and was trained that way.
Yo is it just me, or is there a hand in the backseat @1:20
Okay I really REALLY want to hear and see what George Motz thinks of international burger culture and how it's developed out there. Around the world in 80 buns?
Where are the wings?
Seems like i have seen all of these on the show before......
I got an ad from him on this vid
Great show guys!
Yo you guys should come to Hickory Park in Ames, IA. They got this "garbage burger" with kraut and onions and mushrooms and all sorts of good shit
This guy reminds me of an older johnny knoxville
I think I need to stop watching this until Alvin shaves, because that beard is honestly one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen.
Old school Enzo Ferrari ?!????!
I take my Lois Lunch plain, with onion, and my boys their cheeseburger, no toppings.  I always get some of their potato salad, and we wash it down with Foxon Park.  Ted's is you love it or hate it, and I love it.  I need to get my crew up to Shady Glen.
It’s ironic that he’s doing a show about eating burgers with a guy that weighs 400lbs 😂
It’s hard to watch him host a burger show while he is morbidly obese, look at the car scenes.. the belly is huge , don’t get me wrong I love the show and Alvin but at this point is worrying and kind of wrong
I love this show
Great episode!
Great episode!
All of these places are super close to me! Repping for us connecticut folk lol
more
Please get Danny Koker on Hot Ones!!!!
That was the sound a segway makes when its dying
Alvin is huge
must be nice to have your own commercials in the middle of your own show...
Why doesnt the Burger Scholar just host the show. Alvin just eats and pretends everything he has is the best burger hes eaten so far. Literally anyone could take his spot
Guys the alvin health comments and george motz host wishes go hand in hand. When alvin... you know, goerge can take over
Excellent!
Having lived in Meriden, CT, and being a burger junkie, I can confirm that all three of these places are amazing. Walking into Louis Lunch is like walking into an ancient temple devoted to the religion of the hamburger. If you are a disciple of the beef patty, you have to make the pilgrimage and pay your respects at some point in your life. Ted's steamed burgers are the juiciest, messiest burgers but they're so good that you will fight to keep it all together just so you don't lose a single morsel. And that melted cheese is glorious. As they noted in this episode, Shady Glen is like a living, breathing time capsule. You'll go for the fried cheese but you'll stay because the burgers, fries, and milkshakes are all incredible.
Replace the host
I've been to Louis Lunch a few times when I was in New Haven last year. If you go, go during the day outside of a rush hour so you can sit and dont go after the bars. The burgers do suffer when they are jammed up but they are good outside of the rushes
You guys are always on burgers but you have yet to try “the one”
Imagine getting matt stonie on this
Everybody be fake American nice please! Smh... alvin you’re fat, unhealthy fat.. get your act together land whale. George you rock, keep up the good work.
So I grew up and still live in Manchester, CT and a big part of my upbringing was going to Shady Glen to celebrate all sorts of occasions. Seeing you guys get to experience them made me so happy! Enjoy and lemme know next time you come back!
Alvin's beard is kind of pubey.
Good burger history
the big homie looks wild unhealthy
I would be so nervous to be shaving my sideburns in like that daily I would nick them and have to cut them back until I just got annoyed and cut them all off
worried about who was in the trunk...
Isnt it called hamburger because it was invented in hamburg?
Dr.Burger
Alvin’s gotta lose weight
mmmmmmm steamed clams!
B-Bops! Hands down.
1:52 My man just winked at me
I love shady glen so much my friends and I go there every Friday, the Bernice is officially part of my diet, if you guys ever come back through CT you should swing by colchester and visit Harry’s, it’s in my opinion Connecticut’s best burger
Is that Ted Nugent?
Everybody is pushing for George to replace Alvin as the host, and I agree, but judging by the size of Alvin these days, George might actually end up replacing him sooner rather than later. He really needs to make some tough decisions and start getting healthier, otherwise he isn't making it past 50. Sad to see.
No coke? Big oof!
Feels uncomfortably like a feeder morbidly enabling someone towards their ultimate demise
Old azz yung gravy
Tomato but not ketchup? Gross.
Is this guy Sean schemmels brother or something???
I would murder a litter of puppies to have that burger experience right now.
Don't hamburgers originate in Hamburg?
Damn now I’m hungry
this is what happens when you eat working mans food and not work
i dont think he should eat another hamburger if he values his life
Can season 4 of this please just be Alvin and George hanging out and eating weird burgers?
The burgers were raw still.No thanks!
Shady Glen >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Alvin is getting even fattier
Whos laying in the far back of the car readin?
Super awesome video 👍
This is motz’s show not Alvin’s. Sorry.
A meatloaf on toast is not a burger.
The first rule of hosting a food show should be "Don't talk with your mouth full." Because, please, stop doing that.
It's 8am guess I'm having a bacon n egg cheeseburger for breakfast.
This guy should have been the host.....
So this is what wolverine has been doing in his retirement huh
Patented skinner burgers
I feel bad for this guys body
Theres a really cool burger place you should check it out it’s called planet fitness
Alvin is gonna die if he doesnt change
Love the show, would be really cool to see an episode where you try to make some of these types of burgers with beyond meat to see if it's possible to make something like a steamed cheeseburger with beyond meat and see how close it is to the real thing.
George should take over, Alvin should focus on his health this show isn’t helping him.
I WANT
Omg yes
you should go to SA TX mark outings burger's they have a ice cream burger
how do i make MY job just going around eating burgers :(
"Old school like an Enzo Ferrari?!?!?!?" Alvin, I know 2003 was 16 years ago, but the Ferrari Enzo is anything but old school. Stick to burgers - we love the show! :)
Looks like you are inside of a cheese burger... 🍔
Dude stop eating. You are going to die
These guys show me the direction I do not want my life to take
Why is Sean schemmel talking to me about burgers
Louis burger looks like crap.
How wtf do you think about new York and California when talking about burgers Lool I think most everyone would say the south
Old school enzo Ferrari????
Steamed Hams
Who else googled Alvin Cailan weight?
Alvin needs to do something about his health, he’s not fat anymore he’s extremely obese and on cruise control to an early death. Hope he reads this
Just watching these guys makes me want to diet hard.
i'm a picky eater but all of those burgers look delicious.
The big dude needs to have an intervention or he gonna die !
They must have filmed this last summer
I like this show, but this guy should not be eating all this shit and hosting a show about eating high calorie food. He should be hitting the gym, and eating good healthy food, get the older guy to host the show.
Can’t believe I’ve been to 2 of these 3 places!!
Alvin finna be tryin all the burgers or dies trying
Yale
All these "worried about Alvin's health" comments is basically like bullying the fat kid during school lunch
You guys are enabling that fat dude to live an unhealthy life...
Do a hot wings with rapper stitches
ground meat on bread i would guess is way way older than 118 years, or even the few years earlier state fairs claim.  i would imagine man has been eating "hamburgers"  since both bread and meat were simlumtaneously available
This boi better lay off the burgers or he’s going to be dead in a few years
Can you two just hook up and get it over with already!!!!!!!  :)
Honestly I can’t stand this fat guy
I like the host but he wont last long with this type of show,  his weight is already insanely unhealthy.
No offense to the big man but the other guy would be a better host
Steamed Hams
There’s a strict no ketchup rule at Louis don’t even ask or you’ll be asked to leave it’s an insult and the burgers are so damn good you don’t need it. Teds are good but because of the way they are made they are greasy as hell super greasy
Before I've watched guessing most comments are about how fat the host is?
George Motz? I’m watching.
Hamburger isn't from America its from Portugal. They used to put a solid cooked meat patty between bread and eat it. That's where Y'all got it from.
Can you get a new host for this show? Right now the show makes me not want to eat burgers
Alvin, we all want you to continue doing this great work you do, but dude you really need to loose some weight bud, this is not fat shaming its just for the sake of your health buddy.
Why George lookin like the mayor of whoville from how the grinch stole christmas?
Louis’ Lunch is disgusting.
I would maybe suggest Conte's on york ave and like 88th or 89th. Id get them on bagels because they rsn out if buns. Even grilled toast white bread one time. He ground up special mixtures too. I worked in a building nesrby quite often when i was back there. Always stopped in when our paths crosses.
I love burgers but seeing that fat guy, I don't love it so much.
Bro needs to cut back on the burgers 🍔 ! He don’t even fit in the 3rd diner spot they went to !
my boy Alvin should seriously consider losing some weight
Alvin’s getting so fat, that his skin can’t keep up with the pace.
How and why is Alvin the host of this show? He doesn’t know anything about hamburgers.
Mmm, Steamed Hams.
Can’t stand either of them, but I’ll send this to my friends who are traveling to CT against common advice. If you have to be there, eat good food. But don’t be there, because it’s CT.
GET PEWDIEPIE ON THE SHOW!!!
It’s also nice to know that eating a burger on regular bread/toast is kind of like eating an original hamburger
I like this Alvin guy. But every time I look at him, I keep getting this stern reminder of what will happen to my mortal body if I eat too many damn cheese burgers. It's very distracting.
1:18 Who the hell is in the back seat?!?
Louis Lunch IS NOT the OG. Everyone in the real part of the world knows that the origination of the hamburger was in Seymore Wisconsin at a county fair at least 10 yrs earlier. Louis Lunch only gets credit because they are on the East Coast and they have a good publicist. Enough lies and self promotion already.
I'm pretty sure the birthplace of the hamburger is Hamburg
Im not much of a snob , if I have to eat with a knife and fork , its not a burger 
 but most American burgers won't fit into anybody's mouth , just messy.
Original hamburgers were from 12 century so bread and meat could be easily eaten .

Hamburgers don't have cheese , they are called Cheese burgers , duh
should change name to silly bugger show
We need pewdiepie on hot ones
Are you eating burgers with Sean Schemmel?
Eh I’ll take some in n out instead
Alvin doesn't have the charisma to run his own show. Sorry :/
He gets bigger every video
Why didn't I get to see bog boy eat the second burger? Was it that bad?
George should just host the show. Its not like hot ones where if Sean leaves the show will suffer it will only get better
Alvin Cailan will sadly die young due to his morbid obesity.
Schemmel is that you
Daym drops said Louis lunch is trash numerous times
Epic number of people involved in making this awesome series but no thanks, only hate for the big guy. Keep ‘em coming Alvin ✊🏻✊🏻✊🏻
Looks good.cut your hair dude and lose some weight bad job for him.
Interesting disembodied hands at 1:19
I love the fact that nobody even mentions how morbidly obese this man is. It's just an everyday thing in America
how much are they charging for a broiled hamburger on white with cheese spread? I get the feeling this place is more pretentious than a hipster joint
he needs to go easy on those hamburgers.
Connecticut is so close to my home state rhode island
Guys you should seriously not have a guy like that hosting this show. You are going to put him in the ground very soon
his car reference was horrible
pretty sure we here in Europe have another history of Hamburgers
Are we not going to address the elephant in the room?
This fat man may die any moment....
Anyone watching this while living in Connecticut? :D
Wtf is with the arm in the back at 1:19?
I honestly can’t stand how fat this guy is
Why does Sean Schemmel know so much about burgers
Next time you come try O'Rourke's diner in Middletown Connecticut for a steamed burger. But grew up going to Shady Glen that cheese takes it to a whole new level and the ice cream.
Even though I’ve lived in California for 30 years, one thing that’s a must when we visit our Connecticut family and friends, is a stop Route 44 in Manchester at Shady Glen for a “Bernice” (big cheese burger, fries and cole slaw), a chocolate-peanut butter milkshake and a 1/2 gallon of Pistachio ice cream to take home.  Have also been to Ted’s and enjoyed the steam burger as well when in Meriden.  Have yet to get to Louis’s Lunch in New Haven but it is on the agenda for our next visit.  Less is more when it comes to burgers and keeping it simple and good is what Connecticut fast food Cuisine is all about.  Maybe it was because we were starving coming back in the late afternoon from the Rhode Island beaches, but a stop at Harry’s in Colchester (just basically a white shack with a counter) became somewhat of a summer ritual.  Ahh, the memories.
*Insert Simpsons steamed hams joke*

Also shout-out to my hometown Manchester!
How can youtube allow such pornography?
Louis' Lunch absolutely did not invent the hamburger. The first hamburger served in the US was by  Fletcher Davis in Athens, TX back in 1880. Louis' didn't exist until 15 years later. Take away their history and these guys just make unseasoned hamburger meat on white bread and they're surprisingly pretentious about it. Don't be fooled by that place, there are far more appealing places to eat in New Haven. Also side note, Shady Glen is SO worth it!
I got an burger ad
Very cool thanks guys
steamed burgers looks disgusting....
Real talk the Louis burger looks like hot trash, sorry.
This is seriously not a burger trip. Anyone, with a modicum of food savvy could make any of these burgers and more than likely, better.
does the fat guy ever consider a diet. or new cloths?
Nothing more American than a hamburger show with a mordibly obese host.
Fatty needs to lose weight before he dies
Calvin you needa watch your weight man legit worried how big you’ve gotten. You won’t see this but I hope you do.
Man lose weight
Louies lunch is the worst restaurant in america. Not just the first burger joint.
Jesus Christ! that do needs to eat a salad every once in a while he weighs about 600 lb
this chef looks disgusting
Damn white people do love there burgers
He’s gonna die soon and then the internet is gonna be like “rip ___”
Cool video.
dont mean to be rude or anything. obesity kills and you should start to lose weight, especailly from those visceral fats.
Fatty probably gonna die soon
can you imagine these hogs blasting their vile and putrid gas into your gullet?
Just make it with the burger lord. Get rid of this fat hamster cheeto
Dude, you don't even look like a human anymore. You gotta lose some weight. This is not healthy. Maybe change the show to the fruit and veg show.
Lotta people getting worried in these comments... hopefully Alvin will take a break from burgers for a while and hit the treadmill
While I'm sure the steamed burger tastes good, the idea of it, soggy wet ground beef with no maillard crust, sounds gross.
Burger Scholar: Actual Burger Knowledge

Alvin: imma eat some more burgers
Shoulda posted this yesterday....cause that burgers a JOKE.
Whenever I see Alvin I don't want to eat burgers anymore, there must be some kind of employee health program or something that can get this man to lose some weight. It's just something about a morbidly obese person stuffing their face that makes me feel nauseated. Even I, a fat (6'2/220lbs) guy is bothered by this. Get this man some help before it's too late.
It's not ok to be fat!
Wow and I thought the squeeze burger in Sacramento CA. was the only one with a cheese skirt and I have been going there for 30 years... But now they suck because they lost that authenticity!!!!!
food videos are my go to on diets, i hate my diet
I’m sorry, born and raised ct. American steamed in Wallingford is by far better then teds. Go try it, if you don’t like it then that’s okay too! But I highly recommend
He really needs to stop eating burgers, he is literally going to die early and that isn’t funny or entertaining.
Those Louis Lunch burgers look awful.  There's a reason nobody uses toasted white bread on burgers anymore, and you don't serve burgers rare throughout.  No reason for them to act like they're all high and mighty about their trash sandwich.
So apparently most burger restaurants are owned by white people and, if you were to believe this show, only serve white people. At least that what you see as customers and proprietors. Got it! I, for one, don’t think that George should be the host. It’s Alvin’s idea, therefore he gets to run with it. But, Alvin, look out for yourself. This ain’t a good look, on a lot of levels.
Hope you do more shows like this. Instead of random celebs who just eat burgers and have no idea what they are talking about. Other than,"It's good, I like that.". Would rather a show about burgers that travels around to try them or with person like Burger Scholar or a chef. People who are actually involved in the right industry and have something to say. This episode is so much better than your newest one with Casey who freely admits during the show he doesn't know what he's talking about. And just happens to eat a lot of burgers, which doesn't make you some expert.
Morbid obesity should not be celebrated as it is in this series.  This person is literally killing himself, and is openly becoming a burden a healthcare system that could be used to help those that actually value their life enough to demonstrate enough self-control to not become so obese that they barely fit in a normal car seat.  This is disgusting, and should not be celebrated.
ALBANIA🇦🇱🇦🇱🇦🇱
Diabetes and heart disease please
This was great, please include George more him and Calvin work great together!
Is it just me but the sight of an severely obese person eating loads of food is kinda making it unappetising. Or do I have to see it as normal? It seems wierd.
No. The first hamburger originated in Hamburg, Germany... ffs
You were just in an ad for your own video





200 iq plays
HAND THE REIGNS OF THE SHOW OVER TO THIS MAN!
Alvin is sooooo fat... People actually care about his wellbeing instead of making fatjokes about the guy.
Seriously. Why do they keep giving him food? Every other guy that is that big that tells you he's eating a lot of burgers you'd laugh at. But here it seems like it's haute cuisine and it's totally fine that he almost can't move anymore.
The jersey burger is a great regional burger worth checking out. as the name implies its from New Jersey. Hard roll, with Patty topped with Taylor ham egg and cheese. optional ketchup. for those who don't know Taylor ham is a salty, processed pork product thats absolutely delicious but for what ever reason is only popular in NJ and parts on NY and PA. Taylor ham egg and cheese sandwiches AKA the jersey breakfast are great
Does this guy realize he is comically fat and sick? Like, anytime he moves he looks hilarious, and it's an actual tragedy. If he just spent 6 months looking after his body, he could have another 20 years of enjoying food, but he's too greedy, he's too sick, too depressed, he's a massive horrible addict and hecan't stop even though he knows he's dying. I wish he's get help he's such a nice guy.
My boy Alvin looking svelte compared to early episode 👍
5:06, Alvin man much love to you as a host but damn you need to lose some weight. That belt looks so uncomfortable on you; it's riding up to your chin man. I hope you stay healthy and at least show some effort in weight loss. I want to see you look more comfortable going on these road trips man.
steamed hams? really? 


that meme has been dead a LONG time
as much as I like the content, we are watching a morbidly obese man digging his own grave
I live in Central Connecticut and all of these places are amazing. Great to finally see them getting the recognition they deserve.
What Meriden is really king of? Sober Houses.
Alvin looks like he really needed those cheese crisps.
Man the guy looks like he's going to explode sitting in the car like that
First stop: a disgusting kitchen with 200 years of dirt, cheese spread on toast, raw meat and the morbid obese guy says woooooooooooooow
Second stop: disgusting kitchen, a wet grayish looking burger and the morbid obese guy says woooooooooooooow
Third stop: just a regular cheeseburger with stupid cheese flaps and the morbid obese guy says woooooooooooooow
Not a fan of the comments disrespecting Alvin. The guy does a great job with the burger show. Its easily one of my favorite shows. Give this man the respect he deserves!
The Burger Show is better than Hot Ones change my mind.
False, the hamburger was invented in Hamburg Germany
Raw meat. smh. meat has to be fully cooked. if you enjoy meat like that, then just kill an animal and eat it on the spot without cooking it. 🤮
What does Alvin bring to this show?  Stoner soundbites?
0:42 "Barely any clouds in the sky..."

Literally all you see is clouds in the sky... Lol

How can I trust or believe this guy about these burgers if he lies about clouds?? Lol





just jokes, don't @ me
It's a shame George keeps parroting this claim that Louis' Lunch invented the idea of putting a burger patty on bread and calling it a Hamburger. No. That was already the case back in Hamburg. A "Hamburger Rundstück" was a patty between two slices of bread and is attested in 1869, 31 years before Louis' Lunch.
The first place they are at is actually reviewed as one of the worst places in that city. And they sit like damn that's good but in reality it's trash.
I always get ads that have Alvin in them and its super cool
Louis lunch IS NOT the originator...gets the credit because it's on the east coast. The Midwest rules all things...Seymore, Wi..home of the original hamburger.
Well you found who your host should be. And its not the guy you could make enough burgers out of to feed a country.
All of y'all saying Alvin should be replaced are frankly straight up rude. Alvin is a great host, he is chill, laid back and has a pure passion for burger. I think he really brings out the best in his guests. Motz is a knowledgeable walking burger encyclopedia who brings a lot to the show but I don't think it'd be the same or better without Alvin. This is Alvin's show, y'all need to be respectful.
That first burger on the bread looked like 90% raw beef. Nasty.
Connecticut isn't "the birthplace" of the hamburger. It comes from Hamburg, NY. Hence the name.
Such a good humble show 🍔
Two men joined together by their love for food. Amazing
I love the reference in the beginning lol steamed ham
lol you should do one episode with Randy from the Trailer Park Boys!
CT represent!
Nova Scotia hell yea
yummy, a raw mince sandwich :/
Tell me why I got a phone app with him in it while watching his video? Lmao
Try braums I'm Oklahoma or the oxen yolk in montana
Finally experienced the real steamed cheeseburger cheese, lol
Anywhere that says I can’t put ketchup on my burger can just eat it self.
Nice
not trying to be mean but i am i know, but Alvin is a big dude.. i would love to see him slim down abit.  seems very unhealty to be that big sorry 2 say but its the internet
These two have remarkable chemistry and a hell of a knack for hosting a food show. Id seriously watch a full 30 min an episode series around them trying food, any food, not just burgers.
So i take it hamburger came from Hamburg steaks which is from Hamburg, Germany
"burger scholar George Motz is what you'd call a road warrior." that last syllable almost hit the beat.
George motz = wolverine's daddy
I keep waiting for Bruddah Sam and Lina Girl to walk in mid-tasting
I absolutely love the burger show😍
Alvin ' I enjoy Hamburgers ' Cailan
George is a life coach
Make this show about the burger roadtrip
Johnny Knoxville
steamed ham army
alvin please...
just give me these guys every episode!! love it
More road trips, less celebrities would be good
Shady Glen is top tier! I used to go there all the time!
Considering louis was made on someone saying i want my burger this way. It seems ironic not too follow thst mentality.
That car they're in probably smells really bad.
Old school enzo ferrari?
The burger boys are back!
Βring PewDiePie pls
Gotta check out Swenson's in NE Ohio.  Great regional burger joint.
Ok guys, there is a dish named "Rundstück warm" in northern Germany (where the City of Hamburg is located) and its been eaten for at least 150 years. It translates to "roll/bun warm" and is beef patty/piece of a roast on a roll with sauce. You might want to reconsider your origination story of a hamburger.
This is easily my favorite episode you've done so far. It was like a Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives episode where you see the food on-location.
Enzo Ferrari is old school now? 😳
What kind of cheese was on the steamed burger?
Do to episodes with George! What a great guy
Dont let these videos take your life man... stay healthy
Finally he puts in Louis Lunch!!! I live 10 min from there.
What kind of cheese is on the steamed burger
Damn, somebody tell the host that exercise exists. I'm not joking when I say that the guy has few years left on his life at that weight. To maintain his current weight, he ingests thousands and thousands of calories more than the average person which is just ridiculous. You can have the pleasure of eating these types of foods, just fucking balance it! Exercise and have healthy portions!
So yummy!
Everyone forgets that Connecticut has the best pizza and burgers, the history goes all the way back with Pepe's and Louis Lunch.
Welp. I know what I'm having for breakfast. And lunch. And dinner. Burgers...
𝑺𝒄𝒉𝒐𝒍𝒂𝒓 𝒐𝒇 𝒕𝒉𝒆 𝑭𝒊𝒓𝒔𝒕 𝑩𝒖𝒓𝒈𝒆𝒓
PLEASE replace Alvin with George Motz ......PLEASE!!!!
Season 4 vegan burgers or this guys is not going to make it.
This guy is Sean Schemmels burger brother 🍔
even thought i didn't really believe the history of the og burger , it was the most intresting one i just feel we don't have enough evidence..
How did someone that smart get the origin of the Hamburger wrong? No it's not created by Americans, it even has HAMBURG in it's name. It was first made in the german city of Hamburg and then got copied overseas.
Alvin has top 5 beard game for sure
Definitely some tasty lookin burgers! BURGER ON!
Just woke up and im late for school so thanks for making me hungry
Louis Lunch is def legit
Nothing beats a hot and juicy burger.
ok but isn't the steamed burger just raclette
He reminds me of Kevin Costner in "3000 miles to Graceland"
I'm in the mood for some Steamed Hams
The Gary Bussey of burgers lol
hes not Alvin more like a Theodore lol
upstate new york dialect
George Motz lowkey looks like The wolverine
That burger broiler looks like a Victorian crematorium.
so this is NOT Will Ferrell in disguise?
#HopsinOnHotOnes
Why does Florida not have anything good like this anywhere? T_T
First We die of heart disease
heart attack show
Oh come on everyone knows that steamed hamburgers originate in Albany New York
Cook the f'in burger!! Don't gimme some raw sheet and tell me I'm the A-hole!!
Is it a pizza dough?
FIRST WE FEAST 💕💕💕💕💕💕
WoooHooo :D
Wait scholars for burgers
This tickles my tastebuds.
nais :)
Literally just got home with a takeout burger and you guys upload this. The burger gods are shining their light upon me today
Whos here under 500 views
Sh*t! I'm too early
Steamed Ham Army whattup!
Where’s the mccheese burger from jimmy neutron
New vid :)
I thought it was a COHERENT ... Gary Busey for a minute.
Is this going to be another meme
10th
Anyone else see the dude shoved behind the back seat at 1:19 or is that just me ?
Insert generic fat shaming comment, but while pretending to care about the chef's health.

Upvotes below folks uwu
Silicon Valley made a BURGER ROBOT! Do you think it'll replace humans?
Wow haven't seen Tory since mythbusters. Nostalgia INTENSIFIES.
I dont think you should have tried to match the amounts and just made a burger using the same ingredients... Like you said when you ate it, "needs more salt", you should have just made your burger.
I love Alvin but man someone help him lose weight. I don't want him gone too early
I bet the robot wouldn’t  put onions on tony hawks burger
your ad showed up on your own vid

congratulations, you paid yourself
edit: apparently you can run free ads on your own vids  this joke sucks now
I think having an ad with Alvin cooking a burger play before his burger show is a bit too meta.
The exact measurements seem unnecessary and took a lot of time though they certainly lead to consistency.  Robot never gonna mess up though could get a "paper jam" or tomato jam.
I think people are missing that this robot can make a burger in 5 minutes (12 per hour, right?)...BUT it can have ~11 running in various stages of completion at the same time.  It's actual maximum output is 130 burgers per hour.
Ps: get Tory back & involved as much as possible....great personality for tha Youtube-Feast-Hot-Ones Team!!
I definitely feel that if Alvin could use whatever measurements and weights he wanted, or just did it by eye he could totally make a great burger in five minutes.
my boy spongebob didn't face off against that burger-making machine to NOT get recognized 😤
Damn, thought this was a Hot Ones interview with Tory when the notification hit. XD
Someone, please explain to Alvin what every dealer knows: you don't use the product.
McDonalds employees: "We want 15 dollars an hour!"
Burger Robot: "Hold my oil..."
Next season Alvin will be wearing a moomoo riding around on a mobility scooter
high school teacher "you'll end up flipping burgers"
<builds automated burger empire>
But can the robot scream at you for more lamb sauce? Didn't think so
Yay Tory, we want more from him, please 😎
Man, Alvin's health continues to decline with every passing vid🙃 Such a good host and dude but he really needs some help
Is Alvin actually wearing a one piece? mind blown
I feel like following exact measurements wastes time for a person that is experienced in making burgers, he could have come closer. 
That said, I can see the appeal for regular fast food burgers, but a robot is still a very long way from how a chef would make a novelty fancy burger. Still impressive machine.....most impressive
Don't let this distract you from the fact that article 13 has been approved and the EU just destroyed the internet.
Do you know what I have learned from cooking and other arts? There is beauty in human error.
Hot ones is by far more compelling content wise but i’ve gotta admit i’m always hungry for a burger after watching these✌🏻
Is this the modern version of John Henry?
I mean, we can shave some time for Alvin having to go back to read the direction card for measurements more than a few times, right?

All in all; I think the burger machine would replace places like McDonald's for that cranked-out-same-every-single-time burger; but I don't think it'll be replacing the gourmet burger places.
ARTICLE 13 HAS JUST BEEN APPROVED.... RIP
A case of consistency and efficiency, versus quality and personality
Can a AI robot make a better burger then a Human , let's bust this Myth 😁👌
YOU  ONLY  LOST  BECAUSE  YOU  RUSHED  IT ...
Take your time and make your burger the way that you know how.
I want to buy this ! Are they selling this? With the staffing issues that we have in this industry, this looks fantastic, IM IN !
Me: Watching this through Lent. xD
I just want to know how often the machine malfunctions and requires human intervention.
🤦🏽‍♂️ thought Alvin would have been better. I’m assuming weighing everything out, etc. messed his flow up — should have just stuck his natural instinct. 5 minutes is tough.
I grew up watching Mythbusters as a kid and is now one of the reasons why im becoming an engineer. Tory is a legend, amazing great guy. So much nostalgia.
Like Alvin says!  ::slaps belly:: A body like this doesn't just happen, you gotta work at it!
You should get John mullany on the show (not sure if I spelled his last name right) :/
Bro I love you to death you a a beautiful man but please dear God for the children 🙏...don't ever wear another jumpsuit.
And this is only a simple automated machine.Just wait for the AI revolution
NO WAY....  I wait 20 minutes at my favorite steak house to get the burger I love.  Quality and excellence are worth waiting for.
SO GOOD to see Tory again!
I think that the robot will find a niche in which to make burgers, but that "human factor" that you mentioned will introduce a subtle variety that so many of us find desirable.
Tory ....    #5  is alive bro .
lose 100lbs and maybe you could beat the machine, Gentle Giant
Great vid!! Now I want a cheese burger. You guys should've seen how long it would take Alvin to makes his classic burger and see if the machine can make it as fast as him.
Robot making a burger

Spongebob: where's the love ??
It's not man versus machine, it's machine taking over for unskilled labor monotonous work and freeing us up to do more complex and creative things.
McRobots :P Tory should try some wings with Sean! Nice seeing him again!
man vs robot situation is just like manually chopped cabbage vs slicer shredded cabbage, some say manually chopped cabbage is crispier some say no difference, who knows. but one thing Im 100% sure is that free burger is always the best!
I saw Tory Belleci, I clicked. I miss Mythbusters!!
The Machine might have won that challenge, but you can't replace a persons heart and soul that they put into their food. Good try Alvin!!
Holy moly was NOT expecting to see Mr. Tory Belleci in the thumbnail! So stoked for this episode, LOVE THE SHOW GUYS!!
Short Circuit, happy robot, happy people. Johnny 5, YOOOO!
Gordon Ramsey’s “Perfect Burger” technique would smoke that machine flavor wise and even maybe time wise.
Why did I think a robot was trying a burger🤦🏽‍♂️😭
Alvin:I guess I have to see it with my very own eyes.
Dante:I have to see it with my own eyes. 
Alvin is Dante confirmed!
I don't know what I find more disconcerting: a robot making nearly perfect burgers or finding out in the credits that Ryan Dunn is still alive and making shows.
Everyone forgets wall-E's Dad Johnny5 🥺
Luv WallE!! Luved this show !
✌️❤️😁
The most important version of John Henry.
DON’T  FORGET JOHNNY 5 FROM SHORT CIRCUIT WENT FROM MEGA SUPER ULTRA KILLER MILITARY ROBOT TO HORNY LOVING SWEET ON ALLY SHEEDY ROBOT.  😈
dude has ZERO sense of urgency...
the human element in cooking is invaluable and irreplaceable
change my mind
OMG I PVOE MYTHBUSTERS SO MUCH THANK YOU
Burger Show AND Mythbusters? Hells yea
Well the machine already had measurements so it was faster...
WELL YOU WERE TALKING AND MOVING SLOW AS HELL THE WHOLE TIME
Honestly Tory was allways one of my favorites, essentially of the b team. Glad to see him around and I hope he gets to do more stuff <3
I would like to offer the Movie ... Batteries Not included for a burger-making robot that doesn't turn on someone
Damn, didn't think I'd be seeing his beautiful face ever again
TTOOOORRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!! Love you man! And when are you going to start aging? looking good!
Alvin the burger guy or Alvin the mechanic? 🤔
Get the wrestler Kenny Omega on hot ones, he is now on the USA would love to see his reaction 😂
Alright buddy I love the show, but silicon valley is like at least an hour and a half drive with no traffic from sf
He looks like Dr. Robotnik from Sonic the Hedgehog
This show is kinda exciting tbh, whenever it shows up in my feed I always can't wait to see how much he's gained
Robot: What is my purpose 
I love burgers and fries SO MUCH. This show just makes me want to always eat and eat and eat DEM BURGERS!
Once the robot can cook multiple burgers at the same time and have them all out within the 5 min, then I think we can consider our days numbered.
I was so sure that Tory would fall on his face from that segway :D
I was thinking about this in shower yesterday. In50-100 years cooking could be the most analog thing ever.
Oh hi, Tory! How're doin', buddy!?
Great vid!  Tory and Alvin seem to have good chemistry.
#HopsinOnHotOnes
round 1 for the camera, for the youtube.
round 2 have it be cooking show style where it's 3 burgers in 15min. what's on the plate at the end of time is what gets served.
round 3 is Creator at base settings vs. chef's own original. ultimate test of whether efficiency can outclass originality.
Ground zero of “tech”... is tech-nically (🤓) in San Jose, not San Francisco.
How'd you manage to get a drone permit for that footage at the start of the video?  NPS is usually down on that.
I'd still rather eat the burger you made, Alvin
Tory Belleci is such a seasoned pro on being in front of a camera I immediately forgot he's not a regular part of this show.
robots coming for everyone's jobs AI is wild
He only said he was a “burger romantic” once this episode.  Wow.
Instead of doing his burger exactly like the machine he should just do in how he normally would!
Hes a chef..

Yeah, and im a rocket scientist
Myth confirmed. Burger tastes good.;)
Welcome to the future Fight for $15, you brought it about
Tory was such an incredible welcomed guest. What an amzing surprise lol GREAT episode
my man Cailan rocking a Speed Suit for true burger super-science!
Grant Imahara, the robot builder, as guest for round two.
Robots are more convenient...but humans will always be better...because robots still depend on humans to function & to be maintained...;)
Yo
Spongebob vs burger machine?
Man, I didn't know how much I needed to see Tory Belleci until I saw Tory Belleci.
When the robot uprising comes . . . they will feed us uniformly made hamburgers.
The future is here. You'd better get educated or skilled because if a robot can replace you it should, and very soon it will.
I hope you can get one (or more!) of the Mythbusters to do the hot spicy wings!
I don't think it's fair he had to follow their exact recipe - he should have been able to do it however he wanted with the same ingredients.
🤣@9:04!
tory aged well he is pushing 50 already, some people have great genetics i guess.
iHob has left the chat
when I worked at a burger joint I would cook 24 burgers at a time, and make the fries and onion rings
This is the movie Hamburger.
Hamburgers for American.
Tory really added something to this episode. I definitely enjoyed him being here for it. He is obviously great on camera, he did it for years. Watching Alvin race the robot was hilarious.
0:53 "there's no cook" and the cook walks behind lol
I love the idea! But time production wise makes no sense 😂 you’d need like 20 of these in one shop
Get Jason Alexander on here to say "George likes his chicken spicy."
Its awesome to see Tori around again I wish netflix did another season of White rabbit I really enjoyed the hell outa that show
Robots are capable of whatever they're programmed to do.
This channel has some kind of circle of protection haha
Sometime in the future, McDonald's will get rid of their "Now Hiring" signs. 
They'll be replaced with "Employees Not Wanted".
The thing is, he was measuring everything to the gram like a robot. The biggest difference between humans and robots is that we can eyeball things. We can throw a handful of cheese and a pinch of spices. He would have done much better if he wasn't wasting time weighing the cheese.
Yoooo, I haven’t see that dude Tory since like 7th grade. This brings back parts of my childhood just watching this.
1:42
AAAAAARGH MY HEART IS MELTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING!!
That Wall-E impersonation was insulting
This remimds me of that one spongebob episode😂
If this dude has a heart attack this will word for word be the story of John Henry
Poor Johnny 5 from Short Circuit. No one ever remembers him. Damn Wall-e stealing all his thunder.
McDonald's employees look out... that machine is coming for you 🤖💀🍔
TORY! The world should shower you with money! Welcome back!
FYI - Flying drones there is illegal. The area around the Golden Gate is a National Park...and unlike the FAA, the NPS does go after videos they see online.
Johnny 5 always happy endings for the people and the bot
I like that Tory was doing the interviewing, this was a great episode.
alvin man we need you for longer
stay healthy man
Tory got T H I C C
In the city of San Francisco... I'm surprised supervisors aren't bitching up a storm about how this is taking jobs away from citizens!

Meanwhile the whole fast food should be a way to provide for your family in the city is the reason why minimum wage has skyrocketed.      I for one welcome our robot burger overlords!
Alvin should start as human burger making union lol
God damn I love Tory. He was the best thing about myth busters
This series always makes me want to not just eat burgers, but eat them with Alvin.  Everyone who loves to cook knows their food has the intangible love and happiness that feeds the soul.  What happens when all that you eat comes from robots?
Welp...McDonald's employees want $15 an hr....heres the answer
Lmao😂😂evolution always wins...
Alvin you're going to die
I got an ad with Alvin in it before the video😂
Alvin tried to match the same burger without knowing the recipe intimately. There's a difference between someone's first day and seventh day.
You really can't compare 1:1 with a machine that has everything programmed in and ready to go... to a table with a chef that has to read the recipe and carefully verify the exact amount of seasoning... Normally most of the preps would either be prepared in advance or you'd have assistants to help you with the process. The machine doesn't just replace 1 man.
i have flashbacks of one of spongebob episode
oof 2:30 mins over is actually pretty bad considering the robot wouldve been halfway done with another burger in that time
keep him away from the bicycles! lmao
I, for one, welcome our robot overlords, if they serve me burgers.
This reminds me of that one spongebob episode where the bootleg "Krusty Krab" makes a robot to make artificial burgers.
Plz tell me Tory is gonna be a guest on the show....
The burger looked pretty damn good, my only issue with it is the seasoning, but I don't think the issue is amount like Alvin said but it's when, just like a couple high end burger places near me, the machine seasons the meat when it's done cooking and I find that results in a somewhat bland end product.
Telletubby spoted at :25 😄
More Tory and more robots please. Give him his own show where he travels around to find more 'food-tech' like this!
Where's Grant went you need him?!
just wanted to say, not only it's slower than a pipelined burger joint.. it's super slow when making multiple burgers, since it can only make one at a time, which is very bad for cost over time
OMG Tory!!! I miss mythbuster so much
"up the wazuu" lol look out japan here comes the burger robot!
I wonder why tv chefs all add too much salt to everything? Lead poisoning?
Wearing helmets for a segway..I'm out..Nothing to see here.
I work here. This was pretty cool!
Mythbusters Veteran is a very awesome, and metal title!
looool. Fun concept. Robots are coming!
I love this show!!!  What type of oil was put on the bun before toasting it in the skillet?
one of the best episodes yet!!!!!! Keep it up!!
“Five minutes is my current limit, Jotaro”
1:45 When you make a good point, but your guy counters with "except WALLE". Bruh
In terms of how impressive this is a solid -1, at least for anyone who's doing anything with engineering.
2 and a half minutes is 50% of 5 minutes...."not that bad" is a false statement given the time frame in question.
Tory is a living legend. ....not a legend like Bigfoot or even the Mothman.
More like the Taos Hum.....but STILL a living legend!
Love you Tory.
These collab episodes are getting more and more insane
Andrew Yang, save us!
Tory Belleci! 😊
Johnny Five from Short Circuit was a friend to humans
Great episode dawg keep killin it
One burger every 5 minutes for one machine is great. But my 2 favorite burger joints always have at least 4 cooks running the grills during their lunch crush.
DO A HOTONES WITH OBAMA!!!
Man I missed that guy
Tory is 48 years old.  Living in the Bay Area, eating burgers, and falling face first off a bike keeps you young.
Machine 1
Human 0
Johnny 5 would never be evil and turn
What kind of chef that burns the bun⁉️
Tory Belleci testing food myths/trends/features! More of this, please and thank you.
i for one welcome our new burger flippin’ robot overlords.. so long as i’m not being served soylent green
This is definitely a Spongebob vs. King Neptune situation here
Why doesn't Mr. Belleci have his own YouTube channel??? Easy 100,000 subs
At 4:56 I though he'd called it "Traitor Vs The World" hahaha
since its mentioned wally movie was basically no humans soooo
GREAT IDEA: Make a burger where the patty is cut in half and both sides of the patty are inverted. I guarantee it will taste better
This show is my new favorite thing on YouTube, keep it up guys!
Definitely not the fastest moving chef in the world. Took him 1min to carry the meat to the grinder
Big McThankies from McSpankies
I got and ad before this video started and it was another one of your videos lmao
Big McThankies From McSpankies
Soooooo being a food dude I get kinda upset seeing a machine do it dont get it twisted though the fact that I just watched a machine make a dang near perfect burger look out McDonalds
That intro is funny as hell
My money's on Alvin for round 2.
I wanna see gordon ramsay face off against this robot
Now make a robot that can grill a steak
This is interesting. You wouldn't grind the meat for each burgers individually. There has to be some prep done first which would make it much faster to make many burgers at the same time. Imagine a fast food chain where each burger takes 5 minutes to make... that'd be too long. That being said, I don't think it's possible to make such fresh burgers which that level of exactitude between each burgers in less time than that and when you think about it when people come back they expect to eat the same thing, this can't mess that up.

So yeah I'm all in for burgers machines.
Bruh, this felt so much like a Mythbusters B team segment. The nostalgia.
Man our host could've done better, you know if he had each ingredient preweighed like the robot does without thinking he'd have more than beat it.
I think what was lost was my job...
I bet in 100 years more than half the jobs humans do will be replaced by robots. Just look at how life was like in 1919 compared to now and in 100 years everyone will think how living in the 21st century is like living in the Stone Age.
Shits neat, but I'd like people to make my food
Yeah Tori!!!
Cool and great video but let Alvin eye the measurements next time. Took him 2.5 minutes just getting the patty on the proper scale
I just love Alvin as the John Henry of burgers.
this channel  can make me wanna eat dirt
how much does a burger robot cost to install in my house?
Tory and Adam were always the funniest on Mythbusters. Miss that show.
should have just made your own burger with the same ingredients
These things may be ok for fast food but for gourmet and or diner style these would never surpass the love the chef puts into their food.
Damn he burnt it..
how much this machine cost..?
I mean imagine if McDonald change all its outlets to Robots...  :o
We need one of those in Jersey!
One more Alvin comment.  Brah yah too fat.  Take care, please.
Now put the machine in a greenhouse so the veggies are fresh and you have a winner.
And robot dont spit in your food.
Is it just me or does Tory talk like Garth from Wayne's World?
I was super impressed! Just wow, that's cool.
Give Tory a food technology show
Alvin is going to die.  Someone please help him! :(
"It's taking out jobs!" Says the person who knows nothing of "what next?"
Now that we have the solution to do a piece of human labor, we now go and find out what people will do instead of slaving over a grill. It's called progress. We did the slavery, then the "voluntary" labor, now, in 100 years, little to no labor. Move on.
“Terminator 2019”
Do a burger episode with patrick roach burger expert vs burger expert
8:32 - Pretty sure that bun picked up some raw meat on the way out too
I HAVE AN ITCHY BUTT
I live in the Bay Area, I should go check that place out.
He had to measure things out and make the burger a certain way, if he was just making his normal stuff, it would be quicker. da hell
you forgot interstellar.  come on tars!
Huge Huge Huge Mythbusters fan. Also a Huge Burger Show fan. Fantastic
1:30 I've never seen a man with so little charisma yet somehow has his own show
singularity is happening boys time to jump ship
while it might be faster doing 1 burger, how will it stand during a lunch rush? like the guy who made teh machine said, 400 burgers during a lunch rush, how will that even compare
Josh Pray the comedian and bxd and yummi r6 at the same time
is it weird that he's still mythbuster tory belleci?  he hasn't been one for 5 years....
Hell yeah boys, it’s burger time.
Nostalgia Intensifies
Burger eating machine vs a burger machine
Great episode! Speed that machine up and it will change fastfood forever.
Alvin should have asked Tory how that bunnyhop endo felt.
You fight for $15 folk, meet your replacement.
Its been like 900 years and this guy is still riding the mythbuster coattails
Is it just me or is Alvin high the first several minutes of this video?
Iron Giant? Gosh hating on robots.
Meh, I feel like the real test between man and machine here would be a flat top during rush hour vs. a machine pumping out one every five minutes.
Silicon Valley sucks and automation sucks. WE MUST SECUTE THe bag YANG 2020
Thats the content i subscribed for
I work at sonic and have to make burgers under a minute.
CC TRANSHUMANISM FOR HUMAN POVERTY
Good shit, kept it real.
He is such a awesome guy, just sad to see him still growing in weight and not taking better care of himself...
there is a chef/cook on standby if the robot/machine breaks down?
So it took you 2.5 mins to adapt to the robots signature burger... how long would it take to adapt to yours?
subbed for the rematch.
Anyone else thinking of Good Burger?
Man this dudes getting fatter by the second, got to take care of that health G
tory wiping his forehead is a confound, these are not lab conditions. What if sweat getting into his eye delayed his whole process or hindered his skills in making the burger... JK
That burger was so burnt it came back from the grave and tried to kill some children on Elm Street in their dreams.






P.S. I just wanted to make the joke, no hate against Alvin.
I think it's funny that Tori hasn't been on MythBusters in years but yet he is still known as MythBusters Tory
I really like these burger videos but the host needs a switch up
Look at the state of that dude, he’s not going to make 50 at this rate..
Spongebob would not approve...
I will avoid this for as long as possible. This will kill local burger joints.
This is like when Spongebob faced off against King Neptune.
it's like a alcoholic working in a bar, makes it hard to get sober.
the host is trash
btw, how long did you have to wait for the fries?  And is there a robot who does those too?
This is like that episode of jimmy neutron
Myth busters= bet show on TV.. hand down
All we need now is where are they now Mythbusters edition
Dude needs to lay off the cheese burgers. When you are shopping in the 4XL section if the work wear you probably should quit...
Clearly they have never hear Wall-E talk before
Best man vs machine appearance since Dwight beat the Dundler Mifflin website.
JOHNNY FIVE
The burger is probably great the things we was nick picking is more of a matter of opinion
Can you bring PewDiePie??
Great.  Now invent a ROBOT that will buy and eat the burger...
Great episode guys. Good work. Well done.
this is the same plot as that one episode of spongebob bruh
Alvins outfit though, fire
Let’s get this neck beard fat dude a treadmill
Starts with a pair of awesome segways into burgers.
I don't agree with "it's man against the machine all the time", really, visit ICU try replacing those machines with humans
Dude needs a lap band, big time.
This a modern John Henry story..you come back and and beat it!
This guy is the enemy... taken jobs away from people that need them
Chef should have practiced a couple first. I bet that machine made 1000 mistakes before they dialed it in.
The thing is that a person could probably make a better single burger than a robot.  But could the same person make a hundred equally good burgers with a time constraint at the same precision?
Wow, totally forgot this dude even exists. Glad to see he’s still out there being a goof.
"damn dude five minutes is F$%#ing fast bro!"
I swear to god, I literally just got an Simple Mobile ad, with this same guy
I got an ad from the host of this show before this video loaded up. Lol
8:31 gotta love some raw mince on your bun
but if the program is well done is the burger medium rare ?
alvin looking sick man some-on help him
Silicon valley hates humans
Tori-senpai!!!
alvin needs a treadmill & a total-Gym. chuck norris it!
Its fantastic, until it breaks down during lunch hour.
I want to see round 2 where you smash it's robot butt once you know the recipes
johnny 5, was on our side
I like this show but man, the host looks like a damn over weight master splinter
Id rather wait the extra time for Alvin to not make the robot burger and make me a proper burger, his style.
The fact he had to weigh the ingredients, and wasn't relying on his chefs skills (which is the whole point in not using a robot). Made the test useless.
Cancel the show "Hot Ones" and do The Burger Show from now on!
is it just me or does Alvin seem drunk or high in the beginning xD
Wow, somehow silicon valley managed to suck the soul out of cooking too.
Ben Shapiro on hot ones!!!
He should've made it same style different amounts. Obviously, measuring everything to a tee is going to take longer to do manually.
Loser robot 1 human 0. Finish him.
Not fair to make their burger in those 5mins rematch your burger vs there’s
am I watching SpongeBob here?
4:45 "no our machine totally won't destroy fast food jobs for juniors at all...please stop making me nervous saying such things Infront of a camera"
Not a robot. A conveyor belt.
Outro song please?
Ew. Don't know how you can justify showing Five Guys in the same reel as Shake Shack and In-And-Out at 5:30. It's not even close to the same level, and I say this as someone from the midwest.
I'd like to try this place someday, hopefully I won't have to wait till it shows up at McDonalds.
I thought Tory just left the entertainment industry forever. Haven't even heard his name since he left Mythbusters.
Sort of thing my "gadget" cooking machine thingy I always wanted. It would take a freezer and fridge (in size) and all you had to do is put ingredients in. It would present a meny or menu for you and it would present a time table for it to be unfreezed, cooked. Some 3D printing maybe involved. But the some of the best thing would be the that it could use up your ingredients before it gets bad. So it will tell you that you have to use this and that before it's get bad and you get a meal out of it before it goes to the dump.


It would almost be a "star-trek" "voila" on the plate... It would be awesome... But then again I love cooking but I guess you still could and i you made something beautiful/tasteful just upload the ingredients to the cooktube :-)


There would be a competition of appliances though how many different spices it could handle and how many plates and soo on...
I’m concerned for your health bro.
So one robotic burger machine is a money maker! No workers comp, no health insurance, and the best part is the robot doesn't call in sick! LOL!
Alvin is that dude!
he has never made the burger before though its a new recipe so naturally he will be slower than making his own recipe
Johnny 5 is alive
human labor is expensive. so robots make it much cheaper and maybe even more consistent. pretty cool IMO
I feel as though alot of people view machine and humans as conflicting with each other. I dont see this as much as a machine replacing man, but new applications in which machines may be able to better assist a cook when creating new menu items or testing food.
Belleci is awesome
How can you win when you're using the exact same measurements and methods as the machine? At best they'll just taste the same... the benefit to a human made burger is being able to expirememt and play around with the recipe and make it better
Next season should be called "Ricecake show" because Alvin finna explode or die of heart failure.
The patty on that machine burger looked DRYYYYYYY AF
Probably didn't need to grind the meat "to order" like that.
But I think Spongebob could cook a burger with love?
Looks like every McDonalds worker is out of a job
You'll get Siri next time, Alvin!!!


Also, all you commenters on here talking about Alvin's weight, back off. Damn... can we have one Burger Show where people just talk about the show? Alvin is a good dude and if he's happy and doing his thing, what's it matter?
The amount of time it took to read the precise amounts and use the scale counteracts the extra time Alvin took.
That's what 15 bucks an hour looks like
I see you skynet, trying to sneak by with some deliciousness
6:44 it seems he has forgotten the battle between spongebob and the krabby patty machine smh.
Man is always the best
Eventually there will be no more entry-level jobs or at least no more minimum wage jobs why pay a human that makes mistakes when u can own a few robots that are designed to be faster and more efficient
Johnny 5 wasn't mean.
Lol I got here when it posted at 30 seconds and 5 views. Watched the whole video and came right back. Now at 1.4k views.
We definitely need a round 2.
Not sure how I feel about this.
Looks like The Apple Pan (Los Angeles) at 6:15
There’s only 1 element to cook and that’s the patty.
He’s just slow.
Single burger vs single burger, it might win, but watching people at In N Out and places like that bang out burger after burger, I don't think it can match the speed in a large volume.
If Alvin was on the line, in a proper kitchen, I think he could make multiple burgers in 5 min
The man existed in my childhood!
That episode of spongebob where squidward has the Krabby patty machine and they battle
He was always such a good on screen personality, criminally underrated for TV. Mr. Belleci should have more screen time. IMHO.
The story of John Hungry
So we jus gonna forget the time sponge bob vs a robot in making bugers
This is like spongebob vs king Neptune
damn they should have let alvin take a practice run
#stephenasmith4hotones
There better be another robot vs chef soon.
YES TORY! Miss these clowns so much.
does any places outside of California still using segways?
An episode with Kari Byron please!!!!!!!!
This dude is ROUND
REMATCH!!
Most food channels make me hungry. This makes me feel bad for an uninteresting but sweet fat dude.
wtf I just saw an ad with Alvin in it just before the video started.
they reinvented the MCDLT
Lunch time yet?
⌚5min. 🍔☺
why do they pick a judge that too scared to give his opinion without being afraid of hurting the feelings of someone who doesn't care
this is why your wife always asking ME to toast her buns
Tory's looking pretty good
One thing I like about the hot ones is at the end when they ask the guest what's going on in their life... It would be really cool to see this show do a similar ask at the end
Yo if you guys can get Nick Offerman on the show that'd be so awesome
Remeber that time on mythbusters where they built a shock machine and almost died?
McDonald's wants to know your location
tory looks like he plays in the deftones
I'm suprised Alvin forgot about Wall-E when he starred in it!
Homeboy outta breath standing still
So far, 4 episodes in, I already like it more than the first 2 seasons. Not that they were bad at all, I like them all, but this one has a different twist. Noice!
lmao the cook couldnt even beat the robot lololol
You need to get Brad from BON APPETIT YouTube channel on the show please
Wow that was pretty interesting! Thanks!
Don't burn your buns
HELP ALVIN!!!!!!
let's be honest... did anyone think this guy was gonna beat anyone or anything doing literally anything while timed...? honestly?
Love the show, but it was kind of a dumb competition. Of course a machine can measure out small increments of weight faster than a human. Also the machine grinds the burger while other things are happening, not in a sequential order. There's no way you can beat a machine that can literally multi task.
The competition was fun, but he was trying to match their recipe instead of making a burger with the same ingredients. If Alvin didn't have to waste time weighing everything I think he could've tied the machine.
Now let’s see the robot invent a new burger based on seasonal ingredients, or make something unique for a favorite customer who says “surprise me.”
Burgers are selling from five to seven dollars a piece. That is just too much. I can not afford to pay that.
I miss Mythbusters!
alvin moves so slowly
Andrew Yang was right.
if u think building a car is easier than cooking a hamburger thats a lol, not art? cmon
Greece +1
Holy crap I was just thinking they should have Adam on hot ones and now this!
Well he wasn't running about soooooooooo 🤨
Why is nobody saying that the  man vs machine was in spongebob like cmon people
I'll stick with a human chef.
I got an ad about this sponsor, I think that’s crazy...
I think I would grab a burger from this place just to try it but I prefer a human making my food
It shouldn't have been whether you could make the same burger in 5 minutes to the gram but if you could make a "better burger" in 5 minutes. If you have your mise done prior and you were  just cooking the burger to order with your own measurements and finesse you would have won no doubt.
A burger will always taste better cooked by a person because its more than science, there is an emotional factor that a machine can't replicate.
imagine if mc donalds got there hands on this
Short Circuit! You forgot about that movie!
It's that one spongebob episode.
in all fairness should not have been mise en place been accounted for with a human, like there would still be prep.  6 minute~ turn around is pretty standard as far as I have experienced.  still impressive none the less.
I love burgers as much as the next guy, but I think eating that many burgers is taking an irreparable toll on your health. If you wanna keep on enjoying that many burgers on a regular basis, you need to work out much more. Work hard in order to play even harder.
This is only a good thing if the workers own the resteraunt
DO A PB&J BURGER
Dude has been cooking for how long? Why does he need to train as much as they tested the robot?
He was not exactly hustling lol
Tory is so hot
9:38 please don't touch my burger
Never seen anyone cook raw meat with the bun. Which is a good thing, considering he has raw meat adhered to the bun...
as mentioned in the comments: just do a burger like you would regularly. It makes no sense to compare "exact measurements" against a machine. A machine will always take less time measuring stuff than a human
This that machine from pokemon
I mean if you did your own amount of ingredients but used the same stuff it’d prolly be a better comparison since you could arrange it how you wanted to and then blindfold the guy
THANK YOU 1:45
How in his mind did that big dude think he looked good in that one piece
What about that scene in batteries not included where the robots make burgers ?
Oof. Burnt beef. No gracias.
the macterminator mct-800: a cybernetic android disguised as a human being sent back in time to assassinate burger flippers jobs
Robot and Frank; they end up as friends. It's a good movie too!
I don’t think ur supposed to season ur burger after it’s cooked....right?....
Fight for 15, fight for 15, fight fo...... Hey wait..
Host lowkey sellout
More Tory content please
so were here at Alameta County bomb range to.... wait hold on
I love a great burger. I also love cooking and learning different nuances. But I know if I was in a speed competition I wouldn’t spend so much time taking and moving at a snails pace.... plus, after I lost the time competition I might as well remake the burnt ass buns.. to
You should have matt stonie on the show
ok now but him with sean on hot ones... please
Man V Machine. Using a machine to grind the beef.
Get both of these 2 guys on the chicken wings gauntlet. Please.
he sure is turining into a burger
Def cool to see a robot make a burger but this also feels "gimmicky" to me. So much of the burger experience is going to a place that's been around for a long time and interacting with the staff and seeing them make the burgers.
40 comment
Can Tori be on this full time please?
darn im early
This was a sponge bob episode
Where's the wings? That's what this channel is about
Thumbs up pressed and i beginning watching the vid :)
nah, I would specifically avoid any restaurant that used a burger machine. I'm OK spending a bitmore money and waiting a little longer to know that a real person took the care to make a meal for me.
I would have fired you if it took you 7 minutes and 30 seconds to make a cheeseburger where I work, even 5 minutes is too long.
Hes supposed to be a chef?
God I love this show
LETS GO TORY
DEH TURK RR JURBS!!!
Let's be real we all clicked on this video to see 
1)a mythbuster
2)burgers
I don't want a robot making my burger, actually I don't mind, but maybe later in life.
Damn that boi thicc
The future ,.... just accept it .
Well they want $15 an hour wage.  Lotta workers won’t have a job now.  Machines. Don’t get sick don’t miss work and piss and moan among other things
Cool idea for a guest.
Get reviewbrah on
where's wall-e?
Burnt bread?!
If only he didn’t panic a bit
Hell yes
this is like that spongebob episode where he faces Neptune in a burger Challenge.
I love you tory
Jimmy Neutron did it first
Robots should only be cooking the Impossible Burger.
I think if he didn’t focus too much on talking he would have done much better. Homeboy needs to move fast.
so were just gonna not reference spongebob
AI(Artificial Intelligence) will take over the world in a decade or so. Elon Musk has tried to warn the world about using AI but no one listened. He says we are to the point to where it is too late and all he is hoping for is regulations on AI. If curious about it, look up "AI Elon Musk Warning"
Get Tori on Hot Ones
THE SPONGEBOB EPISODE IS REAL
The falsehood about the challenge at the end is the machine had everything preloaded to cut and grind.   The only way to make this an apples to apples is to have slicers with tubes holding everything and the meat pre loaded in a grinder and it weighed out as it grinds.    I KNOW I could beat this thing with things on a slicer and ready to grind.  Flipped burgers for years and made them from start to finish.
I love this show more and more.
This must be a joke. Chef will easily  be faster than a robot and make better taste burger .5min is a lot of time to make a burger. Burger chef work on multiple burgers at once.
I bet there was a guy who thought he could calculate faster than a calculator and with fewer errors when it was invented
I wonder if Mc Donald’s would apply this to their restaurants
You know you're  tired of your  job when you invent a robot to do It for you.
I just clicked this video, I scroll down, and it's already disliked?! I haven't even seen it, wtf! Is google automatically liking/disliking videos for us now?!
Let him make 10 burgers so he doesn't have to read the ingredients, etc. and he'd beat the machine no problem.
My guy needs walle
Andrew Yang 2020
This machine was made for efficiency and consistency rather than flavor I believe this way every customer receives the same experience rather than being up for grabs and by chance every time a human makes a burger. I think this machine is competition for fast food and chain burger restaurants.
yeah, we're doomed
Burger illuminati.
This is going to be like photography and painting and free burgers for free expression
I miss the busters
Alvin's neck looks like an uncooked burger
I hope they have these machines everywhere soon! I am so in favour of this!
Burgnor yurgnor
Ooh havent seen this guy in a while
Has anyone learned from spongebob?
Anyone else seen that spongebob episode where this happens?
I dont like this machine
Get them on hot ones
Seeing as there are already cooking robot arms capable of cooking full meals, and that most people already eat processed food, the question is moot. People do and will gladly eat food prepared by robots, be it hamburgers, salads, drinks, or anything else. All the same, that will not replace the human quality of creativity, at least until people bestow creative powers unto robots.
sorry chef, but robots got this one :(
I'm not eating a burger from a robot
Really? Helmet's? Jesus Christ.
Anyone else get the ads with him in it before the vid?
Now, Alvin Cailan was workin'. 
His eye on the grill 
till he heard a sharp sound 
that gave him a chill.

"What's going on? 
What could it mean?"

Wow, it's a deep-fry 
patty cookin' machine.

And hiding behind it, 
who do we see? 
None other than Alex Vardakostas
and his bad face acne. 

"Hey!
"

"What's is this contraption 
you've hauled into me place?"

"A miracle, a marvel. 
It'll cook Burger Patties at a fabulous pace."

"But how are the patties? 
I mean, how do they taste?"

"I'll let you try one. 
Shove this in your face."

"I have to admit, 
that patty was yummy. 
Though it sits like a rock 
when it lands in me tummy.

But I've already got a fry cook 
and he's always on time.
"

"Ah, but this gizmo is faster 
and you won't pay it a dime."

"Your machine sounds delightful. 
But how much does it cost?
"

"Hmm, just fire Alvin
and tell him get lost!" 

The machine wanted his job 
to make Alvin quit. 
But Alvin didn't like it. 
No, not one bit. 
Pushing his grill, 
Alvin burst through the door.

"I challenge your gadget; 
I declare patty war!"

With 3 little words, 
Tory Belleci started the show. 
His flag in the air, 
he cried-

"Ready, set, go!"

Quick as a flash, 
Alex pulled the big lever 
and then sat back 
feeling oh, so quite clever. 
Alvin, with spatula 
held tight in his fist, 
flung twenty patties, 
not a single one missed. 

The crowd was VERY impressed.
"Wow!
"

They cheered full of glee. 
All except Tory, 
who had to go pee. 

A noise and a clatter 
came from the machine, 
and out popped the patties 
in a burst of hot steam. 
The gadget was fast, 
its first batch completed, 
but Alvin yelled out-

"I won't be defeated!
"

He took in some air. 
Alvin swelled his physique. 
And dozens of patties 
filled up in his cheeks. 

He strained and he sweated, 
he summoned his will. 
And shot Burger Patties 
all on the grill.

"Not bad!"

Yelled out Alex.


"A really good try. 

But let's see how you do against 
my machine set on high!" 

The gizmo, it shuddered. 
It crackled, it shook! 
And as Alex laughed:

"Ha, ha.
"

Tory said-

"What a schnook."

But Alvin cried out-

"I won't lose to that thing!
"

Then he held up two spatulas
and leapt like a spring. 

His hands were a blur, 
the patties went flying. 
He fried up a hundred 
with out even trying. 
Alex was worried.
Alvin couldn't be beat.

"I got one last chance, 
I'll turn up the heat!"

He struggled and strained 
'till his face turned dark blue. 
Then the lever moved forward 
and broke right in two. 
The gadget buckled and sparked. 
It cracked like a gun. 
So Alex took off, yelling-

"Let me know if I won!
"

Lightning flew from its maw. 
It looked ready to burst. 
But Alvin, still standing, yelled...

"Foul beast, do your worst!
"

The patties came flying, 
by twos and be threes. 
By dozens, by hundreds, 
oh, it was something to see. 
Aye,that machine, it was fast, 
but Alvin was faster. 
He proved to that thing that 
he was its master. 

The gadget blew into bits 
and died with a boom, thunderin'. 
The blast was so loud 
that it woke Jamie Hyneman. 

"What's that?
"

It was all over, 
finished and done. 
With his head held up high, 
Alvin knew he had won. 
The crowd yelled "Hooray, 
Alex's name is now mud!" 
But as they were cheering, 
Alvin fell with a thud. 

The service was short. 
Tears shed with regret. 
Alex, it seemed, 
was the one most upset. 

"Whoo, yeah!"

What's that? You thought Alvin
was buried down there? 
They just buried the gadget. 
Ha-ha, this I swear. 

Well, that ends me tale, 
straight from the book. 
Now I gotta go 
and talk to me cook.
what you need to do is lose some wait bro before cooking is not an option anymore
Ryan Dunn in the credits
I wanna see round two!  And 3,4,5,6...
I realized at the end that he played himself, saying the tastes should be “night and day” but the challenge was 2 do both burgers EXACTLY the same so unless u make a mistake (burn bread) the challenge is set up 4 u to make an identical burger NOT a better one 🤔
Please tell me you wouldn't serve that bun to a customer.  You touted being a line cook for many years.  Your sense of urgency (or lack thereof) says otherwise.
Wow i used to have a crush on tory when i was a kid watching myth busters
He got chubby
He carries burger everywhere
& there goes the $15 an hour wage for a lot of people. First ordering your burger through a kiosk and now a robot makes the burger. The only humans that might be on the property besides the customer would be the manager who will load the robot & give the machine maintenance.
how stupid, and people don't realise it is to replace those low wages jobs and that it got a more serious background than they think.I only eat handmade things, never buy things premade even in a supermarket, I can cook for myself or let others do the cooking. I will not let my honor be tainted by a robot like many other japanese have theirs tainted.
I only trust big guys on greasy foods
why not scrape the char off the bun, or just do another bun?
I totally forgot this place existed until this video.  Still haven’t bothered to get a burger there bc they make it unwelcoming.  I want a burger when I want it, not when you feel like it.  The social aspect of a greasy dive is more important than the burger.
The burnt one had soul. Robots don't have a soul. Sure their food will nourish your body and may even taste great, but your soul will remain empty.
I'll never except the robot, did you know that some of our favorite foods eaten today we're created by human error? I know it's not about the art of cooking, it's about "r👁️placement" and I'll take a human cook who loves food then a District 9 making my burger.
but the robot cant make 2 at once
This mf needs to eat a salad
I really liked that they let the burnt bun in the final take and didn't try again, because that shows the the difference between human and machine really well. I'd still prefer a burger made by Alvin though
Please New Host...
first
I love this show
YANG 2020
is Tory gonna stay 30 forever he looked older 10 years ago wtf is in the water on the west coast???
i don’t think that was a fair battle. the robot is doing all the slicing and grilling all at one time while alvin has to do it one at a time because he’s only got two hands. I think the only way to make it fair would be to make the robot do each process separately instead of all at once
Would it have been a better outcome if he had a flat top to work with?
it’s not about time. it’s about quality. time wise machine will win every time. they simply have better speed. but humans have the attention to detail and we can pick up on things (like seasoning, messiness) that machines don’t.
Wow! A slow machine that makes a terrible burger. 

1. Freshly sliced ingredients? They're pickles! Its a bun! Anal much!?
2. A whole slice of raw onion? I love raw onion, but that's way too much.
 Unmelted grated cheese? There's a reason no decent burger has it.
 Unspreaded squirted on condiments? What is this Subway?
 I don't care if meat is ground fresh if its poorly seasoned.
 5 minutes for a burger? I can go to my local Greek owned place, order and have a fresh made burger a second after I pay.
(a good place is making burgers all day and sending them out like clockwork. No leftover heat lamp burgers here)
 You have to disassemble the entire machine and clean every part. (Unpractical Gimmick) (Look at all those surfaces!)
 Knowing San Francisco, you're probably still paying gratuity on the recite for non-existant workers.

-Kitchen-Is-Not-A-Home!
Yeah idk how long it takes for this company to be bought out by McDonald's but I'm surprised it hasn't happened yet. If I were McDonald's I would've bought this company the second we had a demonstration of the tech. They definitely have the most capital in the fast food game and if they invested in them they could gain an immediate huge advantage in the game.
2:32    I hope you like ketchup...a lot!
Ur prep could have been a little better. You could beat 5 min if ur prep was better.
how did this Mf get his own ad in this video I've never seen that lol
I really wanna see round 2.
It honestly looks like it can only make a smash burger.
Burnt bun...no bueno
Spongebob did this and won
Unfortunate name
with this machine you should realize that FDA is going to have to come with their tests and magnifying glass to ensure that you aren't poisoning people. like regulating the air in the food storage chambers and positive locking locations for the storage of the "slice on demand" mechanism. you'll probably have to completely redesign this machine now that you know the concept works. now you'll have to build the machine to fit to regulatory methods and that is where this make it or break it will be for this company.
We need idubbztv hot ones
Food looks so good!!
Spongebob needed a comeback to
Alvin is asian randy
That is one laaarge chef....not gonna lie...its a REAL big turn off and actually takes my appetite away...which sucks bc I clicked on this to do the total opposite
and short circuit! That one ended well for the humans
200th viewer
he burnt the burger bad... geez
Game on brother lol
How is this guy still the host
That was weak
I just can't get over just how fat that dude is
Hey how come you guys don't have actual captions/subtitles beyond auto-generated captions on your interviews? Some guests are hard to understand, and many viewers require captions to fully enjoy the content. This is one of the biggest channels on YT and there are very reasonable caption services available!
03:47 fail
It's good to see that money is going to robots that can make burgers in a city where it's legal to shit in public.
8:15 Someone please sharpen the knife, there's a chef in the house.
burger takes 5mins but if theres a loads people ordering would there delay ?? like a if yoy got to any shop
What about Johny 5
This was an unfair test. Chefs don’t follow that strict of a recipe when they make recipes and obviously a machine is gonna be able to dispense exact amounts faster
Damn, fat guy gets smoked by burger machine.  It's like watching alternate world terminator where Arnold is 400lb and can't fight.
Hwhat does tory belleci do for living he only starred ar three shows
"How can these be 6$?" 
Labor cost elimination.
That dude is 50 years old. Jesus Christ.
Baymax didn't turn them in the movie big hero 6
Anyone notice the raw burger meat on the bun after he flipped it? Barf
6.3g of season and an oiled bun ? no way that is a great burger...
0:25 fun fact. The beach just below him on the left of the bridge is a nudist beach.
Nice video
Machine never wins. Spongebob already proved that
Unlike a human chef, the machine does not serve a burnt bun... Now, we already automate many steps in the kitchen - this kind of a device will allow us to focus on the ingredients and composition of the burger, instead of on getting the bun toast right...
Hopefully i'm not out of a job in 10 years
A movie where the robot and human end as friends? Looks like you need to watch T2.
"LUL IT REPLACE FAST FOOD WORKER"

Yeah. Sure. Probably will. Then nearly 4 million people are going to need to find jobs that might not be available, since you know damn well no company is going to hire as many people to maintain the robots as they had cooks. But who cares since your burger is going to be the same every time and "you're just lazy," right? Almost as if people are less concerned about what they'd getting and more concerned about just getting rid of the people.
Alvin cailan is it me or is this fool getting bigger and bigger
I think any time you rush a cook, you will get inferior food. Clearly, Alvin can make a better burger in ALMOST as much time as the robot; the question is whether another few minutes matters that much to someone. Personally, if I'm going out for a burger, I'm there for the BURGER, not the time stamp. Even if I'm in a hurry, I'd rather wait an extra few minutes than get a crappy burger out of the deal.
This mans put an entire cup of ketchup on the burger what
Haha awesome
It takes 5 minutes to make a burger, which isn't bad sure. It took me probably 9 to turn one out when I flipped burgers. But I could also turn out 8 burgers in almost the same amount of time because I was using a massive griddle. It seems like this can only handle one order at a time, so until that's doable, I wouldn't put much stock into robot burgers.
If he was going for the "60 year old mechanic that eats only McDonald's and lives out of his car" look he nailed it
How long until the robots learn to spit in our food
Seen all Mythbusters ❤️
What TV?
I got an ad and it was Alvin. Only ad I didn’t skip.
IRON CHEF😃😃?? Hell no...scrape some of that burn off your bun. Fresh ground is good. Fresh butchered, aged with less processing  is WAY BETTER.  How does a robot ever get seasoning right??. Those veggies sucked...is that the best CA can do with a 🍅? There's a great Japanese gaming word...'Gar-Den"". Grated cheese...robot please...and no frigging hot sauce?? Not even Tabasco Habanero.

It's the Termiburger...it just killed great American food.
Great to see Tory and that he .found a bike he doesn't have to eat pavement over the handlebars to ride😆
MEME BURGER MACHINE
But can it serve a party of seven at the same time? Because I don't wanna be the guy getting the last burger 30 minutes after the first one. Or maybe I do, because if everyone's polite, that's gonna be the only guy eating a hot burger at that table.
They absolutely forgot when the worlds best         chief went against a robot,                        Spongbob squarepants pants vs the patty gadget
Well this is mildly concerning. Now imagine it not even making some Five-Guys grade thing and just churning out something more on par with MacDonald's or Burger King and bam, you're probably looking at the death of manned fast food.
All I see is jobs disappearing...
Great video
This reminded me of Spongebob vs King Neptune lol
To be honest the way he prepped the food looks like hes been out of the kitchen for a very long time... so i wouldnt call it a fair fight. the burger robot has been finely tuned to do a `perfect` burger. But im betting a seasoned chef will make one that tastes way better.
I don't think you can replace most restaurants, if the machine is linear. That is, if it does 5 minute burgers, great, but if it does one at a time, that's nowhere near the volume. A person can make so many more burgers at a go, making the average less than 5 minutes, by far. I used to do this kind of thing. I used to train people to do it. I could make 2 to 3 dozen burger patties in under a couple minutes. Not the whole burger, but that's how volume is done. Specialization and scale.
Where the fries at
Ok, so someone explain this to me. They say, a robot cannot do a burger, because it's an art form, but watching the rest of the internet on burgers, they ALWAYS EXACTLY prescribe: 4:43 minutes of cooking on 300 degrees, 40g of cheese and 3 sprinkles of salt. Isn't exactly this what a robot is good at?
No.
The imperfections of human cooking and perfection are what make the food stand out, beyond what a robot can do. Timing is nice for the robot but once you’ve had one. you’ve had every single one it produces infinitely. When you have a human cooked burger it’s slightly different each and every time. That’s why robots can’t be better than us.
He isn't very good
Imagine being a professional cook and making a video about man vs machine.  You can do multiple takes to not fuck it up and you keep the footage of the pro burning the buns despite taking extra time.
And here I thought it was just Bon Appetite who burns their buns.
Unless you're cooking the patty on both sides at the same time you're never going to match the speed. It's why both BK and McShit found ways to do it. McShit cooks a normal patty in 38 seconds, a quarter pounder in 104 seconds, and a third pounder in 190 seconds.
That it needs a little more salt comment was so funny knowing it’s a jab to the chef in this case the chef is a Mac coder.
Good to see tory
you burnt the bun.. and youre saying yours would have been better?
cooking is composed of pretty accurate things, which could be done by a robot easily. It's not like painting, an art form, which could be a lot harder to replicate, because so many concepts are necessary to be understood to paint.
Mondo burger
Burger flippers sweat nervously
STOP BUILDING ROBOTS TO TAKE OUR JOBS!!! The robots aren't going to turn evil and go on a killing rampage. They won't need to. They'll take our jobs and we'll just starve to death from poverty.
Wanna see round 2
Coming from a real line cook, the host is a chef personality, not a real cook. I could beat that machine and scruffy bro like John Henry. 5-6.5 minutes for a smash burger? That's ridiculously long, even considering the prep.
Dey terk er jerbs!!
A robot may be able to reproduce the "perfect" burger better than a human but it will never create the perfect burger. Machines do not create anything. Machines (and computers) were supposed to free the masses from repetitive drudgery to have time to be more creative and improve quality of life. Instead, they have just allowed the haves to have more while paying fewer humans to do anything. Even the McJobs will disappear and the middle class. Pretty hard to be creative when an honest days work doesn't pay an honest days wage.  Eat the rich.
I don't see why this is a problem. As a chef, I'll take some of that sweet universal income while robots handle my crap. And as an artist, I'd be happy to teach a robot chef anything I could so it could make its food better in the long run. People that are afraid of change always get left behind in life, like the British and their Brexit bullshit. Adapt to changes in your environment or cease to exist. That's the only true rule of life. I'm offering my services as robot culinary instructor to anyone willing to pay me. The future is here and my back already feels better.
Rad
He can't even cook a burger why does he have a show?
Really like the show but surely he needs to cut down on the burgers for like health reasons...
Robots and burgers don't mix.. Who wants to Cyberdine out when you can eat T-1000 calories at McDonald's?
Dey derk errr jerbss!!
I'll take the human made any day. Automation succeeds in time, yet fails in execution. The made at home burger is far superior. Who cares about empty promises of efficiency. Good food is done when it is done. If you want fast, start a microwave and be prepared for disappointment.
I don;t think our burger chefs need to worry too much about this. The thing that chefs at a griddle can do that this can't is make multiple burgers at once. So, all things considered even if there turn around time on a single burger is slower they can make burgers faster as a whole
Baby Spinach would be better.
My god if he moved that slow in even a shitty pub kitchen he would lose his job day one. Always gotta be thinking ahead and moving quick.
I grew up watching Mythbusters and I used to think Tory was hilarious.. That and wanted to bone the redhead
He needs to lay off of the burgers and start eating less....a lot less....and clean lean meat.
Mmm, grate cheese directly on the bun, so it allows to beef patty to settle by cooling it resulting in a not very melted cheese experience? Of course you demo the "California classic", where the toppings are backwards. Can we skimp a bit more on the fries? Are they skin-on flavored with pink sea salt chunks, cause that goes great on my avocado omlette toast, dude.

I'm a french fry purist, animal fats make the best flavor. When we got rid of that and went veggie oil, we traded hated trans-fats for a lower smoke threshold that actually has a higher risk of cancer.

Every restaurant (Sonic, Wendy's, backyard, everyone) who decided to include the skin-on option for their fries shaved a fraction of cents per pound loss from peeling potatoes, while including the "healthiest" part of the fry. What they don't want to admit is it turns the fry oil dark 3x as fast, and we're talking before they shift it from fries to fish to chicken nuggets, at which point it looks like 80 wt. motor oil.

Those patties look like they were made by mcdonald's sad meals.

Will it replace humans? Yes. When it serves humans.
Has Alvin put on weight?
not trying to be a sore loser. HMMM
I was hoping to see jamie
The human lost because the human was making a robot burger. Humans don’t make robot burgers. The competition should of been you have 5 minutes no more no less. Robot you make the best burger you can and human you make the best burger you can.
it will not replace humans, but it my replace you, brother. i really do fear for your health. if you ever get serious about getting healthier you WILL find support in this community.
15$ an hour minimum wage ? Well here is the answer , now no one will work , good job libtards
So let's clean the comment , ...Story ; guy inherited his parent restaurant where he works as a child , the ""machine""worked well because kids work for proper wage , today people want to get the manager wage pay for flipping the first day ....the owner refuse , they marched , cry ,got crooked politician who want their vote to change the law . The kid who saw his inheritance threaten decided to get rid of the human factor and get robots to do the work without the crying entitle libtard, McDonald's brought in robot to get rid of the crying cashier , so they will buy that kids robot , supply and demand . The demand was too expensive , now the kid bring the right supply . I would definitely buy from that robot burger ! Good job kid !
Who tf picks up a burger with their bare hands and hands it to someone? Especially those Jabba the hut hands.
Damn, he really went into this unprepared. Kinda sucks.
To be fair, your onion and tomato would have been sliced already.
If Alvin isn’t in a burger show I won’t watch it
Lose some weight dude plz stop being so American
That is one of the dumbest things I have seen recently.
Not a fair challenge. You should just make your burger. Similar but how you would actually make it.
cant wait till mcdonalds gets these no more cumshots in your milkshakes
2.5 minutes isnt bad?  Now multiply that by 2-3x hundred burgers a day.
As always great episode,  however the challenge kind of missed the point (yeah I know it works for entertainment) because the benefit of a human chef is that they can throw away the recipe and make something special. The robot will make fast food better because currently McDonalds and co. are basically trying to make humans as robotic as possible to limit their cooking range to eliminate error. Much better to have a robot do it it coz it can do a passable product that will be the same every time. Again, this is not going to replace good food, just might make fast food a little better. Humans want more than just taste also, they want an experience and a human can give them that. My favourite cafe in the world is just a tiny room with the chef cooking on the same bench as you eat on. You get to interact with the chef who is extremely charismatic. This is something a robot can't do but maybe it could make our food experiences better in other food environments.
Great video!!!! I have to check this place out!Can’t wait for yall’s next burger adventure! 
❤️🍔❤️
Why is everyone sad this guy is killing himself with burgers? Seems appropriate to me.
Measurements should've been pre done and he should've had a scale of humanness where he could add spices and stuff but maybe no more beef
Pewdiepie SHOULD HOT ONE
Extremely fat guy tries to explain why his burgers are better than a robots
So, um... I actually don't like unstructured burgers that just flop apart when you even look at them. :(
That $15 an hour just keeps getting farther and farther away, doesn't it?
Alvin needs to lose weight or he will be dead
Humans would be faster if you didn't do one at a time like the machine.
Jesus! Lose some weight. Not for me, but for yourself.
What happens when robots take over the world, oh yeah, no one cares lol
Vote in $15 per hour and this is where your burger flipping job will go.
Too bad it still needs to be manually refilled.
Alvin has lost some weight
what size shirt is that? murican?
whos the big guy? the worlds worst cook?
What they don't touch on with the timings is that the machine sequentially does ONE burger at a time where a human can be preparing many burgers in parallel.
This dude sucks at making burgers ,
To anyone reading this, know that success is coming this is year, hope our channel helps!!!
Host is so unhealthy and nobody cares
Guy is making burgers whole life and still burn the bun what a shame.
I feel bad for all the people in LA who’ve never ate at Whataburger
Can you image all fast food places just having robots make everything? Bet McDonald's is working in this right now.
You guys need to do hot ones with Marilyn Manson or Norman reedus
Dudes hard to watch.  Scraggly beard and morbid obesity.  Dude needs to get healthy if he’s gonna keep doing a show.  For his own health.  Watching him eat is like watching an alcoholic drink himself to death.
I got an ad by simple before the vid
Change the host nobody likes seeing this guy kill himself on this show its sad man
1:10 that burger looks like crap
Look at the views from the hot wings challenge and views from this crap. Stick with celebrity wings challenge please
I can see that taking away millions of jobs....
All the fast food chains will invest heavily in this and within 15 years all burger cook jobs are gone... 20  years, all pizza, short order, sandwich artists...  and saying 15-20 years is very generous... more people out of the workforce... more profit for the wealthy...
Step 1: Fast food minimum wage increases. 
Step 2: Someone makes an automatic burger maker. 
Step 3: Living wage humans get fired and replaced with machines. 

Oops...
A skilled chef could easily make more than 12 burgers in an hour. You can cook more than one at a time. The burger machine can’t.
“Professional Chef” LMFAO.
I can’t stand this dude. I wish I could cause I love food and I love burgers. 

Also seriously. he burnt the bread.
But is it more Burger or more Robot more importantly where's the lamb sauce
Fat guy is a hater
We need Pewdiepie on Hot Ones
Ok... can itcook more than one patty at a time?
This show should chill until Alvin loses some weight. Being a foodie isn’t about being unhealthy.
that burger looks like you
You ignore that a chef can parallelize to produce multiple burgers at once. I've never seen a cook station with a single pan. You should be comparing average time per burger to the 5 minute figure (unless you think urgency outweighs throughput, and unless that machine has parallelization which was suspiciously never mentioned).
First we Feast needs to help homie lose weight hes getting so big he can barely breathe and feels slow
Oh I just saw this and clicked on it and didn't hesitate just had to click it for the sake of the late great show that is the mythbusters
Do something about your health bro ❤😔👌
Very njce
He gains the weight matt stonie doesn't
Oh shit uploaded 47 seconds ago?
Dis man got on a romper lol
What chef can't multitask a single burger in one pan?
This place is in the building I work in. It is crap. The robots break down all the time and require human intervention. Also the burger is shit. Everything is off from seasoning to patty size to portion size of ingredients.
ALVIN! Get healthy man. You're getting too heavy. Your heart,blood vessels in your brain and arteries can't take it... We want to see you around for at least 40 more years bro.
You picked the right guy for this show, “fat and gr*ss”
Honestly I see something like this making it in big chains that care only about speed and consistency, McDs and the like. But anywhere beyond that I don’t see it taking off. Mom and pop hole in the walls won’t want/be able to afford it and the likely maintenance.
1:25 How they do six dollar burgers? Aren't a McD cheeseburger like $1? ...
I wonder how long the mythbusters b team is going to ride on the mythbusters name.
SALMON PATTIES ARE THE WAY TO GO❕🐟
Jeeeeeez man. Please try to lose some weight....
Our boy Alvin needs to start working on that gut man... Am genuinely worried about the dude, I just want him to be able to keep making these awesome vids for us!
Plsss bring Zayn Malik in Hot Ones like this so they can see it 
👇🏻
bro you just got your ass beat by a robot lmao just shouldve taken your time and made it taste 200x better
and iRobot
Just imagine a year from now when they inevitably stop cleaning this machine thoroughly and the absolute nastiness that will ensue. No Thanks.
The machine is faster because you're too damn slow! I'd fire you quick lol!
Oh God Tori is old
Alvin seems to about to explode.
needs more salt is not a critique
lol this will replace mcdonalds worker real fast. #yanggang2020
Can’t be wearing that one piece big bro
Alvin should be walking instead of riding a segway
3:57, All jokes aside Alvin....but man it hurts me to see you this big man. You have to lose weight for your health. I know it's hard with the temptations in the industry your in, but there shouldn't be any excuses because you are in control of what you put in your mouth. Alvin you are breathing heavily, walking lethargically and forcing energy. Please Alvin stay strong and you can do this. I believe in you.
Give me a human cooking anytime, machines can not adjust for minor discrepancies that occur in variables that a machine is unable to take account for.
Too many things have been lost to machines that have become bland and boring today, from old style hand crafted master artisan ship of anything.
Old world had style and today is just bland and boring, I vote human every time and I say piss on costs.
Art is human not machine so stuff the machines as trophies of a bygone era.
God damn robots takin our jerbs
Keep robots out of our burgers!
eggslut
Alvin is getting bigger and bigger ... Maybe he should rather search for the best salad.
I would like to taste Kari Byron's burger
Put some makeup on that man. His acne is so bad, made the show unappetizing.
How is this guy a chef?
0:54 Alvin looks HUGE. Lose some weight my dude
K
Could we get a real chef in here! Please
''as a chef i think the salad is a little messy'' are you serious bro
You FLEW to SF? Yikes. Please tell me you bought the whole row?
There's more soul in the human burger
i dont like this oh no
The fat man looks disrespected
While homeless people are suffering. Lol
McDonald's be like "Grab the champagne- It's time to get rid of minimum wage!!"
Great episode. The Creator is cool as hell.
Robots are incapable of feelings and therefore can not put love into the food they make. Love is the base in every recipe to a delicious meal, just ask my mamma. ;)
Does he even know what hes doing
Who's the blueberry? Is he a First We Feast dude? I'm a newbie.
You wouldn't serve a burnt bun though in a restaurant, or spend time measuring seasoning and slice thickness. Down with the machines!
This fat pinoy is growing on me literally
“I’m a chef...”, says the fat dude. 

... can’t even toast a burger bun.
Has that guy had  a stroke? his speech is all slow and messed up. It was kinda sad when he went up against the robot, he's really slow
Let me know how long and how often that robot needs maintenance and cleaning. And please... thicker burgers... its close to Burger King thin man! Can robot test freshness of ingredientes too?
Just because its a burger show doesn't mean you should get a host that looks like a burger
Ironic they're talking about Wall-E when the host is a morbidly obese man in a jump suit...
This dude needs to start losing weight, or he may not live much longer.
Dude was moving so slow, tf? and all that seasoning in the middle, not even spread around. Talk about taking one on the chin for $$$
There haven't been any long/wide shots of Alvin yet, he's always behind a counter/sitting.  Man is HUGE.  He really needs to lose some of that before we lose him.
So who wanted 15 dollars per hour for flipping burgers. Meet your replacement!!!!!
Way to take the fun and craftsmanship out of cooking, techbro. No need to be creators when we can just be consumers, right? Get off my lawn. Get out of my kitchen.
Insert obligatory comment about how Alvin needs to lose weight.
The host is cringe and awkward.
You're going to see more of these burger machines if you keep raising the minimum wage. Restaurants and other businesses won't hire people if they can afford a machine that does a human's job even better than some humans and all it costs is the one-time price of the machine.
those burgers are coming out of his face and head
can we please stop calling it silicon valley? literally no one here calls it that.
Ummm... break down the machine everyday with a minimum wage employee doing it, clean every single thing (I worry about the wood... why wood? where is the food grade plastic?  and those nylon components? porous.... how did this pass health inspection?) and have that employee properly reassemble the machine alone...   Is the controller internet enabled... of course it is cause someone will want to order online.... are you using a data diode to isolate the web site system from the controller?  well your business was just hacked....  and where is the refrigeration?  I saw no condensation anywhere...  And bugs... and flies...  is it a positive air pressure container?  If it was then things will be drying out....  better refrigerate... but wait, there isn't any...   BTW.... wood and nylon.... rats love chewing on stuff.... and making holes... ONE RAT IN THE TOMATO SILO and an online order will shut your nationwide business down forever.... think instagram...  but you won't put the machine in the back... cause that is what you are selling - the spectacle - so Mr. Rat gets sliced into slices on your burger... yay...  You need risk analysis, you need disaster avoidance analysis, you need a freaking health inspector, and you need a better business plan
Even as a near 30yr vegan/veggie human(& sue chef) , so many entertaining and interesting elements keep me loving this episode.  Cool levels of challenge going.
Matty Matherson makes fat look cool. Alvin makes me straight up concerned for his health. I hope he starts taking care of himself
this is epic
This guy is disgustingly fat, hard to look at while eating/thinking about eating.
hmmn thought he was going hottt... ahhh welll another channel that doesnt deliver
Lol how was that pay raise food chain workers!? Look on a cheap replacement to you in the long run.
this series would get more views is the host was different
perfect proof of concept for how the small-time burger-flipper job will disappear within the next 10 years. if alvin works 12 hours non-stop grinding and slicing to-order, he can make 96 burgers. but since he's human, in most countries he is required to have 1 hour of break within those 12 hours, plus a 5-10 minute break after every hour worked. so if he's open for 12 hours, he can actually work only 10-ish hours, reducing his capacity to just 80 burgers / day. each burger á $6 is $480 gross revenue per day. this machine, which looks like a prototype, can go for 12 hours without a single break, producing 144 burgers á $6 which is $864. let's go up to a year. alvin has to take one day off per week, and three weeks off per year for vacation, and let's say 3 weeks of sick leave so that is 365-52-21-21 = 221 days worked, coming to a toal of $106,080 revenue per year. let's say that the machine needs 1 hour of routine maintenance each day and 1 full day of scheduled offline maintenance per month. other than that it works year-round, so 365-6-12 = 347 days worked á $864 per day = $299,808 in revenue. that is 2.8x more than what alvin can do alone. added benefits are, it doesn't need training, no HR service required (that is hiring, contracting, performance management, motivation), no benefits payed, absolute ZERO attrition, no no-call-no-show, no conflict management... and absolutely, positively, NO BURNT BUNS. you can immediately reap benefits of a mechanization, such as measuring and managing the use of ingredients down to milliliter / gramm. if you have 5 of these devices in a 24-7 shop, and let's say 5 minutes is the prototype-speed, the optimized speed would be 4 minutes, you could get a yearly revenue of $3,747,600 using the above calculation. you just need two guys there, one to sweep the floor/open the doors/take away the trays and one to feed the machine. and a couple of guys in a central office who look at the statistics and configure the machine firmware.
i am astonished that such a machine even exists. i never knew that a segway that could carry that much weight
1st
man i wouldn't trust a robot for my food
This is what the $15+ minimum wage gets you.  Unemployed.  You could gang up 10 of these machines and a couple of employees and gin out a serious amount of burgers and fries.  I could see a drive through burger joint where you would order your burger on a phone and pick it up and be gone.
I'm not down with robots taking jobs away from people
Who has Kenji's Food Lab book? Don't sleep, it's one of the best. Anyone got a favorite recipe?
Still waiting on Kenji actually drops some videos on his channel
This is the best and most entertaining episode of this show by far.
Kenji's a legend. Thanks for the home tips too.
Shout out to Babish for name dropping Kenji so often which made this video catch my eye
I love the little extra props/tests he does to make idiots like me understand
Alton Brown would be proud of this episode.
Sooo many of my go-to recipes are from seriouseats and Kenji. Dude, thanks for the chili!
We need an episode that brings together George Motz and Kenji.  George can dish on classic regional burger styles, and Kenji can rock the food science behind them.
This dude is an underground legend, damn!
Kenji Alt-Lopez for Hot Ones please. This dude taught me how to make the best burger ever
Shout out to the editors of first we feast!!!!!!
Y'all keeping it real, making sense of all the insane footage, im sure, they give you.
"You want to handle your meat as little as possible"
1) He did not have a microscope....and 
2) He DEFINITELY did not look at an onion under it
Burger for the single guy, who buys 3 large cuts of beef and has their own meat grinder..
Kenji is so witty; a really fast thinker. And a true food scientist.
"If the rule you followed brought you to this, of what use was the rule?" -Anton Chigurh, on death (and possibly burgers)
I'm a simple man. I see J. Kenji Lopez-Alt, I click.
It's over Kenji

I have the high ground 

beef
Kenji! You are doing gods work, even tho god doesn't exist!!!
Seeing Alvin run 2 inches in the first five seconds made my day
Didn't need that 2nd slice of tomato.
10:20 Oh my god. He is actually making steamed hams
Thank you for saying the meat comes from a STEER. I've lost count of all the city cowboys I've met who point to a steer and say, "look at all those cows!"
But... where’s the GoPro strapped to his head.
"I'm more of a bottoming type of guy" 

Oh ;) I see ;)
Damn Alvin, get on  healthy program. You must've gained 50 pounds since last season! We're only telling you this because you're too young to have health issues that will take your life...
A single-person burger recipe lol this vid is right for me..

*cries inside
"hamburger for a single guy" - bought 3 different meats for grinding
s/o binging with babish who for a long time has mentioning J kenji lopez alt's name but now i finally know who he is :)  :^)
"I'm more of a bottomings kinda guy"
He needs a show with Alton Brown Co Hosting. Haven’t learned this much about food since “Good Eats”
Damn I learned a lot from this. Thanks Kenji 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
Dude I love kenji his Vids are super satisfying to watch
Alvin needs to get healthy! Makes me feel bad. I bet Motz and Kenji together would be nuts! Get on it FWF
Even though I worked at a 50s diner burger joint for a couple years, I could never get used to cutting onions. They tear me up, and I'm glad I got a good tip from this on how to properly cut my onions from now on. Thanks, Kenji.
I wish Mr. López-Alt was the host of the burger show...
So eloquent and knowledgeable <3
Best series ever with my favorite people from the cooking sphere of YouTube.
Alvin is such a nice guy. But he should really lose some weight man.. it's not very.. appetizing to watch him imo.
Kenji talking for nearly two minutes with goddamn baloons and stuff that cutting onions across gives more aroma.
Alvins subtitles: cutting pole-to-pole gives more aroma. WHY?
He explained it so incredibly well, and with scientific descriptions. This is probably the best burger show episode yet! Super in depth and knowledgable
Awesome looking patty, melted cheese,  steamed onions and bun sounding and looking amazing........ two THICK cut slices of tomato 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Wow, that onion pole-to-pole cell explanation was really fascinating. This is a brilliant episode.
Lol that sound effect is not a light sabre, it's a Protoss building warp.
So a well-eaten homeless sumo wrestler interviews mr. Miyagi about burgers. Subscribed.
Man,like watching a cooking Bill Nye or Beakman. That was pretty cool,I'm gonna have to give this recipe a go sometime.
somebody save alvin.
I love the science breakdown... I remember these tips so much better that way!  I saw Lopez explain hollandaise sauce almost a year ago, and I nail it every time now. Look it up!!
My boy Kenji! Dude is a MASTER.
i love j kenji 
hes taught me so many things about cooking, need to grab that book
I LOOOOOVE THIS BURGER SHOW! Please keep the episodes coming forever! I need these to get my appetite up before dinner!
i cringe everytime i go to the store and scan over the $12/lb wagyu ground beef lol
i love this show.  Accessible for the plebs but also great for cooks to learn some new shit
more of a bottomings kind of guy
So wait, how did he end up cutting the onion?
I just started to make my burgers this way, and I can confirm that this is by far the best way to do it.  Don't over form your burgers!!!!  Great video.  Cheers.
THIS. Was. Freaking. Awesome. 
I was sitting here thinking I'd merely get entertained. Maybe even build up some burger appetite or burger envy - but I got schooled - in addition to all that... I got smashed with burger KNOWLEDGE. I bow to you Sensei. I'd be greedy if I ask for more, but that would only be the truth. I am greedy for the words of The Burger Masters.
you know it's scientific if he uses words "precursor chemicals" :-)
J. Kenji is one of my favorite people. I love his blog and everything he puts out. Glad to see him on the show!!! Love the Star Wars theme.
Man I love Kenji's work. Glad he's on the show.
At 1:43 it sounds like when u start building protoss structures in Starcraft
When you want to be a professor but you like cooking
This video was so good I kept wanting to upvote it throughout at different parts but then instantly remember that I already have.
as soon as this guy said pickles and onions are the most important toppings he earned all of my respect
"You always want to cut against the grain" I'm shook
The source for all of binging with babish's techniques
🦀KENJI BURGER🦀
Of course I looked at onions under a microscope when I was a kid...
I'm going to try to make it to Kenji's restaurant, Wursthall, next time I go to San Jose for work (yes, I know it's a bit north of SJC.) I'm looking forward to that more than vacation...lol.
Yo that other guy knows his stuff damn
1 more burger alvins gonna blow!
Orbital can be 360 not just horizontal like an equator...
Thank you for the 411.. STAY KRYPTIC YO.!!!
This is the collab I never knew I needed
I wish i could throw meat at a wall and just decide which one is better  through an arbitrary statement in any scientific assignment ive ever done
The way he talks about cooking burgers is beautiful
Didn't know burgers had myths and I didn't know this was First We Feast even though I'm subscribed and belled to them
Hell yeah bois, it’s burger time.
Haven't watched yet but I already know this is gonna be good

Edit: Not disappointed whatsoever.
I own his book food lab, I love it.
Yah, yeah, yea, yuh... (Subtitles) I really enjoyed this video though. 😂😋
for a guy/show claiming to love burgers, you sure do waste more than any other show
I just bought a tiny cast iron burger pan on Amazon!  great tip!
I cant believe you guys brought Kenji to the show!! <3
This host is the spanish version of Kingpinin from the spiderman animation movie
Kenji's "Food Lab" is a staple in our home. His pancake and waffle recipes make the best breakfast's you'll ever taste.
10/10 propwork
Amazing food show; Hot Ones is flash, The Burger Show is substance. 👍
Pretty sure Alvin never looked at onions under a microscope
I want nothing to do with a burger made by someone who forgoes emotion and passion. Burger "Jedi", what a joke.


(Fanboy-ism aside, he seems like a great guy and the burgers look awesome.)
Kenji, may the Borce be with you!
Just imagine this duo making a show about burgers on Netflix...
thumbs up J. Kenji López-Alt
You had me until the lettuce and tomatoes on the bottom. Onions and pickles gotta go on the bottom.
I'm envious of that dudes meat grinder.  I"m gonna have to buy some of those short ribs and sirloin. Brisket is just too damn expensive with all the BBQers making it a boutique cut.
7:15
Flat earthers are triggered.
"you always want to cut against the grain" lmao
making burger the ususal way, you should not.
So by Season III you meant salt pepper and love right?
i only put two toppings on my burger pickles and onions, and forgot to put pickles on the burger
MmM those burgers look GOOD!!
these 2 guys together have some of the best chemistry of any host combos I've seen
Serbian pljeskavica is totally different, and yes, you guys suck
Still, nothing can beat the simplicity of a good smash burgers.
Love this episode, the best so far
says if he could only put on two things it would be pickles and onions. doesn't put on pickles*
@10:21 I see what you did there! AD + Facts = the more you know! ;)
10:34 kenji is a power bottom
So many of his recipes is wonderful, and it's hard to pick a favorite. But the meatloaf is the best iv'e ever had, and the peruvian chicken is one of my favorites for grilled chicken. That sauce is pretty much good on anything. The technique for coleslaw was revolutionary for me!


The book is definately a fantastic read, but his column at Serious Eats has almost all information from the book, and much more.
I am so excited about his upcoming book! Because of his absence from Serious Eats i'd guess he has quite a lot of new techniques, science and recipes up his sleeve.
What kind of pan was that?  Amazon link please.
Alvin looking like GG Allin with the beanie + sunglasses.
Lettuce and tomato: The easiest way to ruin a good burger.
Oh shit this is that guy that does the Chorizo grilled cheese video that I’ve watched 12 times already.
If someone has to ask if they got hit in the nards...
Holy shit!  My mind is blown!  Epic!!!
Amazing demonstration on the science of onion cutting.
10:33 confirmed bottom
I was waiting for this
WE LOVE KENJI
You always cut against the grain. 🤯
Late Night Chorizo Grilled Cheese
Didmt knowsww a mew season is already herrrrrr finaaaaaalyyyyy
Huge fan of Kenji and the food lab.  Good get fellas.
Hmm, not much off a Jedi do I see in this one. A Yoda I do see, Burger Yoda. And yes Yoda is a Jedi; I understand this, yet Yoda has always beet a class apart from what the Jedi belief has always been.  Yoda's exceptional abilities has been allowed within the Jedi order because of this.  
He understands the sect, yet pushes those boundaries within and to understand those outward.   That is what makes a Yoda.
Kenji is the god strictly by virtue that he taught me to cook somewhat competently, a feat of colossal magnitude
This was magical
Asalt!!!! You just earn my respect kenji
Get Alvin a shave, a wardrobe makeover, a gym membership, and then replace him with this fella. Folks aren’t watching this because the host has the personality of a burger.
Kenji has always been great. Love his channel
Invite Jimmy Car
It’s the late night chorizo grilled cheese guy!
Wait are you in San Mateo California?
I'm more of a vers bottom when it comes to burger toppings
"do i get to ride on your back here..?" giggle LOL
i need an episode where alvin goes to the gym so that i know that this show will continue to live on.
Toejam and earl look different then I remember
Hello there.  Kenji is my guy.
They forgot the pickles! :(
There is a scientific reason why Burger King /Hungry Jacks and Mcdonalds  put their salad on top.
So...do George and Kenji agree??
Great production! Thank you!
Raw onion and burnt pepper... Bro
Honestly when I saw the thumbnail I thought it was Martin Shkreli
0:48 10/10 edit skills
I loved the part when the woman was walking up just after Kenji threw the first patty with that wtf look on her face.
That made me want to salt my meat before grinding.
im sure everyone had microscopes and used it to look at onions.
8:50 did he say "That's so cool dad?
i always find myself craving a burger after this show, i dont know why though
Kanji is the man!!!!! I’ve learned so much from his book and website! His beef stew recipe turned everything I thought about stew on its head.
Who to trust, this guy, or Gordon Ramsay who is one of the top chef of the world ... mmh
that ‘mind blown’ pause was on point
wait what did he say about edm?
Suprised the Star Wars Disney dictators didn't make a copyright complaint on this
10:34 Kenji is a bottom confirmed
Warning: Dont put a towel over it if you have a gas stove/ open flame, notice kenji has induction/electric one.
Hey Alvin.. Maybe less with the delicious burgers...
Kenji been putting in work cool to see him on dis
THEY FORGOT THE PICKLES
he just disproved his theory of cutting against the grain... just kidding, know what he meant. MY ALL TIME FAV YOUTUBER YOUR RAGU IS THE BEST ONE I HAVE EVER HAD
Kenji isn't just a food jedi, he's a food wizard.
It's so weird seeing them at a place that's maybe 10 minutes from my house talking about burgers. Also, there is a really good burger place right at the end of the block from Wursthall. Another thing, Wursthall is delicious it's just super expensive.
the credits tho....now thats how you finish a god damn youtube video
Editing Mistake: cutting an onion orbitally releases more flavour. The edit incorrectly stated pole to pole is better.
be buildin these burgers this weekend.....thanks, great vid...........many love, much props
I never knew there was so much science in a burger 😂
dude i  use the same spatula as 9:27 but left-handed
He said “I’m a bottom kind of guy” 😂
This is by far the episode of this show that has sold it all to me.
Very well done
Big fan of Kenji and one day when I can save money will buy his book!
Cheese and bacon...eminently better toppings.
Amazing episode. Learned so much I never knew I needed to know.
You guys shoot this in San Mateo?
The two toppings for my burger are mustard and a top bun.  Repeat until satisfied.
The classic “go” to start the cold open
Such a great series.  Well done.
Great video, Another important aspect would be what kind of grind to use( course, fine, single, double etc.....)
Finally, the episode I've been waiting MONTHS for!
KENJIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Butter and grill that bun, Son.
Man’s voice sounds like legend Jordan Schlansky
OOOOOOH SHOOT! YOU GOT KENJI ON THIS!!!!
1:55 best burger show episode 🤣🤣
DO CARDI B!!!!!!!
The J in J Kenji stands for Jesus.
I'm going pan shopping at the weekend🍔😎
I literally made burgers for dinner and now I'm hungry for more again
Science makes everything better
I LOVE well cooked burgers!
Solid recipe right there
Can I see Kenji Lopez on Binging With Babish at least once before I die?
J kenji lopez is so smart hut also a lot of fun to watch
"wtf those tomatoes."
-East Coaster.
5:04 Imagine walking up and seeing someone throwing burger patties, at someone else with a tray shield, outside of a restaurant.
What he says is true but nothing new. Most celebrity chefs for example follow the same rules recommended in this video.
Grind All that Meat and Feed Your Camera Crew... Burger for One ¿
Star Wars fight scene intensified
Wings burgers and pizzas sometimes show
Love the show, this is the best episode ever!!
This is the most important video.
Good video but please don't throw your food
This man does the burger lords work!
YOOOOO NO WAYYYY YALL GOT KENJI
Wow I've learned so much.
Someplace I still can't afford.
>BASED GOD HAS JOINED THE SERVER
Love Kenji's late night cooking videos haha He's so knowledgeable.
the pepper burned at that heat
This dude not have a channel?
He is THE MAN!
I live by Kenji's cookbook and blog, so I'm super stoked to see him on the show!
Toppings on the bottom? Heresy!
I love how the lazy method almost always wins.
Lmao said his top two toppings are pickles and onions but the final doesn’t have pickles
Which 1 did I've picked? Me doesn't have no choice, I love them all delicious.
Oh man far and away best episode so far! Less hypebeast shit more of whatever this is
Well done.!!! Me likey.
I learned a few things cool episode! 👍
Imagine the host sexually assaulting a PA.
You throw enough patties at the wall, something’s bound to stick
"You look at onions under a microscope when you were a kid?" "Yeah man for sure." Lol nothing weird about that.
More Kenji! I bet he could get through Hot Ones without complaining as much as Gordon :)
4:58 vegan conversion therapy
LOVE THIS GUY
Burger Show just keeps getting better and better
Jesus christ, that intro made me jump.
Nice to see Alvin running doe...
Great show 👏👏👏
bit confused; so what is the best way to cut the onion?
anybody get an Alvin ad before this?
My favourite chef Kenji Lopez💜💙💚
Absolutely excellent video! Im a chef by trade and I found it very inspiring and full of knowledge!
Only if u knew how thankfull i am bcuz of this show
Did he forget the pickle?!
Still learned more in this episode than I did in college
This was really, really good. Thanks for exposing me to Kenji! I think I'm making burgers tonight!
why steam the buns instead of toasting their cut sides in butter?
Burgers Are just life sometimes 😉😊
what a psycho, shredded lettuce??
I got hungry when they were making the burger 🤤
handle ya meat as little as possible
you gotta get greg from ballistic bbq
that beard though , so luxurious
When you have your own add on your own channel.
I absolutely love the video but how did you not get like copyright strikes by Disney
the heart attack show
Okay I’m normally a hater but this was a good episode.
So that's how you make steamed hams
Gotta fry those onions man!
Brisket makes the best burger.  It's all I eat.
They didn't put the pickles in it!
Thank you. Like Babish said dont ever salt your meat when forming a patty.
The onion demonstration was awesome!
08:53 looks like a 6" cast iron pan
I'm starting to worry about Alvin he's looking bigger and bigger :/ hope he's healthy
You had me at “Kenji”
now if we only had a Pizza Show, my Life would be complete :-D
so kenji was the jedi burger?
vertical onions got it
Yeah science, biaatchhh.
Not only is chuck steak convenient but it's also cheap. I like using top 95% sirloin and 5% pork fat. It makes for a great texture
onion break down was brazy
Shredded lettuce on a burger is a sin.
1.25x speed
Welcome to good burger what can I get you
No pickles?
Bro Alvin looks badass in those robes
FAKE! 1:46 everyone knows that two green light sabers would never clash in battle!
Dude, you gotta lose some weight...... if you continue this, you're not gonna live long....
I wonder if those methods also apply to meatballs or Hamburg steaks
Can you dry-brine your meat before cutting and grinding?
Man had the balloons ready for the onion demo..... thats so extra I love it
Burger nerdy goodness.
my dude needs to get real about his healthy weight, i dont want to lose him
Love this dude!
Facial hair isn't for everyone.
this guy research
Please bring this guy back like the burger sensei from last episode.
Morbidly obese host back at it again, adding nothing to the conversation
Right right right
Best one yet.
A link to the burger lab blog?
Great. Now I want a burger even though I already had dinner.
Salt after forming the patty.
Babish would be proud.
the fast food heston blumenthal
Burger busters
someone tell alvin to clean them elbows god damn bro
is it me or does Kenji in the thumbnail look like Elysia Wood
Alvin, you need to diet & exercise. Begin that journey immediately. That being said of course, you are a wonderful human being, you come off very authentic, sweet, and are incredibly entertaining as a show host, and person in general. 

That being said, please make healthy life choices. Your family, friends, and fans would love to see you around for a very, very long time. 

That being said, that will not happen if you don’t implement some serious change to your daily life.

Sending my 2¢ with a side of love,
Andrew ♥️
Is it just me or has he gotten thinner?
I miss Kenji!
Tiny pan (TM)
SEASON THE TOMATOES
Alvin pls lay off the burgers ma man, you ain't looking so good
for real tho dont make Alvin run he might have a heart attack
I live in The Netherlands and i just get a packet of ground beef cut it in half and flick it in the frying pan as a square, i used to actually make circles but there is actually no real reason to do that and in my experience it actually causes it to be cooked a little more unevenly.

And if i don't have to make it for other people i just eat it on whole grain bread, dutch bread is great. (Basically after a night of drinking, or at night after drinking because it's healthier than dutch takeout "shit out of the wall")
Alvin looks sick
Cheers now I’m hungry
Dude looks like a walking heart attack
Alvins T shirt could make at least 5 medium sized T shirts jesus
Power bottom kind of guy
I have been avoiding the burger show but I will ALWAYS watch a video where I can learn something from Kenji. The man is a legend.
I love handling my meat tho..
Man he’s so unpleasant to look at on a food show... the man is going to drop dead from a heart attack someday soon..
Kenji Wan Kenobi
The best food in the world is made when nerds cook
Awesome haha always entertaining
The simplest way to avoid that onion burn is to never use onion.
The fork is strong with this one?
more Kenji please
I'm going to try these techniques now
your in San Mateo!!!!!!
burger Yoda
Puff pastry burger buns... hmm might worth a try.
KENJI IS GOD
To cook the best burger, “you must un-learn what you have learned.”
When I make a burger, I want it to be tender enough that I can have it fall apart before it connects with the face of the person I'm throwing it at.
Never ever thrust a chef to make you a burger.
Remember kids, handle your meat as little as possible
5:06 LOL!
5:00 are these two playing with their meat in public?
I dont know how a feel about the unformed patties. Looks like it falling apart
I'm sure Babish was the first to watch this one. He loves J Kenji Lopez-Alt
The knowledge drop on this episode o Mai gardd
also.. you wont tear up cutting an onion if you dont cut off its core. not using a sharp knife nothing else. dont cut its root and youll be fine :)
Wait there are burger myths?
He needs to upload more
<3 Kenji
Okay I'm down for ep 2
Thats a pass from me, I hate crunchy burgers.
this is actually so sick wtf
But lovely episode!!
Dude that looks so good why can't fast-food burgers look like that because they don't take their time it's called fast food burger for a reason but anyways yummy now I'm going to go eat
Kenji is the GOAT
science
kenji is such a good guy
Kenji is the GOAT
Oh is that guy who eat his burger while the grill is still on fire
Love the video guys
Why wasn't the bun toasted? I also use garlic salt instead of just plain salt. Putting the cubes in the freezer for 20 minutes before grinding will prevent the mixture from getting mushy and stringy. You can substitute bacon for the short ribs if you want a fattier burger. Good tips overall though. Thanks for posting!
What about the myth of adding bread crumbs to the ground meat?
Good Eats 2.0 = Serious Eats
It's da science man
alvin is a burger
Aaaaaannnnnd NOW I need a burger.
God damn it, it's 7 am and I want a burger.
People say dont play with food for a reason
That segway is screaminggg.
Watched this video and made some burgers for lunch. all I had was ground chuck but cutting the onions, salting before they go into the pan and putting the buns on top. Wow you all just upped by burger game. This series has helped me in the kitchen so much.
That's a damn good burger #jakehunter88
That was really cute the way he looked at him at 6:50
I never knew there were burger myths.
Kenji: Not into toppings, into bottoming.
JKLA is the hero we need
You guys needa get Ryan Reynolds on the show, that would be awesome
SCIENCE ALERT !
Kenji is a legend
Best method to stop crying with onions is to stick out your tongue as the gasses are attracted to moisture. You can also place a damp cloth around your face, nose area, for the same effect.
What tastes better? A smash burger or this one?
aite my dudes you can have the 'like' just for 1:51 alone
In the future, an alien civilization will study an extinct humanity and determine the use of the term "Burger Varietal" marked the beginning of the decline of human civilization.
Get 6lack on this
Waiting for Babish to respond to 6:23
Onions release sulfur gas which combines with the water in your eyes to make sulfuric acid
No one cares who's first
So by chance he also had a microscope as a kid and looked at onion cells through it?
looks good but i still love my smash burgers
now we know
i love the burger show
kenji dad jokes on point
Why don't you link to his blog then?
6:45 but....but... but it’s not November yet 😥
thats one big boi
Can I get a butcher to grind the cuts together?
You can also prevent crying while cutting onions by chewing gum while cutting onions.
My midichlorian count is over 8,000!
You guys should help kenji make more videos and your god/higher being will thank you
Get Seth McFarland on Hot ones
Chocolate rain, some stay dry and others feel the pain
Flat earth is out, onion earth is in
The guy in the black looks like one of the pigs from Angry Birds.  hahah, Just saying.
Careful with the star wars stuff! They are owned by Disney now. Lol.
BABISH SHOULD WATCH THIS!
BRB, getting a burger.
Kenji ❤️
this made me so gah damn hungry
That was dope
Loved it all. Then ruined with large pieces of tomato......
Everything is cheap relative to Wagyu, it's one of the most expensive beefs around. Shortrib is NOT cheap by any stretch of the imagination. This blend will taste delicious, but it'll still be $5-$7 /lb. Compared to regular grocery store beef at $2 /lb. it is not cheap at all.  Just an fyi to people on a budget.
So good
he can't cook italian tho.
Not a criticism, but I always find it so weird when people "toast" with food. They do it a lot with wings on Hot Ones too. Call me uptight, but it's just unnerving.
I love 1st we feast... Between Burger show and Hot Ones... My girlfriend hates all the food porn...
Too bad he never uploads lol
learned a lot
The thing that makes u cry in the onion is in the root so if u dont cut the root u wont cry
what must i do to get the same build as the guy in black.  what must a eat ? and how much every day?
Ramsey was on Hot Ones, now how about The Burger Show?
When I see this guy I lose my appetite.
Whataburger tho
Technically some restaurants Cook in the same fat since the restaurant opened. That might explain why they have an edge.
Classic Steamed Hams.
damn i want a burger now....
Lookin like lord Varys
This guy is a burger buudha
i would've asked if i could have a turn throwing the burger
still waiting for this guy to revive his youtube channel tbh
borgortyme
Anyone else love milk steak?
If you deboned the host, flame broiled him and put him between to buns, now THAT would be a good burger.
his channel fire
kenji is a god
Give a thumbs up if you over handle your meat.
I want that shirt
Burger
Love me some Kenji!
Kanji pls collar with Alton Brown 🙌
after hyping pickles he *Bubble Bass voice* "forgot the pickles..."
7:12 FAKE NEWS
So cringe lol
get Clint Eastwood on the hot ones
The amount of bs that you guys pull is.....wow.  You could hydrate my plants for a few years. stillll.
kenji is like the half blood prince of cooking
For sure that men has diabetes
Ugh, no comment on the flavor of the onion cut in the proper direction.  Guess I'll have to test it myself.
Too much lettuce, tomatoes are too thick.
J. Kenji López-Alt Debunks Burger Myths
how can people be so obsessed and dedicated to a food item?
the burger show bring the realness
Lol do i get to ride on your back
My own experience had taught me about the seasoning (especially the salt) but all my years never knew about the pole to pole on onions............ Thanks so much, my kids love onions and cook them all the time :)
SALT YOUR TOMATOES!!!
STOP WORKING WITH FOOD WHILE WEARING RINGS PLEASE THIS IS A GLOBAL SCALE ISSUE
OMG KENJI! MY CHEF GOD!

I wish he'd open up Wursthall in New York... I wanna try it so damn bad, but I ain't got the money to get out to California. Luckily, I have Kenji's book and blog so I can make so much of his awesome food. I need to get a grinder so I can make his Blue Label burger blend, because no butcher will grind ox-tail...
too thin
stop

stop making me hungry
That cold open!
so which way do we cut the onions?!
Did he just says hes a bottom
Who's else name is kenji
My son's name is named kenj!!
Never put mayonnaise on a hamburger. Meat needs mustard..
where is the food nerd t-shirt from?
Kenji is the food myth sensei. By the time it's all over, homie will be the Tyrion Lannister of culinary science.
Y’all know what size pan he used
I don't think I will ever understand the appeal of crispy burger patties ..
Please increase the bitrate of your videos!
"I'm a bottoms guy," "Play with your meat," "Does this mean I get to ride on your back?" Kenji IS gay right?
Me so hungry
Orbital is very inaccurate for that onion cutting term. I believe latitudinal is correct.
And if he  actually liked it he would've killed it. He def didn't like it or was full from second breakfast Pepin.  One bite and was done check the vid.
Never trust a skinny chef.
I swear I used to make the burger just like him and my then “friends” would constantly mock and thrash the burger and my cooking! I always knew I should not have listened to them and that I was on the right path. Lesson: never ever motherfucking ever let anyone tell you otherwise when you know you are onto something/know that you are right!
shredding lettuce is the quickest way to ruin any burger.
Give me ground chuck 80/20 and call it a day. Chefs love to over think shyt and end up with a hockey pock.
Great episode
Omg
Kenji needs a show where he explains Food Lab concepts with ridiculous diagrams / practical experiments and then cooks the result with a guest cook who can also give their input.
Ever since Kenji had a kid, his dad-puns have been on a another level.
Julia Child was correct all along. She used a knife to form the patty. No hands, keep the pack loose. Schooled Jacque Pepin. Boom.
Very interesting
Terrible video.. Scammers.
This isnt sean why are you telling me this youtube
I hope all the burgers thrown in this video were caught by something or someone
Get Martinez twins on hot ones plasssssssssßs :)
Don’t shape patties...loosely shaped patties is shaped patties...
He looks like ethnic Gavin Belson and sounds like Dane Cook.
What burger bun where they using in this episode?
Someone tell Kenji to make more late night videos
When did jabba the hut get a light saber
Dude, without documentation, it isn’t science. Kenji is doing it correctly.
Great video
Lol
What is the girl passing them saying?
I just din't see how you can even taste the burger with that many toppings & condiments. Like pizza, burgers should be simple, with no more than 2, maybe three extras.

My fave - bacon, cheddar, and BBQ sauce. Sometimes though,  a simple smashburger with just the "fried mustard" technique is enough.
Not sure why they're hating on Chuck so much. Chuck is very tender & if you get some good quality angus chuck like we do it makes for some VERY good burgers.
I've always wandered about what kind of distorted measures chefs have in their heads, specially when "A little oil" means half a bottle. Same with salt and other ingredients.
I'm a bit confused. Maybe I missed it? But how did he form those patties if he isn't touching the meat? I get that he doesn't want to compact the meat by squishing it together, but um...
9:16 Didn't he say don't salt until it's cooked?
Wasting food is funny now huh
I do salt the meat before grinding, but I also handle it very little after grinding.
Have to handle it very carefully so that the burger won't fall apart.
How to pronounce Alt? I say alternate in my mind all the time after i read his name
"What's your miticlorian count?" Haha and thanks for the video!
Make America Great Again.
Where’s the beef?
What is steaming it suppose to do?
say it with me family.... "NEW HOST"!
Fried burger in a cast iron pan.  My grandma was apparently a culinary genius... or an ingenue of American cuisine for whom anything not pasta was also not dinner.   Crude. Unhealthy. That's what it was called back then, but now it's become a novelty to have sloppy burgers.  The human palate is de-conditioned to flavors that you eat every day.  If you think short rib meat tastes [insert high-brow word here] than sirloin or chuck, it's because you are eating chuck and/or sirloin a lot more.  As for the onion business... the pungency of a fresh latitudinal slice onion is what used to be "spicy" on an American cheeseburger with lettuce and tomato.  If you are going for a hipster-trendy burger with blue cheese, cilantro, and mushrooms, THEN you should absolutely slice the onion longitudinally.  Last so called myth: everything you need to understand about adding salt is here: .  The salted burger fried into a rock because the moisture INSIDE the burger grinds was boiled away.  Then the entire burger carbonized throughout during the frying process.  You should add NO salt to the meat -- it doesn't need it -- it's only needed by people with over-salted palates, and they can sprinkle it on the burger when it gets to the table... if... that is... the burger is something you can handle, and not a work of art that has to be handled by a curator with white gloves, and is destined to fall all over your car seat the moment you try to actually eat it.
Buying three cuts of meat to make a custom grind to cook one burger (at a time) is not practical. I like Kenji but you've got to mix and match his tips where appropriate. What's presented here as a single recipe is more practically divided into several recipes. A custom blend home grind would be worth the effort for a cookout, not dinner for one. But the small pan technique is great if you're just cooking for one or maybe two, in which case you'd probably buy half a pound or one pound of ground chuck (if possible, freshly ground and not compressed). I always slice my onions with polar cuts due to Kenji. I do regret buying the wallpaper scraper and trowel when a $5 hamburger inflexible spatula works really well for smashburgers (better for home use, IMO), but you can't win 'em all. Excellent episode and I'd be glad to see Kenji return. I will be shopping for a very small thick pan in the near future just for frying my burgers in their own fat like in this video. I like my griddle and my skillet, but the little pan is logical and worth a try. Little pans are usually cheap, so it might be worth having one around. They can make for a nice little baking dish.
If the bun is bigger then the patty is not a real burger.
Once you bite into the onion, aren't you going to bust the cells anyways? Why does it matter if it's before or after it's on the burger?
I keep watching these solely for the guests.
Love this!    the credits at the end about put me in the mood for, sorry guys... POP CORN.
I love the snap on a burger, so I'll do the opposite lol
Good vid but is it just me or was the salting thing the only myth in the video. Plus I've never heard anyone say salt your meat before grinding.
when you say use SHORT RIB,  which version are you referring to, because I understand bone-in short rib comes from the front belly area which is fattier than the bone-less short rib that comes from the shoulder. Can I just use CHUCK ROAST instead to make things less complicated for the butcher at my local HEB?
Am I allowed to watch this if I voted for Trump?
"Cheap cuts of meat" in 2019 would cost around $30-$50 just to make burgers.
There goes my diet.
You know maybe I'm a dumbass, but when I saw the title I had no idea what kind of myths they would be, I didn't realize they were going to be myths about how to make the best burger. But I guess it's just I've been over saturated with top 10 things you didn't know about your favorite fast food restaurant videos for so long that I don't think they actually make cooking videos are food related videos like that anymore
Who said ground chuck was the traditional burger meat? Up north in the suburbs or something? And I dont even put salt on my burgers. Shredded lettuce? Yall are doing too much for a freaking burger. A wet towel? Smh.
I had to click on this and downvote it just so that grotesque mutant looking dude would stop showing up in my sidebar. Only so much of that someone can take.
I don't get all the hate for the host. He host a good show and has improved least yall can do is support him seems like good guy who loves burgers
I like this show more than hot ones.
burger jedi
HUNGRY
A good burger deserves more than iceberg lettuce. Try some red oak leaf lettuce, rosso or some arugula tastes way better i also leave the tomatoes off because when they come into contact with the heat they get a bad taste. I love some grilled mushrooms on there it really fits the taste of the burger. What do you guys think?
But what if we dont have a meat grinder or local butcher? Is Chuck the next logical choice?
I salt my meat. Its all about preference, not rules. Do what you like, people.
I'm wearing a Maga Hat while watching this Lopezer
It comes out well done (overcooked) but super super juicy because of condiments. Lets re-hydrate the overdone meat super-thin patties with lots of wet stuff like iceberg lettuce and tomato.
If more teachers are like Kenji then the world would be much better.
Wait, do you want to cut the onion across the cells or not? I was confused
old guys dressed from Star Wars?  gotta go...later.
I’d say beans or rice are the most democratic food in the world
Chorizo in the cheese grater man is that you
Why do you need three cuts of meat if you’re just going to make it into taco beef?
Papa Kenji, I am so happy that I live in the same galaxy as you! Thanks for sharing your wisdom!
What do you say of Heston Blumenthal's method of salting 40% of the meat to break the proteins some hours before mixing it with the rest, so as to have salt as the only bonding agent for the meat?
Kenji looking fit
what ethnicity is Kenji Lopez Alt?
Weird question, what size is that skillet he used?
4:23 CONFIRMED!! If you don't salt you burger meat you may have a better chance of hitting your opponent where it counts! Science prevails! ;P
Not a good video to watch while I’m eating 1300 calories a day, but we send
food lab is right down my street!   they should do a slider flight of all the cuts of beef!
AWESOME BURGER AND CULINARY CLASS 🍔🍔. I ALSO LOVE THE STAR WARS THEME ( BURGERS AND STAR WARS 😍) !
What type of cheese was used?
Elon put on some weight.
Does anyone know the size of Kenji's little cast iron?  I want to buy one.
I can't watch food shows, where the hosts are just too fat.
hate to say it.. but mans from burger show needs to stop eating burgers hay.
What's up with the food waste on this show?
Why does no one like the host? Just curious
Why is he putting them on paper towels for tasting? The paper towels absorb the fat and juices, those are the flavor.
This hot ones episode sucks
"Did you hit my nards?"


Shouldn't you feel it if you get hit in the nards? 😑
This series is garbage.
I was with you right up until MAYO? 
On a burger? Only mustard.
japanese elon musk.
WTF is this McDonalds? Mayonnaise on a burger is disgusting. Also never toast the bun, the soggy bun is the ESSENCE of burger.
Where can I get that shirt Kenji is wearing?
This show is gonna give my eyes diabetes
That’s cool
Wait? Is this the chorizo grilled cheese guy?
When is Kenji going to upload to his channel again?
hate me if you want... but my opinion is that I don't think you should commercialize the image of someone that morbidly obese... This is a sick sick individual who needs a bunch of help.. and here he is selling images of gluttony.  This dude is HUUUUUUGE.. whaaaaaaaat??? in 20 years you all will look back and treat this like child porn... like "whaaaat, we used to make money selling the idea of morbid obesity"/???
They just bite into the burger right off the skillet? Shouldn't you let the meat rest so it isn't a wet sponge pouring liquid fat down your face? That allows time for the meat to absorb and retain the "juice" and taste better in general.
taste wise, how does this compare to his smash burger? everything else looks the same except the patty. i'm interested in trying this method.
Why not use a ripe tomato....
What about Heston saying not to put pepper in a hot pan because it burns?
man if this show was hosted by someone cool it would be so dope
Why tf u throwin around food? At least give it to the dog if u ain't usin it
what sort of bread does he use there? name please
The only time I’ve ever heard the name Alvin is when it was used for a fictional chipmunk. Sort of like this Alvin except instead of putting peanuts in his cheeks he shoves pounds of ground beef in there
Looks good but im willing to bet my burger would give it a run for its money.
Kenji hates five guys so I cannot trust his burger opinions
Boring
At 8:40 Kenji was explaining why its better to cut an onion "orbitally" and the graphic said to cut it "pole-to-pole". Pretty major mistake on the editing, unless I'm misunderstanding what he was recommending.
I don’t know who this guy is - but most of his tips are absolutely stupid. The damn patty fell into pieces when he tried to flip it. What a waste of 12 minutes, i actually thought i might hear something useful. No myths debunked, no insight shown, really disappointing.
The way the keep wasting food on this show is epic. It’s just so epic to know that there are children starving to death while Americans make videos of them selves chuckling and throwing food and crushing it with skateboards.
Tony Hawk is still brushing away the taste of onion in his mouth.
That's just great!!!  Thanks.  I was gonna go get a burger.  Can't do that now after seeing what a real burger is supposed to be like.
A video what isn’t about wings??
4 mins in and it had to turn political. Smh damn mf just make the burger. 🤦🏽‍♂️
I really don't like being a negative ninny but I think this show would be great with a different, more engaging host. No disrespect to the current host but his interview and people skills just aren't very good.
J. Kenji Lopez Alt-Left
Dude needs a lesson in how to avoid cross contamination
Lost me at the end by using mayo. Aside from that... do WANT!!!
satellites don't actually orbit equatorially... or at least the positioning satellites don't. They are all off-axis orbits referred to as quasi-zenith orbits or the satellite constellation. This provides a pretty robust mesh network of satellite coverage so you can perform trilateration with 3 satellites at any given time. There are six main orbits with ~36 satellites (some are broken and being replaced by the next generation). This has been jdawg with the useless information report, back to you Youtube.
too cringy im out
Love this show! But let's also get some more ladies on it...
HEY GET ALEX HONNOLD ON YOUR SHOW! he's a vegetarian
this guy lost credibility when he didnt toast the buns
Toasted bun instead of steamed and it would be great
I love this show, but you've really gotta stop murdering burgers in gag shots. I'm sure the crew who have to see those burgers get grinded to mulch by skateboards and fall on the ground are dying inside while they watch it happen.
I hate iceberg lettuce, it's the most useless vegetable pretty much, why put it on a burger, it just makes it soggy. It doesn't even bring any flavour. I much prefer something like roquette (or arugula) but usually I just eat my burgers with cheese, pickles and grilled/caramelized onions.
''I'll put a little oil in the pan'' pours half a bottle
"You don't want to press your patty flat"

...as they show them smashing it and mentioning you want as much surface area as possible. 

What a stupid way to explain this; it makes no sense.


Then he recommends cutting the onion a certain way, then cuts it in an entirely different way. 

What a waste, because I absolutely adore Kenji, but this video is a total waste of time in and of itself.
wonder why pepper before cooking? surely the pepper burns in the fry? that's interesting!
facepalm wagyu isnt a cut of beef also yes short rib and brisket do tend to be expensive
Hey my instagram isn't working at all i try signing in through Facebook and it doesn't work. When ik it does. I try to make a new account and is says i can't thats it "blocked" tf does that mean. And i cant sign in through another phone💔
no such thing as kosher salt. what you are using is kosherING salt
#HopsinOnHotOnes
so when is Elon musk?
Looks good but Im more of a Gordon Ramsay burger guy. Thick burger, med rare.
He lost me at shredded lettuce. If I want a salad, I’ll order a salad.
So sick of all these "educated" idiots acting like burgers are some kind of super complicated dish. Seriously...Keep It Simple Stupid!
Westerners are very disrespectful to food, throwing it like that
he did touch it with his hands though... They kind of cut it out. Which is fine, I don't care... He is just making a big deal out of it! :-D
To the general public: Just mix a BIT of A-1 sauce in your ground beef and then cook your burgers on an electric skillet. Juicy, NOT BURNT, and delicious. That's IT.
Food science: sodium chloride is a dehydrant, and unless you want something dry, use caution. Salt is a key factor in many frying and fermenting techniques, and it's because it breaks open food, causing water loss. It's also why a salted driveway melts ice.

Just putting that out there cause it's more scientific than "I threw it at a guy".
Over ripe tomato and the lettuce is really dry. This guy cant make a real burger, he cant even choose his veggies properly.
You cannot invent a new burger. In the 40 years of my traveling most of the globe, I have had every imaginable burger concotion. My favorite burger is my own, simple, cheeseburger done over charcoal. 50 percent ground lean pork loin, 50 percent Certified Black Angus, salt, pepper, and American yellow cheese.
“Emulsified”. Most over-used word in cooking videos. Pretty sure no one really knows what it means but I guess that’s why you can use it just about anywhere. I emulsified myself last night, probably get a nice emulsification in later this afternoon and then hopefully get totally emulsified with my gf later tonight
Is it just me or should you guys get Eminem on the show like if u agree
First
Sad to say, but didn't learn a whole lot. I might be odd, but I don't really know any "Do's" or "Don't's" with burgers. Was entriuged to hear the intro for this video, though. Just disappointed that you spend almost 13 mins basically explaining only 3 very simple concepts: 1) Only season your patties right before frying. 2) Cut your onions sideways to get most out of them, flavour-wise. 3) Don't overpress your meat paddies. Done. That took what? 10 secs to read, max?
Depends on what you want to do. 
If you make a thick medium-rare burger, salt it before. 
If you make thin American style burger, salt only the exterior.
A grown man, who wants us to value his instruction and opinion, just used the word "hater."  SMH.
He really didn't debunk anything...
Burgers are not democratic. They don’t vote, and when people vote on burgers, it’s literally meaningless. I think the word your looking for is “egalitarian.” 

You may think it’s silly, but language is important, and it makes me sad to see people who don’t know their native language.
Good beta stays in the kitchen where it belongs taking the role of the woman.
Sorry, but this show really could do for a new host. Alvin is not capable of keeping it interesting. His voice just always sounds so dry and like he’s reading off a script. There’s sooooooo many people in the YouTube burger community that would blow him out of the water.
A pan or griddle will never match the charcoal grill... ever
salt free, my burgers taste just fine WITHOUT salt lol sigh the lies yall tell yourselves to keep your bad habits. le sigh
No browning the bun in the skillet to absorb any of the grease/flavor then. Not even toasted in a separate pan. Just "steamed". Yep, line cook. Does he even know butter, sautee, christ I'm still tripping over the stupid comment that iceberg lettuce is the best lettuce evarr. Cheap food, premium price. He couldn't even sautee the onions. #wouldnevereatthere
Isn't he the MORON who will NOT let MAGA hat wearing DICKHeads in his restaurant??
Wait did you guys shoot this at Wursthall in San Mateo?! Literally lived 2 blocks away from this place. They don't server burgers... LOL. But still a solid place to eat if you want brats and beer.
@9:16 thank GOD it’s KOSHER salt and for bringing it to our attention. Being that it’s blessed by a Rabbi will make the burger sooo much tastier.  Death to un-kosher salt!!!! Let’s start an uprising against un-kosher salt! Who’s with me?! 🧂
I usually love J, but I’ve lost a little respect for him regarding his view on MAGA hats. It’s petty to refuse service to someone for wearing one of the hats, but that’s just me.
What the hell is wrong with this channel? The way they waste their food is horiffic.
Can't believe they let someone who spreads so much hate on this show. James is an embarrassment.
Glad this guy is still getting some love after refusing to serve people who were maga hats.
"Tomatoes, when they're in season..."... um, yeah. 3 months out of the year, your burgers have tomatoes. "Shredded iceberg lettuce"... um, yeah. Iceberg lettuce is only 1 step up from celery for the most non-nutritious greens you could eat. Celery actually consumes more calories to digest than any nutrients you could extract. Iceberg lettuce is basically just water. How appropriate that you prefer to shred it, breaking down the few proteins you could extract from it, by chopping them to bits.

This is not a chef. WTF does he have against Romaine? he's a line cook at a burger joint.
Binging with Babish AND George Motz! Which burger from today's episode was your favorite???
TWO hits of Babish this morning? What did we do to deserve such a blessing?
"I'm not a big fan of putting fries on sandwiches, it's frankly grotesque..."  And just like that, Babish was banned from Pittsburgh.
This guy makes me think of Wolverine if he became a burger meistro.
Hey look it's Binging from binging with Babish
Minnesotan here. Can confirm that if you want to impress your significant other, you don't make regular burgers. You make a jucy lucy.
Lmao I died at 6:29 when he was like "I don't give a fuuuuck" 😂😂😂😂
6:34 "that's hot" had me crying thinking of youtube rewind
The professor looks like Johnny Knoxville with James Mays hair.
Smashes a piece of meat into a flattop, puts American cheese with onions and pickles onto it



“There’s SOUL in this”
George Motz is the Solid Snake of Burgers.

Sometimes his voice just sounds a bit like Snake.
Matt’s Bar is a small place. You can’t fit too many people in there. If you go at the wrong time, you will wait in line. The menu is simple,  but for good reason. They NAIL the Jucy Lucy (proper spelling...sorry 5-8 Club 🤷🏼‍♀️). 

If you sit at end of the bar, you can actually watch your food being cooked. Having worked at a burger joint myself, I was in awe of the grill cook. He had an entire flattop full of patties and onions and everything else going on, and while he was sweating because of the heat, he made everything LOOK graceful and easy. You leave smelling a little like onion and burger grease,  but it’s so worth it. The food and the experience add up to a great time. 

Their main competition is the 5-8 Club, who stuff the burger with so much cheese that it’s almost overwhelming. But sometimes less is more. I live in neighboring WI, and I head to Matt’s Bar every time I’m in Minneapolis!
That thumbnail made me think...


Hey, Vsauce! Michael here lmao.
Nobody:
Will Smith: 6:33
Are we going to see Andrew Rea on Hot Ones anytime soon?  I'd love to see a few more popular chefs appear on the show.
CARL'S FREAKING DRIVE IN REPRESENT! GET YOU A BURGER AND THE BEST FREAKING FROSTY ROOT BEER! #314
I forgot you looked like vsauce Michael
First person I've seen now and days rocking mutton chops that don't look half bad
People talking about Babish but George Motz seriously steals the show in every episode he's in.


Edit: I'd love for him to host the show with Alvin making appearances as a constant recurrent character.
The Prof looks like James May if he was constantly wired on burgers
This guy could totally interpret a mad scientist.
I didn't know Sean schemmel had a burger grilling degree
1. Babish looks like the friend who is just kind of there, and tries to fit into conversations by mimicking the others 2. AW YESH MY HOME MN BEIN REPRESENTED #MATTSBAR
The colab we never knew we needed.
I love it when there is videos with Burger Goku.
Is this guy's house on some remote burger mountain peak?
Wait, the first one is mainly only in Central Illinois? Huh, shows you how often I go out of central Illinois
I watched an ad by the big guy as I clicked the vid
He's in pretty good shape for someone who's devoted the past 18 years to eating burgers.
Gimmi that steak and shake burger from the start
"You can't get this burger in Cuba...because Communism" was some nuclear level hot take for no reason. You absolutely can get a frita Cubana in Cuba
I'm always confused by so-called burger purists insisting that ketchup doesn't belong on a burger because it masks the flavor of the meat and then turning around and putting pickles, raw onions, and mustard, three of the sharpest and most overbearing ingredients I can think of, on the burger.
The “Lacy Stacy” - that’s a thumbs up from me, right there!!
Sooooooo basically George Motz should be hosting this show and not Alvin.
Literally No one:
YouTube Rewind: 6:32
“It’s a smashula,”
3:14
Man the BURGER LORE is impressive, didn't expect miyazaki to expand the canon so much
That guy with the side burns looks like the voice actor of goku
I would watch a series of George talking about the history of burgers.
"I'm tired, I'm hungry, I'm hungover."  A true inspiration <3
Someone tell me that ain't Goku! That dude looks EXACTLY like Sean Schemmel!
I love these burger stories, just crate any burger and Georges wolverine style just seems to make be desire a burger even more. (and I'm a vegan).
I always make the mistake of watching these awesome channels when I'm waiting in between cooking now I'm SO HUNGRY 🤤😫
When are you going to get Gloria Borger on The Burger Show?
"Forget hot chicken!"

Well, Sean's gonna get this show shut down now.
Who else had an Alvin ad beforehand?
ugh YES, I looove Andrew so much! SO glad you had him on!
North Carolina burger all the way: chili, mustard, onion, slaw
Shout out to The Workingman's Friend in Indianapolis who does a lacey edge-style burger and is probably my favorite burger of all time.
Executive producer: Chris Schonberger. Nice job FWF
Carl's drive in inspired shackskack!? Carl's drive in is the best place to get a burger in St. Louis. My father has been going there since the early 70's and I've been going since I was born. You'd never know it was there unless someone told you.
Just beef, chopped onions and pickle? Speaking as a Midwesterner, that sounds exactly like my ideal burger.
George Motz looks like Johnny Knoxville traveled to the future and stole old-man Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine hair
George Motz is Johnny Knoxville in silverfox mode
Lacey as fuuuuuuu

I love Binging with Babish
5-8 Club > Matt's, no contest.
Saint Paul native. The Nook makes the best Juicy Lucy. Dont @ me.
As a guy who lives like a couple blocks away from Matt's bar, it's funny to watch people go gaga over it. Perspective.
Sadly We have BK, McDs, Culvers, Wendys, Hardees....wish we had more local burger joints instead of the same food chain locations
George Motz must be the lovechild of Johnny Knoxville and Guy Fieri, in a good way ;)
0/10 no upstate new york steamed ham featured
George is the man! I always love seeing him on
I live in Minnesota and I thought much lucys were everywhere, so I learned a lot.
I was definitely waiting for Babish to come in and correct his burger making skills.
THIS IS A NIGHTMARE TO WATCH WHILST HUNGRY.

Love you guys.
You should try Emily's burger in New York .... or at least watch its video 🤤
thank god the facial pubes are gone,.
Edit: nevermid, it was on 480p. Now its hd and yep they still there,.
I really want George Motz to make his own dream/perfect burger
Is George just really being played by Johnny Knoxville. I can't be the only one that sees that?
I don’t want all the talking just give me burgers
That juicy Lucy needs a NSFW tag.
I know not who this Stacy is that you speak of, but legend has it her mother has it going on!
Holy shit... this is the premium Brazzer of Burger Porn... im tearing up man 😢 it looks so good. 😭
George is just way, way, way better at this than Alvin.
Babish just being there, being Babish, mainly to bring in the punchlines. Perfection.
Great episode.
Why does that dude remind me of Rick from Rick and morty??😂😂
Havent scrolled down im already guessing people are saying...






Wolverine
And the Juicy Lucy is just a Truckers special.  They were making those everywhere, decades before that place.
Good thing Tony Hawk wasn’t here to try three traditional burger recipes that all have onion
Yoooo, that's not Vsauce, Micheal here.🤔🤔
George Mots Like Voice of Snake in Metal gear LMAO
Johnny Knoxville- add burgers and age
As a saint louis native I can say for sure Carl's is amazing
"I'm not a big fan of putting fries on sandwiches, it's frankly grotesque."
Pittsburgh has left the chat
what kind of beef did u guys use for that 1st lacy burger?  is it just 80-20.
 and what was the temp of the grill!
Because of this video, I sought out a Frita in Miami yesterday.  Life.  Changing.
I think 18 years and thousands of burgers has left a layer of grease on his vocal cords 😂
He sounds like a character from Sesame Street
I live a few minutes away from Matt's Bar. 😊 It's weird but cool to hear people talking about it.
George Motz is Burger Jedi Knight.  Give him his own show.  Steals the show every time.
Is George Motz like an alternate reality of Johnny Knoxville? They look so alike o_O
Professor George's voice could definitely nail the "Trailer Voice dude" . (This summer... )
"Thats one juicy lucy" some rando
hey man watch yalls mouth fries on a burger is a god send lmao
babish's subtle comments throughout killed me
Listen i'm from Miami I have never had a frita burger without cheese😂
There are only 2 scenarios when you have to put ketchup in your burger.
1. There’s something wrong with burger
2. There’s something wrong with you
You should try the skirted burger from the skirted heifer in Colorado Springs
this George guy looks like he could be Johnny Knoxville's dad or older brother or something
"Hey Baby i hear the blues a calling toseed salad and scrambled eggs"
Is it just me, or does George Motz remind anyone of Sean Schemmel who voices Goku for Dragon Ball Z?
Even kinda sounds like him, I'd say.
It looks like you've found yourself a Burger Master Roshi.
I literally got his own straight talk commercial before the video started lol
I am so glad i just finished eating before watching this, holy hell this looks good
The Father (George), The Son (Alvin), and The Holy Spirit (Babish).
Juicy Lucy has ventured outside of Minneapolis, but it's pretty much a Minnesota thing.
Bruh the edge... I live in chicago and i never knew that existed
You can get the first burger...and I have...at Honbo in Hong Kong...called the “honbo”
I’ve been to Matt’s bar and the Juicy Lucy is amazing!
"How are you" 

"I'm better"


 what a baller response
Carl's is seriously the best.  Also their homemade rootbeer is to die for.
Shout out to Titus Ruscitti--that guy knows everything about food in the midwest.
Babish is just food V-sauce
This channel always makes me hungry, the food looks so good!
That first burger is a Blimpy Burger from Ann Arbor. LOL
Dudes should look into the Soul Burger from Earnestein and Hazel’s in Memphis. Best burger in town.
Wait, Titus is a burger name?


Didn't come across that in the New Testament...
The first burger is from Freddy’s and it is the best
Alvin just got re-coded from that Frita.
The guy in the striped shirt sound just like Bill Tench from mindhunters
I clicked this bc I thought it was vsaucr
Hold up. We all know it was 58 club who made the juicy Lucy.
My mans watch costs 40k and he still making burgers...
Alvin was soo hyped and mesmerized xD
Some of my top 3 favorite chef's in the same room <3
Rey de la fritas in Miami on bird rd.. your welcome
Woho Central Illinois for the win!!
Yo Alvin, I really like you as a host but I really hope you can lose weight so you keep going man.  It's hard to see you this big. I support you man. I just want to see some progress.
I just realized that the burger is the evolved version of the sandwich and fries are the evolved version of chips 
And both make.good pairs
When you see babish do an ahegao face... you know that shit is gooooood~ 
ahegao at 3:47
I love Babish all over the place, have him back!
why the hell does that guy look like an older seann schemmel
Every time I see that burger dude I think it has to be Johnny Knoxville playing a new character..
Dude be looking like Goku.
"I'm tired, I'm hungry, I'm hungover"
To be perfectly fair, you can find fritas throughout dade county, all the way down to Florida City and up to Hallandale. You might even occasionally find one as far north as Lake Worth or even Vero Beach.
That guy reminds me of johnny knoxville
God, I love this trio. Make more of this! EDUCATE US!
Can we get that recipe for the sauce of the Frita burger.
Is the professor really Johnny Knoxville in disguise
When you’re 32 but want people to think you’re 78
Would love George to head his own show for this channel. He is so informative.
Is it me or does George Motz look A LOT like Goku's voice actor Sean Schemmel?
Where can i purchase George Motz mini flattop?
“Starting my burger journey” lmao, c’mon now
Does anyone know what model the flat top grill used here is? Or brand?
I grew up in Northern Illinois, worked in Central IL for two years,  lived in Southern IL for eleven years now and I have never heard of a lacy edge hamburger.
For a moment i thought george was the guy who does the voice for Goku in DBZ😅😅😅
I'm from Central Illinois and I've never seen anything quite like that "lacy-edge" burger... that thing's a bit ridiculous.
Ah yes, The 3 Horsemen Of The Burgerpocalypse
In Texas we have a burger chain called Freddie’s that serves smashburgers with those caramelized edges. They’re really great and unique.
Came for the Babish, stayed for the Babish... but also the burgers
That first burger is very similar to the burgers they have at Freddy’s
I wonder if George had some influence on Johnny Knoxville's character in Action Point.
Am i the only one who thinks Babish would make a awesome guest star on Bobs Burgers??
High quality video with incredible chefs and amazing looking burgers, very good!
For the last time.
His name is not Babish
6:33 - "That's hot, that's hot"
-Babish, 2019
I season my meat before cooking it too
I no knew that was not the norm lol
I SWEAR I'VE SEEN THIS VIDEO BEFORE?!?!, someone help, is it somewhere else, or did I have a Thats So Raven
Andrew...run to the gym cuz ik you wanna😂😂
Yo Babish that's a dope yellow gold Daytona bruh
As a long resident of Tampa Florida I can tell you that Cuban burgers in Tampa for several years now. Definitely worth a try.
Binging with Babish? I think I’d know Michael Stevens from Vsauce when I see him
My god he sounds so much like Charlie Sheen!!!
5/8 is way better then Matt’s
Logan: The Burger Jesus
Will never not be suprised when Minnesota has something of worthy mention
i whish alvin was more healthy. This dude seems so nice, gotta live long!
"Communist Cuba couldn't keep up with the demand."


I wonder if the trade embargo imposed by the United States played a role in that? Short answer: it did. Just the price to pay when you overthrow your U.S.-backed authoritarian ruler.
Alvin digitally ascending from that last burger said everything it needed to to convince me I need to try that thing one day.
VSauce Michael meets George Lucas? Cool
Juicy Lucy hands down best original burger of all time
um have you had a chip butty?
More episodes with George please ✊🏼
since when is johnny knoxville a chef lol?
Carl’s drive in slaps so hard.
"This burger spawned shake Shack because...... There's.. soul in this..."

Lol wut.
George looks like the english voice of goku but has the voice of david hayters snake
Hell yeah, Carl's, the best burger hands down!!
Big minnesotan, juicy lucy's are the best!
George's voice is deeper than Challenger Deep
Hell yeah for the Juicy Lucy! MN represent!
The juicy lucy is not from matts. It is from the 5-8 club
Bruh, I'm starving 😭
As a citizen St. Louis Carl's is damn good. The root beer there is off the hook as well. Another hidden gem of a burger place in St. Louis is Busloop Burgers. Highly recommend.
More Motz please! He's fantastic! :D
Alvin and Motz are the best double double combo ever!
i freaking love how into it they all are 👏
3:00 LACCCCY AS FUUUCK

haha!
I didn't think I could love and respect this guy even more than I did before now
I wish that burger professor Was My neighbor
Pizza Expert: Mark from Lucali
Burger Expert: This guy
Hey look its Oliver Babish!
Seriously, what is that canister powered indoor flat top George is running in this? It is the thing of adolescent dreams.
Banish: stands back, doesn’t get in the masters way and learns
Alvin: Literally shoves his entire face into the grill and molests the patty
Okay today we will be making a Cuban burger
Babish enters the chat*
9:56 MY MANS STRAIGHT GLITCHED OUT THE MATRIX AFTER ONE BITE
Just missing Brad Loene and this would've been fricking EPIC!!!
9:56 too delicious, system cannot holding on anymore, restarting device...
7:07
Miami, REPRESENT!!!
Such a pleasure to see Babish's sweet Babby face.
Gorge is amazing...keep it going! PS all them burgers...
I want to try 6 of those juicy lucy's asap.  Can someone from Minneapolis overnight them please?
Dude looks like Anton Newcombe from The Brian Jonestown Massacre
Gdamn that made me hungry, a usually watching this show! :)
inst that guy Johnny Knoxville's older brother...
There’s a Cuban Burger restaurant in downtown harrisonburg.. love it so much and definitely holds true to the culture
Sorry alvyyyy, George seems like more of a natural host lol ❤❤❤
OMG CARLS IS RIGHT UP THE STREET FROM MY HOUSE
Give George his own show!!!
I literally got the burger show ad before the burger show.
George Motz NEEDS his own show
Just went to Matt's Bar in Minneapolis last week for an original Juicy Lucy!
Hes like if Ray Liotta and Wolverine had a baby in the 70s who they gave up for adoption and put him in a hippie compound.
yess!!! hometown love from babish :)
no fries on sandy....rip PITTTTTT
The dude looks like Knoxville aged like 50 yrs haha
So can we just get Babish and George hosting this show from now on?
Its funny because I work currently at a Freddy's and they have smash burgers like the first burger.
Babish, my dude. When are you going to rock Sean on Hot Ones!?!
He has a very light Alex Jones voice to me
Drinking game take a shot every time Alvin "right".
Yo that looks just like Sean Schemmel
Welcome back American James May !
I swear I heard him say 'It definitely tastes like treason'
I love how unimpressed Babish is. 😂
In-N-Out double double animal style.
It`s always surreal to see BWB but like... his face. So used to his hands as the main focus.
1st time viewer and this is my new favorite show. Babish is just like "this is good as fuuuuk" lmao awesome.
Everyone wants to be George's neighbour 😋
This guy sounds like the Solid Snake of burgers lol
Carl's is the best, love the shoutout
I’ve had the 1st 2 burgers
Thanks for the shoutout lol
i wonder what these guys would think of my ultimate burger.
That Wolverine dude can become a great announcer for the movies with that voice.
Babish is Vsause of food 



Change my mind
The frita Cubana gets some love, finally!
Nobody:
Will smith: 6:33
4:41 when my crush accidently touch me
Meh, if you want the best burger in Miami (and the best one I've ever had in my life) you need to seek out the Latin Burger & Taco truck and order yourself a latin macho.
CARLS DRIVE IN IS A GODLY PLACE
There is a chain restaurant in the Miami area called Cuban Guys. They make great fritas and pan con bistec (as my former in-laws used to say).
omg 6:27 babish is actually me lol!!
Tbh I'd be happy if every Burger Show episode was this
I thought this was Johnny Knoxville.
Why didnt I see this...if i sub to Andrew I wanna be notified of every video he's in not just from his channel
Welp, I guess you guys settled the age-old 5-8 or Matt's debate. Kind of. By just not mentioning 5-8. It's the most notorious and delicious feud in Twin Cities history!
"Putting fries on sandwiches is grotesque."

many people from Pittsburgh start typing furiously
i live an hour from Minneapolis :) minnesota gang
You need to do a green chili cheese burger! New Mexico is weird, but that burger is awesome!!!
is george related to johnny knoxville?
hey wait a second, that's not michael from vsauce.... >:(
Haha! What a fun food video! Babish is so chill and Alvin just be rollin on up to the plate offering his style too. No haters in the room, just three dudes looking at interesting burger types and flavors. Props to the video editor, love the graphics in this, they put in some work on it. I have a friend from the ChiTown area, will be on lookout for a lacy burger if we do a road trip again. Peace now, yall.
BURGER CHURCH
WOW
That guy is a vired combination of Johnny Knoxville, and a fat Wolverine!
Central Illinois native here! Two places that need to be brought up when one talks of the "Central Illinois Burger Trail" are Mike's Grill (Tilton, IL) and Gross Burgers (Danville,IL). Both places churn out a consistent product on a daily basis and remain true to the cause of what we define as a REAL smashburger!
This is heaven. And I have a test tomorrow.
So basically I'm watching this while I'm waiting for my death tomorrow and I don't wanna do anything about it because this is just too good.
Honestly I find this show pretty gross. Not because of the burgers, but because of the host. Dude needs to get on a salad show instead or he won't be around to host much longer.
Love Carl's Drive-In
Thought the other guy was older Johnny Knoxville... hah
God that man's voice is legend
y’all said jucy lucy and i thought it was gonna be the place juicy lucy from Fl miss that place :(
Hank McCoy of burgers.
Juicy lucies are SOOOO good. I've only had a couple before, but they are really good
Serbian lost their shit when they saw the bad stuffed burger. Like no no...omfg guys come to Serbian south and have your mind blown.
If Alvin ever does Hot Ones, replace wings with sliders!
My favorite food must be the burger, and this might maybe top my fav food show after Hot Ones 🔥 thank you
May the burger be with you. This is true burgerism...
Make sure to follow George motz on IG at George motz lol
Love love LOVE a Jucy Lucy.

What’s the Wisconsin burger?  I think it’s gotta either be a butter burger (just literally throw a pat of butter on any normal burger) or a double with one of the patties made from bratwurst.

Or, if you’re in Milwaukee, any burger that comes from a custard stand.  The burger isn’t the key, what matters is chasing it with some frozen custard.
Professor looks like Johnny Knoxville
Been waiting on this for a while.Glad to see it's still going
Anger management classes really helped The Wolverine out ! Now he's just a chill rad dude devoting his livelihood to teaching the uninitiated on making juicy, jaw dropping burgers.... such an inspiration.
George is the best! More of him!
Hairy wolverine teaches burger knowledges.
I’m only here bc of 🅱️abish and 🅱️orgor.
I never thought I needed this until now. This is having me crave burgers at 8 am and that’s perfectly okay with me
I like the scuffed wolverine guy
That dude legit is Sean schemel in 15 years
this got me wanting to get a krekel's burger s/o 217
Am i the only one that thinks George Motz sounds like Solid Snake
Go see the original video folks...so worth it!
If people know who Sean schemmel Is that one guys looks so much like him (he's the guy who voices goku on dragon ball)
Shooter mcgavin can cook
is it just me or is there some sort of tension between Babish and George?
those burgers look fantastic, but every time he says the meat is caramelizing i die a little inside lol
I love this series, but goddamn it makes me so hungry. I'll probably gain a few pounds with the new season.
Fuuuuck yes Carl’s is the goat I eat their regularly
If you’re in Miami go to El Rey de las Fritas for one of these!
Is that Johnny Knoxville's dad ?
give this man a series already!
Who else clicked on the video because you saw goku making burgers
I swear, George Motz must be Sean Schemmel's long lost brother...
ive never watched this show but damn, homie in the middle is stoned as hell haha
Nice  appearance by Chef Babish. Love me some Chef Babish.
This guy looks and sounds like the voice actor Sean Schemmel. Is that just me?
The first burger made me think of steak umms.
I prefer the Lucy from the 5-8 over Matt's, but Blue Door is where my heart is.
Wait - Babish doesn't like a Chip butty? He is doomed doomed I tell 'ee!
And I'll be waiting for the next class with great anticipation
Whoa what is Goku doing here? George looks much like Gokus voice actor Sean Schemmel
"Ahh, That's hot"
Illinois, where are the Green Gables people? Represent the smash burger that was.
I loved the look from Babish after the gratuitous Smashula plug.
Ahh that's hot that's hot
How dare you sir. The lacey-edge burger is a stable of central Wisconsin/Madison area. Make your way to Michael's Frozen Custard, Kopp's, and The Village Bar to experience it first hand.
I'm fuckng hungry and i'm watching this.
Is that Jerry Springer
Babish is too hungover for me rn
Babish  hot ones interview and have him make the wings from scraTch !!!
7:10 Completely false, there are a TON of frita places in Miami outside of Little Havana, possibly most are outside of it.
For the segway 😂🤣
Came for Babish, stayed for the burgers
Isn't that guy goku's voice?
this guy looks like Johnny Knoxville in disguise
Surprised how much Jhonny knoxville's dad know about burgers!!
6:30 "I dun give a fuhk."
If you want the best Frita, you got to go to "El Rey De Las Fritas" in Little Havana Miami. Best Frita hands down.
If you ever get the chance to do southern style burgers, y'all can't forget to do the Whataburger Burger!
More George Motz please and thank you
burger guys voice sounds like cholesterol
Smash burgers are KING in Indiana  not just Illinois
im Gloria borger
love andrew and alvin together the A boys
Jerry Freaking Springer makes burgers?
I dream to be a burger scholar like this man.
DID BABISH JUST CALL CHIP BUTTIES BAD???
my boy babish is not having it 😂
Im a simple man, I see bwb and I hit like
From.miami, never heard of this.  Also, Cuban food has no spice.
WE NEED MORE EPISODES OF THIS
I close my eyes ....George sounds just like Sebastian Bach
Hey, that guy looks like some guy!
I got a add for this dude before I watched this
Alvin being there makes it feel like on cinema at the cinema with burgers.
Never in my entire life would I think I’d see a munchies video with Carls drive-in talked about being the inspiration for Shake shack. I’ve been going there since I was little, that’s really interesting
how do you get these jobs ???? asking for myself
“Research” He says. HMMM
Shout out to stacy!
Y’all mind if i Boil some burgers 😂🙏
i have to ask, how many books does George have? 1 or 2?
Is it just me or does George remind anyone else of Sean Schemmel voice of Goku?
As I'm allergic to dairy and can't have cheese... I'm totally finding out how to make that Frita sauce and trying that.
eats big mac while watching this
Nice
George Motz is so fantastic.  If he had his own show I'd watch it.
adult hipsters yikes
and people thought infinity war was the biggest cross over
WHY AM I WATCHING THIS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT?!
I’m a simple man I see babyish I click
I’m a simple man I see babyish I click
Juicy Lucy 💪
I love that the movie starts with Babish eating some stuff, unironically and apparently against the rules.
Nice work guy's
I dont whats more magnificent, the burger or that dude's sideburn.
TOMG THIS WASSSSSS  AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZINGS!
If Wolverine And Johnny Knoxville had a child
Minneapolis where? Minnesota?
those are the kind of chops that you dont mind that you caught him dogging your mom out raw.
No disrespect at all but it's a struggle watching Alvin eat.
These are my favorite videos. Please make more.
I'm waiting for the butter burger
6:29 when my vegan friends stare me down while chowing on delicious burger goodness
Growing up in minnesota there are so many variations of the juicy lucy. Usually I see it with shredded cheese like mozzarella or a mix of it so you get a different texture.
I wish they used zoomed out footage of the cutting of the juicy lucy instead of the same footage repeatedly.
i'm i the only one who thought that this is Michael from Vsauce?
George motz kinda sounds like solid snake
why not just have George host the show?
why am I watching this at 1:53 AM on Saturday morning?
If yall are ever traveling to try burgers, and you're going to Colorado, go to this place in Golden called Atomic Burger. Shits so good.
The Tony Hawk episode was a train wreck, stop smashing burgers for b roll shots.
I love the burger knowledge that these guys have and this is a really wonderful video, but I have to call BS on it being "against the rules" to put ketchup on a burger. Ketchup is a wonderful and delicious condiment and I'll put it on whatever I want and to hell with your "rules."
The first burger reminds me of the burgers you get at culvers. Hands down the best fast food burger place in the midwest....
Next class yes please!!!!!
jucy lucy ain't proper til you top it with peanut butter
AHAHAHA 6:33
6:33 will smith meme
Babish:OMG it's huge!!
The Cuban Frita literally tastes like freedom.
Stacey is my mom. What up babish
cut out the guy with the hat and this could be a decent episode
George Motz makes me think he could be Sean Schemmels dad
Oh nah no way. Babish is the G.O.A.T been watching his channel since the beginning. Actually inspired me in a huge way to become a creator.
Idk how they understand the guy because hes talking so fast
Why is the guy who voices Goku a burger pro?
Yuh shouts out to Carls Drive Inn
i can smell George and he smells like my uncle
yes!! George Motz!!
That Juicy Lucy is begging for it.
How are they ventilating the combustion products from the burner?
alvin has ascended 10:00
“Research”
That Lacey edge just looks like a Culver’s burger but with a home made touch
Honestly, Alvin could just hang out in George's house for 100+ episodes just talking about burgers and I would watch all of them, I could listen to them talk about burgers for weeks.
A traditional frita doesn’t have ketchup on it the rest of it was on point
Pretty sure that dude wanted to fight Babish when he suggested calling it the Lacy Stacy
Juicy Lucy Is also rumored to have been the name of a cow and when this guy burned his mouth from the juiciness of the burger . He just put them together "juicy lucy"
George LOOKS like a guy who's eaten thousands of burgers
Grotesque with chips in a sandwich? That man does not know how to live. At all.
Burgers lookin T H I C C
Dude on the right looks like wolverine of he went to culinary school
Juicy Lucy for the win.
Because he lost his password for vsauce, Michael be eating some food
These guys will feast in the knowledge of burger!
Just got a simply mobile ad
8:32  HMMMMMMM
Johnny Knoxville comments are at capacity. Try something else.
why does he look like a scuffed version of johnny knoxville
Quite a departure from the original seasons... but have to say that I like it.
7:24 LMAO TAKE US THERE!
Anybody know the link to buy the channel smasher at 4:00?
Chips on a sandwich...  If you have never put potato chips on a PB&J, you really need to try that...
So glad the frita is featured, you can find them on the other side of the 95. But it's so much better from the source. El mago de las fritas IS the best in Miami! And they totally call for cheese, also try it with an egg!
Holy cow, I thought that was Sean Schemmel in the thumbnail
Minneapolis represent
LOVE burgers, LOVE this show.
Awwww I only clicked cause i thought it was Vsause. :(
Idea: they have to give each burger their own nickname and they’re scored by the editor to see who wins for each burger
Sasquatch? If you know...
This is what I aspire to become
Why do I watch this when I'm starving
George Motz is damn burger historian ninja.  Great video!
Anyone else think that dude with the chops looks like Johnny Knoxville? Or could be a brother/dad? Its creeping me out!
Are the mutton chops a tribute to Dan Gorske?
I live in Miami and have never had that burger
6:33 ohh thats haat... thats haat
The host is a greaseball, jesus.  Heart attack coming anyday now.... He's already out of breath after shaking the dudes hand.
Burger wizards!
fries in a burger is a very normal thing in Akureyri Iceland
I watched this while eating a burger king burger, and now I am that YT food reviewer from the memes. "my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined."
Chip butty
This dudes the Quentin Tarantino of Burgers
I didn't know Andy Serkins made burgers...
Oh geez, talking just to hear your own voice...
Heyyyy from st.louis here!!!!!!!!!
Mutton chop guy reminds me of Johnny Knoxville
i love this wolverine :!
Here in Ann Arbor, MI we have a restaurant called Frita Batidos that serves fritas and other Cuban street food!
I wonder why the first burger isn’t in Chicago.
what an awesome series!
I got to go with the Juicy Lucy because I feel Pride for it and I've never had one!
First burger is my fav
6:29 'I don't give a fuuck' 😂😂
I would love a show with George explaining the history of regional burgers. This is so interesting!
“Burger scholar” gtfo here
Ofc Wolverine is making burgers for a living when he's retired
The Sean Schemmel of burgers is back!
Yeah.. Skip the guy in the middle
What's this dude's beef with ketchup on a burger?
I clicked so fast when I got the notification omg
I’ve watched the first video so many times lol
I don't make smash burgers like that all. I smash them but not that thin. I learned from Carla at Bon Appette.
What equipment are you using?
George's voice just annoys me. Go smoke a joe
I love everything about this show.
Johnny Knoxville has really lost his looks
Anyone else looking at this dude like the last thing you need is another burger?
Juicy Lucy! My man
Idk why I’ve watched this 6 times
Fantastic video!  George Motz...  You Rock My Friend!
George looks like Johnny Knoxville in disguise
please give the burger dude his own show! that guy is the best
Lacy Edge is also at a few places in Iowa
A season of the three of you rating regional burgers would be awesome. Now I'm going to go wreck the kitchen making the Juicy Lucy.
"Communist cuba couldn't keep up with the demand."


Like, implying that was cause of communism, and not because of trade embargos?
take a shot every time they say burger
So, are we sure that that’s not an old Johnny Knoxville?
I love the Burger Show !!!
I went vegetarian for lent/fasting, and I miss burgers so much. Ughhhhhh, I’m not crazy for meat BUT I WANT A BURGER SO BADDDDDDDDDD
Episode 1 kinda sucked but Daddy Babish has saved us
Motz should be the host period....he will be when Alvin explodes.
Babish come to Pittsburgh and say that about the fries
best episode yet
I cant watch it, because i most likely will never get these burgers.
Lived in or around little havana for about 10 years. one correction: it's not that communist cuba couldnt curate the ingredients, it's embargoed cuba that couldnt.
Woah Babish had a moment
Why am i suddenly so damn hungry?
The teacher sounds like solid snake.
Shout out from Twin Cities, home of one of the highlighted burgers, the Juicy Lucy
If you're ever in MSP and want a great jucy lucy, go to a Blue Door Pub. Best GD burgers around.
Overcooking burgers seems to be a trend on this show
Not a fan of all them
Ooooo dude PLS Bring action bronson to the burger professor
I don't know about Jucy Lucy but in my country that is old recipe and it's called "Sharska pleskavica" but it is good I'm not saying it's not :)
6:34 Will Smith Appears
7:50 he just lost the support of bernie sanders supporters.
i think i made that Cuban frita now about 5 times in the last two months after learning about them in this video and damn, that's a good burger. i however cheat a bit by using Frank's hot sauce (regular) so dunno if that's spicier and less tomato-ey than the real ones, but damn, good burger... oh and a few drops of liquid smoke on the ketchup kinda lifts the regular Heinz as well! ;)
bring on the next class
4:41 looks like that one episode of SpongeBob where the gray sludge was in the Krabby patties lol
that lacy-edge burger you can get at freddy's steakburger 😏
Go to Wally's in Breeze Illinois
I gagged when you cut away to that undercooked "stuffed burger" that looked like a leaky egg, all the burgers made in George's kitchen looked fantastic though
Did he really say the "cutural part of miami" lol. Typical tourist
5-8 Club is quaking... 😂
18 years of research lmao
Ok I should've watched the whole video first because you did mention the smash burgers in Indiana. Now I feel stupid
The ad for this video had the guy with the black apron on it (not babish)
Babish:  how dare you, heresy!  UK, chip butty is to die for.
PLEASE keep making Burger Scholar videos!
6:58 Do you see the cat? Like if you find it
A local place here makes  a Juicy Lucy stuffed with Peanut Butter
I'd say Titus is likely amish
why does this guy look and sound like the guy who plays goku putting on a deeper voice? lmao
Yo Alvy if you ain’t gonna try and slim down, at least pick up some proactive my man.
Burn your tongue then drink some rum. :)
This looks like a lineup for stages of beard loss
I'm really surprised I've never had that burger considering how much I've been to Miami to visit family, definitely trying next time I go!
the big guys beard has got to go
I love the dude but I will never understand how someone can live with a belly like that, must be hard af just to get out of bed.
I can't believe I live in Minneapolis and I haven't tried that yet
Would not be able to resist the urge to irritate everyone by referring to that first one as 'beef curtains'
And now the lucy's the thing everyone goes to Matt's for.
Damn....I came
I wish Adam Richman could be here
3:16 Babish face 😂😂😂
This guy looks so much like wolverine
Dis burger so good i forgot to do my awed face..
Does anyone else think the other guy looks like Johnny Knoxville
I don't know who Stacie is either but I hear her mom's got it goin on
Burger Moses. Parting the seas of beef, allowing us to reach new levels of burger mindfulness.
whoa that's a big boy.
i ocasionaly watch a vid from this channel. i subbed after watching this one love binging with babish cool to see all you guys together
My two fav shows
Alvin dead by 35
This man looks like an older Sean Schemmel. The voice of Goku
Minneapolis pride! Jucy not Juicy!
yessssss
Meat doesn't caramelize (unless there are sugars in it)! Dude needs to get his choice of words straight.
Alvin slimmed down a bit for the last 7 months we haven't seen him. Good
Minnesota represent
JUST PUT HIM ON HOT ONES
Love this guy
Juicy Lucy for me please ❣️❣️❣️
0:13 is it just me or does that beat seem a little too familiar?
Only my fellas will understand
Andrew is so funny :D
pickles are nasty.
Oh hey thats Johnny Knoxvilles cousin
you know you're obese when reacting like that to a burger. Ahah
Please children, watch this and always remember all that communism takes from us.
super smash burgers
Next episode when?
Ahhh, that's hot, that's hot
When a YouTube chef meets a real chef. 

So awkward.
George needs his own show
Yaaah thats hot! 6:33
lmao @ when the fat guy starts glitching
I can't believe I scrolled through so many comments and no one mentioned how George looks like the guy who does the voice acting for Goku on Dragonball... Sean schemmel? Something like that
Communist Cuba couldn't bring in ingredients because America closed off its ports for years. don't be childish/imperialist.
More of this
close your eyes are watch 6 16
Tbh thought that dude on the left was Sean Schemmel lol
Give them to me.
Babish should be the host of this show
Ahh thats hot
Over under on how many heartatacks this fat guy will have
Ahhh that's hot that's hot
He looks like Logan/Wolverine
I wish hot ones had it's own channel...
Cool off with a quick coke and rum as well as a smootb jazz cigarette
Can George Motz take over as host?
they are raw
6:22 When she asks did you pull out
George should take over. 
He’ll have the show to himself, us viewers get what we want, and Alvin gets to go on a diet. 
Sounds like a dub for all parties
Is the hair at 9:25 part of the original recipe?
If only there were burger classes with this guy. I would have skipped any of his classes
George Motz looks like Sean Schemmel and that's pretty awesome, damn honestly this guy is awesome in his own right geez everyone who has that hairstyle is genuinely a great person
Johnny Knoxville got fat
Watching a dude THIS big just eat burgers and stuff all the time, is like watching a crack addict smoke crack. It’s depressing. Watching this dude sending himself to an early grave.
9:56 lol
You should do an australian burger with the lot. A bacon cheeseburger with salad (lettuce, tomato, onion) AND beetroot, grilled pineapple ring and a fried egg...
Culver’s in Iowa almost has that lacy edge, love it. Also reminds me of Freddys burgers.
YES BABISH
We might not know who Stacy is, but we all know her mom
Wasn't this uploaded before?
The Juicy Lucy burger reminds me way too much of a Dr. Pimple Popper video.
I love this dude.
Binging with dadish 😍
anyone know what kind of propane flat top that is?  I must have it!
Dude looks a bit like Sean schemmel
J... Johnny Knoxville?
1. u can tell that this “burger guru” is making stuff up on the origin story about this burgers
2. u can tell babish doesnt like some of it and didnt honest
3. cailan is over reacting things up which cringe me
4. do cailan have real friends that cares about his health?????
5.this “burger guru” is thinking that his the buger king of kings
1. u can tell that this “burger guru” is making stuff up on the origin story about this burgers
2. u can tell babish doesnt like some of it and didnt honest
3. cailan is over reacting things up which cringe me
4. do cailan have real friends that cares about his health?????
5.this “burger guru” is thinking that his the buger king of kings
More of these!!!
I respect those mutton chops.
i would buy a ticket, a room, and stop being vegetarian just to try the cuban frita omfg it looks so good
That lacey edge is a must try!
6:32 fortnite and mark ass brownie
Truly 3 very different individuals here...a bald hipster, a sumo wrestler and wolverine......eating burgers.......
Did I just see a simple mobile ad on the guy in the black shirt before watching a video with the guy in the black shirt?
This guy is Johnny Knoxville in disguise
My school is near Matt's
Banging with Bibish
hell yes
AYYY thats a good looking frita right fucken there
6:22
I got an ad on the Asian chef and I'm thinking its the video then I realize its an ad and the same Asian chef is in the actual video, wtf?
My first episode was the first time you came here this is my favorite show idea show me all the regional burgers 🍔
That was the sound of a segway wanting to die
Now I just want to combine the three.
YES LESS S AGOOOO
I'm surprised that they didn't mix all the burgers together.
the bald dude was a dud
Is George Motz and Sean schemmel related?
I'll watch anything with Babby B in it
Like for George Motz
That lacy edge burger reminds me of a little restaurant in Clinton, IL called The Shack-they had a very similar style burgers to Shake Shack or Steak n' Shake, but also had a wide variety of a menu. A nice little diner feel, sorta


 Sadly, it was torn down a few years ago... 
Will Smith at 6:33
Man he looks like Sean Schemmel, you can even hear the voice of Goku in him ...
What a great cast here, love all them
Just had a Frita at El Mago De Las Fritas the best I've had in Miami so far. If any of yall come down to Miami that is the place to try it.
This is all fake. Imposters and wannabe's
Get 6lack on this
As a person from St. Louis, I had no idea that the Lacey edge burger was regional.
“Lacy as fuuuuuuuuuck” - Babish
9:25 HAIR ON THE BURGER!
Alvin.exe has stopped working
Nothing sounds worse than "beef candy"
That guy looks SO sick. He loves food so much he's gonna die for it
Yo shout out Minnesota boys
Guy on the right looks like james may lol
Hit the treadmill my dude jesus
Burger count :86
The guy on the right looks like james may
Will Smith: 6:33
Not gonna lie.... thought that was Sean Schemmel for a second..
Mom found the piss drawer
Mom found the piss drawer
He looks like a old Johnny Knoxville
The professor looks like sean schemmel 😂
The juicy Lucy looks easy to make. Maybe I can finally impress my parents
MY BOI BABISH
The add had you in it
If james may waz american
Sean Schemmels dad
important to note: there's two places claiming to be originate the juicy/jucy lucy. matts bar is only one of them, the other is 5-8 club. Which is correct is impossible to tell, but from experience, they're both good :)
I feel I should bring the Aussie burger (also known as 'the one with the lot')  to this channel's atrention because it would be fun to watch one made on this show.  
It's a beef burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, sauce PLUS a slice of beetroot PLUS a fried egg PLUS a pineapple ring PLUS an argument about whether any one or all of those three things makes it a 'true' aussie one with the lot.
Titus is a great name to have
10:01
babish low key rolex
Its Rewind Time 6:32
Minnesotan here. I can't eat a Juicy Lucy without burning my mouth.
More More More! Do all the regions!
I thought that was sean schemmel
thought it was sean schemmel in the thumbnail lol
every time this guy brings up the juicy lucy he leaves out the 5/8 club and thats pretty annoying as someone from minnesota
I didn't know Sean Schemmel was a chef.
09:59 did he just phase into being?
AHAHAHA......      THATS HOT!!
more more more more more please please please
Am i the only one that thinks babish's face looks like ryan reynolds, and george motz's looks like johnny knoxville
Babish the Binger
alvin bad host
These three on a burger show is amazing. They should rotate with Babish making, educating on one type of food too.
3:47 omg Babish had a food orgasm
the only thing I could think of when Alvin was looking up at 9:55 was that HE HAS ASCENDED TO A HIGHER PLAIN.
what the hell, i always put french fries on top of my burger patty.
D:
4:17 George sounds a lot like Solid Snake here. "Hrrng, Colonel! This burger... The centre is still a little bit fat but the edges are thin."
I wonder if he’s realised he spelt bingeing wrong
george motz looks like the kind of guy in a movie where the heroes have to learn some secret skills so they seek out the crazy guy up on the hill
Omg. The lacy edge burger is my favorite!  A+++++ would recommend.  Also. If you ever want a great lacy edge burger, check out the original burger in Mattoon, Illinois.
aahh thas haat
03:09 that was a pretty nice plug
#2
Aguante Burger Kid
Too many cheeseburgers randy
09:56 yo he went burger saiyan😆
Babish is under cover Ryan Reynolds
one guy there wanted to do the video to eat a burger i wish i also there
6:33 will smith sponsored this
where can I get a channel smasher?
Immense video lads
MORE!
sean schemmel?
Will smith: YaAaAa 6:33
Is there a name for the sauce that the Frita Cubana was basted in? Or is it just referred to as some mystery sauce that everyone who makes them in Miami uses?
Babish is Binging lmao
yyou forgot the Navajo burger! yall are trash
That frita looks at least a thousand times better than what they sell down here in Calle Ocho.
We’re diving deep into burger lore tonight
I can't be the only one that thinks Babish looks like Nick Jonas right?
i wish i could meet binging with babish so i could say "oh my god its bringing babish"
Host of this show gonna be dead within a few years.
It's like a burger cult
I though I see James may
I had to take a double-take, I thought I saw Simon Whistler from today I found out
That animation was horrifying lol
The absolute god like lvl of precision and technique that goes on in your videos.. I find second to none...  masterfully executed.. hero's...  nuff said.. -jay from winnipeg
I just want to know where to buy that grill
Ah ha oh wow. A local diner where I live sells a Juicy Lucy burger and I had always assumed it was something of the chef's own creation. Next time I go there I'll have to let the chef know I know.
the fake hype
Scotty’s Brewhouse in Indiana (Muncie, Indianapolis, Bloomington, etc) served a Juicy Lucy for many years before discontinuing it. Interesting to learn its from Minneapolis.
Heyoooo where the Wisconsin Burgz at?!? Please next episode some of northern classics up here, Monk's, Culvers, or some of Mad towns food carts? We got cows for days cheese for years and beef with being out of the whole east vs west food game. Show us some love!
More of this!
I struggle to consent to burgers bussin in my mouth
That is not how you make a frita wtf a frita is made with ground chorizo with a bunch of spices
I want a juicy lucy NOW
6:33 Will Smith: “That’s Hot, That’s hot”
Two men with godlike voices in one video my god
Will you guys be putting out a burger bible (cookbook) so to say? I would be the first in line to buy.
They’re deffo high in this
Hearing them rep my hometown of Minneapolis makes me happy we arn't recognized much, but we have kick ass beer and burgers
The Seth rogen of burger gods
The big guy have no idea what hes talking about.
these guys are so cringe
Aaaah that's hot, that's hot
I really had no clue that Sean Schemmel had a burger loving doppelganger.
Makes you hungry
6:33 Will Smith hasil joined the server
6:33 will Smith has entered the chat
9:25 when you see it, it will ruin your day a whole bunch.
Where can I get that flat top?
That's hawt
This guy is like a cool, drama-free, burger loving Sean Schemmel.
James May?
Awesome! I love your show! Thanks you
Now I want a burger
Frita is served all over Miami. Not just Little Havana.
i like burgers
3:14. Really wigga?
6:29
The music reminds me of toejam and earl.
Spent a few years at a restaurant making Lacey style burgers in Indiana and Jim Gaffigan was a regular (so you know it's good). 


Would use a 70/30 blend (you need more fat to prevent the thin burger from crumbling) on a 350 degree flat top. Scoop out an over stuffed 5.5 oz ball with a mash potato scooper (with the little release knob to help it come out). Smashula is cool but we'd use tile trowels that we would grind to a point on a file every day when starting the shift. Start with an initial smash, flip (still kind of a ball at this stage) and then really flatten out the edges to a circle shape. You can tell when it's done almost how you can tell when pancakes are ready to be flipped. Need the filed spatula edge to lift the crispy skin without tearing it. Flip and let the other side cook for another 90 seconds. Serve it with pretty traditional condiments.


 FYI - you'll fail and tear the burger the first few times.
I got an ad about staying connected with burgers with you in it so it's like a preview of seeing the episode. Does this count as paying yourself?
mr motz ftw!
3:45 you’re welcome
has anyone ever watched an episode without eating anything?
I’m from Minnesota. I know Lucy
I watched this as I ate a burger. Burger-tastic.
Cuban burger exists in North Jersey too.
get Clint Eastwood in the hot ones
Drunk or high? Or both? How do I get this job?
One of those guys needs to stop eating burgers or he’s not gonna make it very long.
Try one in Denver with an egg  and hot chili peppers and jalapeño. Caliente mmmm
At 6:34 it just reminded me of when will smith said it.
Insane to think the jucy lucy is only in minneapolis. The first time I had one was in Florida.
I love hamburgers, but hate onions so all these videos are full of mixed emotions for me.
Hey Vsauce Michael here.
Lacy Stacy
I like babbies idea of the Lacey Stacey
In Calgary Alberta they have a place called Peters drive in, they make the best shakes in the world, and their single cheeseburgers have 2 Patty’s, and their small onion rings come in about a litre sized box, and their medium fries come in a big ass box
This guy looks like an older Sean Schemmel
as a Minnesotan i can say that did not look like a good juicy lucy it needs more cheese, there is actually a lot of debate as to what bar made the first one and even more about who makes the best and you dont need a press to form the patties, also  st. paul does better juicy lucies than Minneapolis
Cuban frita's so good it gives you Spider-Verse glitches
burger wolverine
Home alone?
What a bout a juicy lucy made out of two smash burgers
Hey vsauce! Michael here
you now cannot unsee the hair on the right side of the patty at 9:25
This guy really has his own ad in this own video
The place In the center of the lacy edge belt from st louis to chicago to Indianapolis is my hometown XD one place called it the hangover burger cause it was served late at night.
Sean Schemmel's dad!?
This guy looks like Sean shimmel.
4:19 does anyone else think he sounds like solid snake
Sean Schemmel really can cook wow
The Lacey burger is grilled exactly like Culver’s butter burgers.
George Mots needs to be in a movie.
Is it just me or does Babish look like he could be Ryan Reynolds twin
Sean Schemmel.
3:14 reminded me of The Office
Shave that greasy beard
Wow, that big dude is still alive?
Sean Schemmel is looking rough
Sean schemmel looking kinda old
I got a simple mobile ad before the video lol
I would kill to get a frita in LA. Like an actual authentic frita. Not many cubans out here so it's difficult to find my people lol
Minnesota Karma Train. TOOT TOOT
I would like to see something that'll blow Babish (A chef) away, rather than burgers we come across so regularly.
I’m from and staying in MN and I have never tried the juicy lucy, but I want to
Anyone else think that was Sean Schemmel?
I gotta stop watching this when I’m hungry
No one likes Alvin, George should become the new host.
Get rid of the Harconan, he ruins everything he's in. Love the Babbish
My burger is better than these
George looks a bit like Sean Schemmel
Plugs smashula but its sold out.
Now these are burgers.
Miami where its at
6:33 Fortnite and Markass Brownie...
When I clicked on this video, an ad of Alvin the chunky was there
I wanna try the Lacey Stacey
3:14
That second burger is not good  for  youtube
Yarp
Ito ung mga bagay na Dadayuhin ng Crew ng Jessica Soho.
Is it just my mind playing tricks or is Alvin's body so fed up with his diet it almost won't let him put more food in his mouth? :D
finally the  lucy
itsa me hepatitis b
1:01 hissory
I saw an ad of this guy just on this video... wtf
I literally had to go into the kitchen and make a really crappy burger with this spicy mayo sauce just so I can eat something while looking at the much better burger.
those fries looks like shoestring potato, we use then in Brazil on hotdogs, while i don't recommend all the brazilian variations of hotdogs, some that have those fries are awesome.
best Frita burger in Miami hit up El Rey De Las Fritas, multiple locations but if you want the tourist location go to 8th street, if you want where the locals go hit up the one on Bird Road or West Flagler 305 rep
He reminds me of Sean schemmel
3:05 that’s what she said
Mmmmmm beef candy.....🤤🤤🤤🤤
I only eat burgers now
God i’m so hungry now
Fortnite burger
lolol I'm from Central Illinois, had no idea that type of burger was unique to us. They're pretty great!
IS THIS A CROSSOVER EPISODE?!
Is it me or is this a pretty awkward show?
Motz has a quite an ongoing throat cancer sound to it...
Eh how can a flat burger be good? It is going to be well done...Anything past medium is ruined.
Uncensored babish. I like this
WAIT A MINUTE the same guy was in the ad before the video. Anyone else?
Ahhhh thats hot
Fire
Haha my name haha
Another one please
More burger god pls
he sounds like solid snake
Babi <3
I have never been more proud to be a Minnesotan.
Aww, thats hot
Ive been eat a  jucy Lucy  since I was a kid😂 my momma nd sister are the ones who showed me my sister even stuff it with jalepenos and onions and I still make em to this day had no idea someone got famous off it😂
Make me a burger
Can u guys make Five Guys burgers
As this video demonstrates, meat welding is still a viable career option.
So when dose babish get a hot ones interview.
7/10 No tiny whisk
Why does George look like a much more older Sean Schemmel.
How lovely!
Alvin really running face first into stereotypical fat death, poor guy.
This is cringey
2:12 apparently I have a burger name
I’m hungry
*juicy
Babish is his name..?
i’ve has that frita and it’s so good
Minneapolis gang
That frita tho 😍 una frita y un batido de mamey so fire
Alivin, you have at least 2 years.
Maybe George or Babish should host this show?? Alvin adds nothing
This mother fucker's spatula is $220.
I'm pretty sure Freddy's steak burgers I have in Arizona has the lacy edge burger. I think there are also locations in Illinois
3:14 Babish is unamused
Why does George look like an aged Sean schemmel
George motz looks like Sean schemmel
Does Steak'N'Shake not exist outside of Indiana or something? That's the only place ive ever known that had smash burgers. The hell is Shake Shack?
First burger looked the best to me.  You?
6:34 I didn’t know babish was Will Smith lol
That guy looks like Sean Schemmel
Boys need to make a Donair burger!!! Get on that!
When did Kurt Russell start making burgers on YouTube?
Why are there airhorns at the beginning?
Love the videos, love regional burgers, and I hate to be the guy,  but there’s a hair on that Cuban burger at 9:26
great episode
Not a fan of chips in bread. UNCULTURED SWINE!!
The professor looks like Sean Schemmel.
this sucked
cailan needs to do some exercising
I’m from Miami and I’ve never heard of this
We just gonna ignore Culver’s when taking about the smash burger? 😒
Boardwalk burger? More like bored burger, because those burgers aren't having any fun...
9:26 anyone notice the hair on the right side of the burger. mmmmmmm hair.
Motz is a brilliant mad scientist. Jesus these burgers look insane
to jucy lucy is up up out
You need some Wisconsin Butterburgers up in there!
3:14 Andrew is not amused.
What legends
Wait is that not Sean schemmel?
Matt's?  MATT'S?  Dude, you best watch out for those gangs Trump is talking about, hope they paid you hard.
Hialeah come pinga!!!
The Jucy Lucy at Matt's is the best burger I've ever had.
Babish and Alvin are polar opposites.
Fatty says he’s hungry... who would have thought???
I also have never heard of Carl's drive in but Working Man's Friend 234 Belmont ave. Indianapolis, IN 46222 has been open for 100 years. Not sure how long they have been making smash burgers ( Lacey edge burgers) but I'm willing to bet its longer than the 30 years Carl's has been making them.....Just sayin
Minnesota gang wya?
He is so hot
But you can’t end on a segue!
Is it just me or does Babish always sems so tens?
I got an acc with the same guy that cooks these burgers in it. Freaky
The chef looks like Sean Schemmel
who's lucy?
Babish looks like Ryan Reynolds
Alvin is the worst
I Only clicked in this video because i thought that guy  was Sean Schemmel... (The guy who does Goku's voice in DBZ)
But where's the creme freich?
I got an ad with George in it lol😁
Stick to the burgers, your history knowledge sucks.
I immediately google mapped Carl’s drive in and found I’m only 15 minutes away!! I know what I’m eating for lunch today 😄
I watched this then ran to the grocery store down the block to see if I could get a patty press. Boys, tonight I make a juicy Lucy
I'm definitely the only one who thinks this but in every video I've seen with babish in it (besides his own channel videos) he comes off as pretentious with a better than you complex. Very annoying and hard to watch.
Okay so you had the Cuban Frita, but if you wanna see what else Miami has to offer you've gotta try a Colombian burger, with pineapple sauce. When you get the chance, like you said, get off the beach and see where people who actually live in Miami eat. Los Perros is where it's at, one of the best burgers in the city.
If you closed your eyes and listened to this, I swear you’d think Charlie Sheen is the cook.
Let's get this cuban burger back to holland!
The chef reminds me of the Dr from Star Trek Enterprise
9:25 there is a piece of hair on the burger :/
American's are so weird about burgers... putting sauce on it and its not a burger? Glaze that mafucker up!
Definitely gonna make Jucy Lucy
Just a small correction the Cuban frita is available all over Miami not just little Havana.  Most if not all Cuban restaurants have that burger. ✌🏻
How is this guy so fat and still breathing? Trolls welcome to comment
My grandfather was killed by fidel castro face to face ...
Very cool burger priest
Get russel Peters in here
did anyone else see the hair on the last patty :D
Y’all put the American flag backwards on that burger cartoon smh
When Goku gets tired at fighting people.....he will become chef to eat better food 😂😂.
Gross Burger in Danville Illinois! Try it, you're welcome.
vsauce here
I've lived in St Louis for 34 years and I have had more than one juicy lucy from more than one different restaurant, you know what I've never even heard of?? The lacey edge burger. So for these guys to say that one kind of burger defines a region or on the other hand are specific only to one region is the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
Bro we had a jucy lucy in Florida in the 80s brother i dont think thats so regional
just high af
Fun fact. Stacey Lacey is a British pornstar.
Babish is kind of annoyed
This burger show is making people eat more meat, which is killing the planet.
why do they call that product they use cheese?
Why does he look like Sean Schemmel’s grandpa? He kind of sounds like him too
For those looking and are unaware. The smashula is $220....
The cross section for the Jucy Lucy sent me into a sexual frenzy wtf
Titis is a very burger name... like hepatitis?
What size garbage bag you wearing home boi?
krusty Krab burgers
Hi I'm Lucy
its annoying cuz im allergic to dairy but on every great burger exccpet the cuban frita there is cheese!
Binging Babish on hot ones, c’mon
Fun fact: all street burguers in Brazil have potato strings in then (just like the cuban frita).
For the cuban burger, if you see a vendor on the street you can ask him to make you one without ketchup and then get smacked in the back of the back of the head by momma
Speaking lacy burgers, Freddy's Frozen Custard is way closer to what you made than Shake Shack or 5 Guys.
What's this illinois only stuff?  You can get that 'paper' burger at any Freddy's.  and it's very close to a steak and shake/winsteads.
He looks like sean schemmel lol.
6:34 Will Smith tries a Jucy Lucy
There used to be a burger joint near me called Jucy Lucy, I must say there burgers were piping hot.
Muricans are so fat that they have a burger professor.
szs
the fat one looks like babish ate babish
The burger maestro should have his own show. Get rid of the fat guy man these episodes seems to slowly kill him.
That fat guy is close to his death bed
Oh no, not ketchup on a burger! What a stupid thing to have an issue with...
The cuban frita actually exists in america. I had it when i went last summer
1:30 When a burger jizzes in your mouth
How can you eat thousands and thousands of burgers and not be fat?
I’m from Minnesota and it depends where you’re from either Minneapolis or St. Paul. On where you think the Lucy started. Some people say Matt’s some people say 5.8 Club. And who has the better Lucy.  In my opinion it was 5.8 that invented the burger not Matt’s.
Babbish looks like he wants to die
He looks like Sean Shemmels dad.
This video is going on my list "preparing for casting as the Gluttony victim in the Se7en movie reboot"
I feel a little stupid for asking, so please pardon my ignorance, but why is it wrong/bad to put ketchup on a burger? Please educate me!
Eating one of these will shorten your lifespan by 1 month
That's food porn ...
Anybody notice the hair on the fritata burger?
Alvins beard is gross
He is soooo fat
That’s right submit little babish
Lacey-Edge.  Had one lastnight from only place in town that makes them, near where I live Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers.
in the thumbnail I thought it was Simon today I found out its not simon...
Were not allowed to eat cow in cuba thats y you don't see this in cuba anymore
Hello from Minnesota, lots of arguing over who started the Juicy Lucey between Matt' Bar and 5-8 Club. However 5-8 made another variation of the burger called a Saucey Sally where the burger sauce is put into the middle of the burger. Pretty damn amazing......
Omg this is so dumb.. the juicy lucy was not invented in that bar lmao ppl all across the southern usa have been making cheese stuffed burgers for 50years or longer... the concept came from chicken cordon bleu... morons.. everytime someone steals an idea and makes money off it they claim it was just invented and have some wild crazy story about it.. so dumb... food is food.
I'd love to see you guys visit Miller's in Dearborn, MI! It's Jerry Seinfeld's best burger in America, and it consistently hits the top burger joint of America lists. :)
I wanna drink and burger with these guys. I gotta go with that Cuban Frita.
Whan I click on the video i  thought it was v sauce but it’s not v sauce, The disappointment is real
I grew up inside that y between Indi and Chicago and I guess I'm spoiled because lacy smashburgers and butterburgers are just the standard out here.
When are we getting babish on hot ones?????
Hey I recognise that lacy burger they use that style at Freddy's steakburgers and at a place in vernal Utah called polar king unfortunately polar king closed but Freddy is still open
theres an entire chain in the midwest that does lacy edge burgers, it's called Freddy's tops in n out and shake shack any day
Babish, what are you complaining about with the lack of cheese on the Cuban burger? You don't like cheese on burgers anyway. You like that fake "pasteurized processed cheese food" crap that isn't actually cheese. It tastes like plastic.
If anything I learned from Gordan Ramsay its that you SEASON YOUR BURGER Before you place the meat on the grill!
I can't look at that fat mexican guy anymore. He looks like he's going to explode any second and blast fermented meat and cheese everywhere that's been gurgling in his stomach for years.
Why do you guys flatten the burger like a pancake I'm a professional chef we never do that here. That looks absolutely disgusting. That's like 85% bun, lol wth?
Babish is actually pretty cringe.
The lacy one ☝️ is like what we do at my restaurant Freddys Frozen Custard Steakburgers 🍔. Shake shack ain’t got shit on us!!! Love your show. I’d love you to give me a shout out or drop by and I’ll show you how Freddys does it!!!!
I watched the original video like 30 times. Glad they're making more with George Motz, that dude is my hero.
George Motz looks and sounds like Johnny Knoxville in disguise
good
As someone who hates cheeseburgers, THANK YOU for including that Cuban burger! 🤤🤤😋
I'm worried about Alvin's health :/
Just an hour west of St Louis you will find Salem Il. On rte 37 there is Chuck's. You will not find a better smash burger. The Wimpy is the standard, but if you like a little zip... get a Brutus. You will not be sorry.
Alvin is almost the quintessential American, Facial Pubes, Neckbeard, fat. Well at least he's not stupid. Dude, stop eating and go jogging, i looked the same as you, but since 6 months now i started eating and drinking healthier and doing sports 2-3 times a week. works like a charm and you'll feel better.
Why are you calling Burgers american...
So this is what Sean Schemmel does when he's not  Goku lol
Andrew's face when prof seasoned the burger on the skillet
That big guys has hamburger grease coming out of his face.
They don’t put ketchup in Fritas 😶😶😶
The bald guy is a nobody why is he here
Learned a lot, and never knew Johnny Knoxvile made such good burgers.
I make a burger with queso frito, this spicy green sauce Peruvians use as a condiment, brown sugar bacon, on bao. Its almost too good.
Ahh yes, the In N Out over rated over hyped burgers.
babish, the joke among cooks
Babish is so well spoken- Love him and his show
I live about 2 miles from Carls Drive-In, and I can testify that the burgers there are absolutely terrible, both in taste and for the price. Also the staff always get stuff wrong, just in general not a great burger or experience.
Why does that one dude look like the dub actor for goku 😂😂😂😂
Matt's Bar is my favorite place in Minneapolis. I look forward to going every time I'm in MN.
dude looks like a johnny Knoxville character
I feel like no one appreciated that communist joke, but I did. Well played.
Raw onion on a burger can GTFO.
3:25 my guy literally came in his pants
I just can't get the Juicy Lucy right, mainly because the cheese you're supposed to use is really hard to find in the UK.
REPPIN THE MIDWEST BABY
George's voice is so soothing idk why
when the recommended works properly
VSauce! Not Michael here.
brb gotta go to miami right quick
You guys need to feature a "Pueblo Slopper" burger. One of the best regional burgers you'll ever have.
Thought he was Sean Schemmel
Do they know that the hamburger is german in origin? Seems like burgers are an american discovery by listening to these guys
That hair at 9:25 though bluuuughhh :'(
Why is Johnny Knoxville making burgers now?
Andrej Babish himself
The "cultural part of Miami".... SMH... Every part of everywhere has a culture...
Big guy should lay off the burgers for a bit
Ugh. Who invited this four eyed stuck up guys to the show. 

This guy has nothing nice to say
AAAAAAAAHHH! 
THAT'S HOT! THAT'S HOT!
That spatula cost(ed) $220...holy cow meat!
Johnny loves Alvin but dude, look after yourself.
George looks like the type of guy you go to in an acokalyptic scenario . lol
Juicy lucy stuffed with sautéed onions and jalapeños
Just started the video and I hope he doesn’t refer to him only as Babish the whole episode. Especially when his description says his name
So inspired to make a Jucy Lucy myself!!! Thanks a ton!
Hey that's the same guy from the ad
Theres actually a feud between 5-8 and Matt's over who actually invented the Jucy Lucy
regional burger and you guys havent done the up state new york classic? the steamed ham?
The teacher sounds like solid snake half the time
Drag Babish on to Hot Ones!!!
Cuban frita only available in little Havana? Gtfo. 
Come down to Hialeah and hit up Moro Castle or el Rey de las fritas and get schooled on what a real frita is.
finally i miss you guys!!!!!
This dude is gross to look at. Someone get him a facial or something for that acne
That fat as dude who looks like a rotting marshmellow makes and angry just looking at him
Wow didn’t know Sean Schemmel love burgers too..
this is why veganism can never work
sorry cows we gonna have to kill a whole lot of you for a very long time
10:20 I think you just alienated most of your British viewers. 

What's wrong with a chip butty?
What you are about to see is real. The participants are not chefs. They're actually cooks who made burgers by using step-by-step instructions. Both tips have agreed to do their tests, and have their tastings settled here, in our forum...The Burger Show.
You need to head up to Canada to try Johnny's Burger in Toronto! as well as Star Burger in Whitby! Both are staples and have been around for decades'.
Is Burger Scholar, George Motz just Ultra Instinct Sean Schemmel?
What type of burger buns does he use? They look amazing
“I’ll be the judge of this”
This dude Alvins arteries are not having fun !
I'll smash the like button for the burgers
V-sauce, burger here!
AHHH THATS HOT. THATS HOT.
Here’s the key with the Jucy Lucy - don’t bite into it immediately, because you will burn the hell out of your face with cheese lava. 

Also, don’t get fancy with the cheese. Use american cheese or you won’t get that classic cheese melt.
Yay Minnesota!
I love everything with George in it
Juicy Lucy is all over New England
I thought you were Vsauce
gotta say the lacy edge burger was my favorite. Easy enough to do at home and I wanna try a crunchy burger.
George is fire!
Can we get a recipe for these? I want to make these myself!
That dude looks like Sean schemmels dad or older brother
Juicy.
Is broiler chicken bad for health? some say poultry chickens are subjected to antibiotics, steroids to produce more meat and it can cause cancer. Should we stop eating fried chicken?
Add me on Snapchat, We can start a streak or chat 👻🔥💖

demonic.bae
So babish and jhonny knoxville are collaborating. Nice.
Johnny Knoxville looks just like George Motz.
This was great ,, the burger God's have blessed us with this video
Shortly that George Motz guy is a relative of Johny knoxvile
Yes. Glad to see a burger from central Illinois make the cut! So happy!!!
Bro it’s 1:00 am and this vid made me hungry fml bro
As a Cuban, that Frita made me crave some Cuban food
So this was amazing.. we need more
Love these episodes. Do more regional burger episodes. Maybe even make it its own series.
As someone who lives in minnesota, the jucy lucy has always been my favorite burger
Good thing for Al, black is slimming.
I use Simple Mobile and I'm just NOW finding out about this show.
Shoutout Stacey
why does he kinda look like johnny knoxville in the thumbnail tho ..
Looks like an old Johnny knoxville
Hell yea!
These George Motz episodes the best ones!!!!!!
Maybe get off the segway and walk a bit dude.. it's bad enough you eat greasy burgers for a living lol
Does anyone else hear Charlie sheen ?
Loving the burgers presented here, though you really don't need a press to set up jucy lucy patties.
Wow i mistook this guy for Sean Schemmel. Anyone else?
Man, I need to go to the Mago de las Fritas on Calle 8 next time I'm in Miami, it's been too long.
Put Babish on Hot Ones!!!
Regarding fries on a burger. You have the right to be wrong, it's okay.
Damn!! I know the proper way to make a juicy Lucy. Mine did mess up last time I made it.
That dude had to take out all his firearms
Please talk about the Squeeze with Cheeze from the Squeeze Inn!
I gotta make that Cubano burger!
There's a bar here in North Carolina that sell a juicy Lucy
shout out stacy? more like shout out stacys mom
1:30 nah bruh its in saint paul too, it was just started in minneapolis
3 is the bess
Going to Miami in April... Where's the best place for a frita?
did they join the clean plate club is the real question.
612 all day
Who is the bald guy?
what watch is babish wearing
borgar
Note to the editor: @ 4:26 the S has been cut off from "soul in this"  ;) not trying to be nit-picky, just like to notice these things as I'm an editor as well!
I'm glad Wolverine found a passion outside of X-Men
Seeing as how this episode was primarily centered around midwest regional burgers I think the iconic Wisconsin butter burger should have been included.
This is great. I'd love if this style of episode was the main focus instead of... feeding Tony Hawk burgers on a half pipe??
That Segway didn’t sound happy :/
Motz needs to have his own YouTube channel I wish his show was still on tv
6:27 LMAO
What's up with the Russian Hammer and Sickle image on Cuba @ 7:43?
I think I can get on board with that Frita.
I ate a burger while watching this, these looked way better than what I made
I feel like Babish was annoyed with the quirks
kinda seems like George should host this show
Thought this was a Vsauce video :/
5:13 I hope the “Jucy Lucy” was intentional.
can u guys do corridor digital
Didn’t know Sean Schemmel was a burger master
Big guy is an eye sore
that cuban burger oh baby
Hi, this is Simon Wesley and today I found out what is a regional burguer
I’m a journalist who has been trying to get a gig reviewing burgers and this is why. F***ing dream job.
i would kill to eat those...
I vote the Cuban Frita. He's wrong about purism. A burger is simple: Ground beef and Bread. That's the Hamburger that Russian sailors ate in Hamburg, according to legend. Technically, the original hamburg steak is on an open faced sandwich. The two buns were added to make it packageable to day workers who would grab the sandwich in the morning and take it to work. A Hamburger is beef, and bread: that's it. This is the San Bernardino explosion after the White Castle expansion. Whatever you do after that is merely aftermarket parts. And I want the Frita. I've had Jucy Lucy being from the Midwest. Good, but boring. And the Laced Edge is fun and I love having those back home in Missouri. But a spiced burger with tons of onion with shoestring potatoes? Count me in.
I really need to start eating something BEFORE watching these videos. They always, without fail, leave me salivating wanting a burger lol
That first burger got me like DAMN 🤤
George reminds me so much of Johnny Knoxville
There's a hair on the burger at 9:26 


Would still eat.
I'm off to make a lacy edge right now!
Hungover babish gets hangry
These look dope but what’s good with a veggie burger episode
6:29 lol
What is the opposite of chemistry? because Babish and George had it. Delicious looking burgers though!
That teacher looks like a fat Johnny Knoxville
LACEY STACEY!
Decatur IL is a total shithole but Kreckels has the most amazing burgers ever
oh-haha thats hot, thats hot
You guys need butter burgers
I don’t know how many copies of his book were sold from the first two trips on the burger show but I’m convinced I need burger America pronto
7:31 Cuba is 90 miles away from Miami
Babish is not impressed
Saying putting fries on a burger is grotesque but then he likes the cheese filled burger? You cray babs
Hey. Doesn’t this video already exist? 

Here’s an idea... do something new...
I love Babish but the fact that he’s against putting fries on a burger bothers me.
Wow.. That's a Saturday afternoon with buddies, and some cold beer. Priceless.
When was Babish going to tell us his real name is Andrew Rea? I straight up thought Babish was like, his real name. I feel so betrayed, finding out this way.
What griddle is that?

Are there any electric griddles that can compete?
Holy mackerel that Jucy Lucy looks amazing.
Super surprised there aren't more Minnesotans here starting a 508 Bar vs. Matt's conflict about who ACTUALLY invented the thing. :P
Came for Babish, stayed for the Jucy Lucy.
The other Burger dude did not like Babish 😂
If you ever see George again, tell him I wish he was my uncle.
No Carolina Classic? x.x
Knoxville cooking burger
Best episode yet
I see Babbs, I smash like.
Get Elon musk on Hot Ones!
Best show on YouTube. I just wish the host would have a shave. 😆
Babish is so out of his element here, it's hilarious. He's next to a successful chef restaurateur and an iconic expert, trying to act like he's anything more than a youtube star with practically no real experience and a film degree. I don't see what he adds to this episode aside from clickbait factor.
god alvin really needs to save himself i feel so bad watching him
Am I the only one from central Illinois that hasn’t heard of the Lacey edge burger?
6:33 It's Rewind time!
Cuban burger still needs cheese.....
Juicy Lucy....I call 'Bullshido': Bifteki yemista, Greeks have had it for centuries.
Am I the only one who think that George motz sounds just like the dude from scam school?!
You can get a Juicy Lucy in Frederick, MD at Barley & Hops. It's still pretty legit to the original.
Motz always takes this show to the next level! Good stuff!!
W00t! More videos with Andrew please! This looked like something I want to try
Babby was on from comically
My favorite burger show with my favorite chef as a guest star? YES PLEASE!
I am so proud to see Minneapolis well represented here. I’m glad they painted us in the right light, claiming Matt’s as the first!
Dammit, now I want a frita 😭
The people from 5-8 are not gonna be happy to see Matt's bar with another credit for creating the Jucy Lucy.
That man is a burger genius
Whatcha' know about a green chili cheese burger.
Texmex burger. Jalapeno and onion in the 75/25 Chuck with sharp cheddar.
#BaBishOnHotOnesNow!!!
that beat fire tho
Anyone else agree that the dude looks a bit like sean schemmel?
What's more American than a burger brought to the country by immigrants, it's legacy living on past the culture death of the original in Cuba at the hands of a communist regime?
Ok
What is the burger scientists website? I need a spatula
The story of the Cuban hamburger is the best because as you listen to the man, he shows how socialism developed into communism(as It ALWAYS does), and destroyed yet another good thing. Kids, remember that when you are voting in 2020; will you want to destroy yet another good thing?
I want to try all three of those burgers! I will probably try making the Lacey-Edge myself next time I'm making smash burgers. Smashburgers are all about crust, so might as well maximize it. The one I most want to try is the Cuban Frita. That looks different and completely delicious. It's the one that has a special flavor. It sounds a little complex to make one myself without ever having had one. Special regional bun, julienning and frying a bunch of potatoes, etc. If I go to Miami, eating one is going to be a priority. The Juicy Lucy is surely delicious but it also can't taste much different from a double cheeseburger with the cheese between the meat. The difference is all the interior liquid dribbling down your chin and possibly burning your tongue when you bite into it. It's the burger version of a soup dumpling.
3 legends in one show.  🤑
Thought the dude in the back was Johnny Knoxville.
The 1st one would be my favorite. Just pure as gold. Yummy, yummy....
Chris from Missouri
George Motz should be the host of the show, no cap
I would totally watch a YouTube series with George Motz
Amazing cast. I'd pay to see the three of you do a regular show.
Minnesota Gang!! Mats Lucy’s are the Best!!
I thought that was Johnny Knoxville.
Imagine calling yourself, A burger scholar. YIKES
I am SO incredibly upset that I can't eat that Cubano burger.


Edit: My local brewpub does jucy lucy with whatever cheese you want, which is pretty amazing.
Sounds like he's been eating thousands of burgers
Nice editing
11:29 Bored burger, we made it boys
George sounds like he's gonna suffer cardiac arrest at any moment. I know 80 year old smokers who don't sound as forced when they talk
It is not fact that Matt's Bar invented the stuffed burger. They call it the "Jucy Lucy" because of a typo on menu. The rivalry between 5-8 Club and Matt's Bar over where it originated is still going strong. Shout out to Minneapolis and our amazing burgers!
How pretentious is this guy.
LuL Bab is hung over af!
colombian burger is better....
Adding seasoning to a burger challenges what a real burger is...? Why do Americans like to eat so blandly?
No joke my name is Lacey and my best friend since I was 3 is named Stacey
Alvin started glitching and I was like “am I tweaking?”
Daaaaamn! I love George Motz. He and Alvin is perfection in the burger show.
George Motz or Sean Schemmel (Goku) with sideburns...
WHERE'S THE CHALULA?????
We got juicy Lucy’s in New Orleans
Got me a frita cubana last week from Portos in burbank, they're great.
Yo who else thought that Alvin had a heart attack or something and Babish took over the show lmao.
Lmao “burger scholar”
Minnesota represent!
Shoops does burgers like that Chicagoland area
George would have to THROW me out. I would not leave unless he did. I want to know more.
A burger made of crust? Like a Krusty Burger?
IDK if anyone else thinks this but in the thumbnail the older guy looks like an old Johny Knoxville
Burger church
I thought that was sean schemmel lmao
Cuban for me!  
Or try my concoction burger.  Scrambled meat seasoned with onions, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, pepper and salt, place in center of large flour tortilla, add cheddar cheese, crispy tater tots, lettuce, tomato and a sour cream with salsa sauce.  Fold into a big burrito.  Watch out it is so good!
why is george not the host? alvin knows nothing compared to him
Very cool content. Very cool guys. Yummy Burgers. Nice one!
in 'communist cuba' everyone has healthcare. here we have burgers...
You never, NEVER, mix the ingredients into the beef. Season the meat and add toppings. Mixing stuff into the meat is a amateur move and detracts from the burger.
Shoutout to Carl's Drive-in! The most awkward restaurant with the best burgers!
Carl's, Chuck-A-Burger, Steak N Shake all cook the thin burger smashed out with a spatula. Very delicious.
"Thousands of burgers in the past 18 years of research" 
That 3rd one just looks amazing...
MY NAME IS STACY  YA'LL THANKS FOR SHOUTOUT
George is a god amongst men
Professor Motz giving people one hecky of a lecture, would probably take this class if it was offered at a university.
I got our boy Alvin in a simple mobile ad before the video... Wild times
I really have to stop watching this without food. My god, this is more effective than any fast food restaurant commercial could ever HOPE to be.
such a good show
Damn that looks just like the burger at Matt's!
That Juicy Lucy though 🤤
Sweet, Sean Schemmel with muttinchops likes burgers
Alvin your hands looks like a  pair of brioche buns
Babish is Binging
Babish!!!
3:13 Put on subtitles and watch what it says about the spatula wtf?
How dare you spread these Matt’s lies? The Juicy Lucy was invented at the 5-8 Club in Minneapolis. Period.
Binging with Babish acting like he's king of burgers get the hell out of here man
Being that fat must be sad...
People get caught up so easily..
Glad to see you acknowledged the true originator of the Jucy Lucy, Matt's Bar.
Shout-out St.Louis! been here my whole life!
No thanks. I hate onions, and this guy seems incapable of making anything without revolting amounts of them. The fact he was against ketchup is astonishing. Burgers are my favorite food, and it saddens me to see such tremendous potential ruined by onions. 

Gross.
Winstead’s Kansas City does the Lacy as well 👍🏻
No word of a lie I thought that was Johnny Knoxville in makeup at first hahaha
I was waiting for Babby to say that those burgers would hit the clean plate club ;)
Literally anything: exists
Americans: is this communism?
Babby with some on point burger decisions
Anybody else really think that George Motz looks a lot like the voice actor for Goku?
Give the show to George. Alvin's value here is negligible.
Bring 357 back as most guests can't handle it
Man, I wish he would do one from Texas, since after all it’s part of the ‘burger belt’ of America.
I live in Miami and I've never seen one of these Fritas you speak of
Can we get Gucciberry on for the hot ones?
NOT EVERYTHING NEEDS ONIONS.
I'll try making the juicy lucy
That moment when you get the simple mobile burger ad before the video.
Give George a show!
The Juicy Lucy becomes infinitely better the moment you realize you can dip your fries IN your burger so now you have an awesome burger AND cheese fries.
Oh I'm smashing burgers that way tonight, that looks way too good!!
What about the 5-8 Club vs Matts Bar!!!!!!
you heard it here first THAT'S HOT
the 3rd burger did not intrest me but oh boy ! the other 2 looked awesome !
I ask you, What is hotter than expertise!? Love this guy
Dude sounds like he smoked a whole carton of Marlboros before the shoot
Dude that guy look and sound like the voice actor for goku #seanschemel
Anyone know the make/model of that countertop griddle?  That would up my burger game quite a bit.
wisconsin butter burger?
6:33 

It’s rewind time
Much more real than the previous episode, that food-wasting shit compare to this episode is night and day. George Motz is amazing and I already watch Babish on the regular.
Choz Borgor is best borgor fren
George Motz is just Sean Schemmel from another timeline.
Mt Motz is the MAM!!!🇺🇸
George Motz looks a lot like Sean Schemmel (The actor who voices Goku)
Damn george motz's a god
who do i get one of those grills ?
I thought his name was Andrew
I hope they keep having him on until he’s shown us every burger in America.
LOVE THIS
Wow I got a simple mobile ad with Alvin that’s on purpose though right?
Please more regional burgers! Love this  guy George! 🙏🏼
True way to eat a juicy Lucy is eat half of your side(usually fries) before eating to not burn your tongue out

-a true Minnesotan
@gmb_scenery
Man. I love ketchup on my burger
Babish should make a mix of all 3 recipes :p
I would sell my left nut to have the title "Burger Scholar"
Aaaaaaalllllllviiiiin 🤗🤗🤗🤗
On gaude? 7:55-8:02
I found this to be confirming my pet theory that when it comes to cooking, surface area is everything.
damn that segway was struggling
On gaude 6:27-6:29
I'm moving here in Norway to a smaller city, but I checked out ahead. They serve the Juicy Lucy at one of heir restaurants!
I like the labia burger
I'm curious what these burger experts think of Burgerville. They are only in the Portland/Vancouver area.
Bo Bandy Approved!
The most ambitious crossover event in history!!!
he could eat 80 of those
read the title and still thought it was michael in the thumb nail
This host finna die
Am I the only one who is worried about the health of big fello in this video?
Imagine when they discover the Brazilian Baurus? not just the tradicional but most variations its ridiculous the amount of variations(can find a place selling like 15 variations there alone) lol
THE BURGER SHOW IS BACK, BABY! Who do you want to see on the show this year?
R.I.P those burgers that were harmed without being eaten in the making of this video, you will be missed.
Tony looks more and more like Bill Gates
Tony: I really don't like onions--always order burgers without them.
Alvin: Here's a huge pile of onions on your burger.
Tony: I also don't like blue cheese--I try to stay away from it.
Alvin: Here's a huge scoop of blue cheese on your burger. Also, here's a huge scoop of onion marmalade on top.
Whats that> You don't like blue cheese or onions? Try this blue cheese and onion jam burger.
I think that Alvin is a genuinely good chef, a nice guy, and very knowledgeable. That being said, Sean, please give this guy some training/advice in giving interviews. I’m sure that he’s just nervous, but he’s not very knowledgeable about guests and doesn’t connect with them, but alienates them. Your show has to be flexible to accommodate the guests. If goddamned Tony Hawk doesn’t like onions and bleu cheese, give him a burger without it! Improvise, dude. The issue is that this lack of connection makes this show awkward and borderline unwatchable.
Tony: always get no onions

every burger they try has onions
Wondering where the dislikes came from but after watching... Yeahhh pretty cringe, Tony is trying to be polite and subtily make clear that he doesn't like onions. Alvin: Give this man all the onions!
5:35 Him trying to pull out the onion ring. Come on guys, it's one thing to stick to the recipe, it s another to give a person something he has specifically said they don't want.
I love Tony Hawk and I love burgers, but this host just didn't really seem to be very good in my opinion. I felt like Tony Hawk really carried this interview when it should typically be the host's job.
Tony Hawk says he gets no onions several times and then they immediately make him a burger with onions on it lol common guys
Alvin when your guest says "no onions" multiple times, don't put onion on their burger lol
Tony Hawk was great but that interview was terrible. The interviewer seems to know nothing about skate, questions were awkward and I feel like he Tony didn't have much chance to say what he thought of the burgers.
Nice to see Alvin still weighing 400 lbs and not knowing how to shave or shower.
This was legit painful to watch. Alvin needs to go if you want this to get anywhere close to Hot Ones-level success
tony is a saint. i also hate onions and was screaming internally seeing them gratuitously added onto each burger.
Tony hawk: nO oNiOn

Cook: Try this plant burger with onions 

Tony hawk: ( screams internally )
It feels more like Tony Hawk was interviewing Alvin, not the other way round
Why don't you just put an onion between two burger buns while you're at it lol
i don't understand why the intro was him destroying a bunch of food? That seems abit unnecessary...
he was out of breath reading the intro lmao
Don't waste burgers like ever again. You hear me?
Love the Birdman, love the channel, but these episodes continually make me uncomfortable
Hawk: "No onions"
Presenter: ok lemme just put onions in all these burgers
maybe the worst episode in the show so far.
Ollie a 6 set, lmfao! Shows massive 6 block. Big boy doesn't edit his own show or know anything about skating.
This video should be titled 'Tony Hawk specifies he doesn't like onions on burgers and then proceeds to get served not one, not two, but three burgers with onions, while a film crew throws more burgers with onions on his vert ramp, show.'
I don't want a milkshake was the biggest lie the host said 😂
When you want to flex on the poor by wasting food
tony hawk is ... FIFTY ??
As soon as I click on the video:
skates on burgers
God damn intro got me screaming inside why I gotta do that to them perfectly well burgers
Tony said the phrase "no onions" like 6 times and he still put onions on it.
Onions add an incredible flavor and crunch to a burger. I'd say onions are more important to add than lettuce.
50 plus and still got it. My man keep it up
That looked like a goofy challenge in a retro Tony Hawk's Pro Skater game
grind all the burgers in one combo!
Why you gonna use a metal on a non stick pan? Mildly infuriating. Mr. Hawk, you're rad. 
Carry on.
I love how Tony has something bad to say about each.
Tony Hawk still looking good just like in his videogame 19 years ago :') damn
So basically now this show is just a sellout to promote impossible burger 🤦‍♂️👌🤷‍♂️
Honestly, that second burger would be great if you just remove the noodles and give it a regular bun.
Where tf have you been Tony ? Lol please redo you skating games 🔥🔥🔥
Tony's 50?!!11!?

Thanks, I feel younger :-)
Tony Hawk: "I just go with a cheeseburger, no onions"
Alvin proceeds to put raw onions on the 1st burger
:-)
"im gonna cook some vegetables tonight"
watches this
NEED IN N OUT
Try watching this while fasting and your neighbours cooking something delicious that you can catch wiffs of it as you walk around the apartment...
Torture I tell you, TORTURE!!!
That's one big boy. Food looks amazing tho
You serve the IMPOSSIBLE BURGER to Hawk and not Rodney Mullen?

You have made a moderately powerful enemy this day...
Lol.. Tony hated those burgers..he dislikes onion...gave him onion, dislikes blue cheese, gave him blue cheese and onion...damn SMH...Oh well...good show!
Burgers were harmed during the making of this video :(
is my man building a fukn burger with plating tweezers
Alvin why would you feed this man Onion and MULTIPLE TIMES and then BLUECHEESE AND ONION when he literally said he didnt like it. This guy was just being polite but jesus. Step up your game man.
Keep up the good work Anthony Hawk 🤟
Tony Hawk starting to look like Bill Gates. Is it just me?
Tony like hold up let throw these onions away lol
Darn... I another soulless, script dependant non-reactive host.
Manager: Hey Tony, uh.. we got this gig. Think you can go skate and eat some random guy’s burgers?

Tony: Fine
Editor: How many slow-mo shots do we need
Alvin: Yes
Tony Hawk: "No onions. I avoid onions."
First burger with "red onions."
Tony Hawk: "I didn't like the first one because of the red onions."
Last burger with "onion marmalade."
0:00
Vegetarians be like: SOMEONE CLIP THAT AND MAKE IT A MONTAGE
I absolutely hate wasting food!

Great video nevertheless. :3
A noodle burger with leaves?

...No thank you.
stop wasting food there are starving bobsleders in Jamaica
Tony Hawk is a God amongst men!!! Watched you all my life Tony.......you Freak'n Rock.... I think more now then ever!
Tony Hawk and Bill Burr are the same age. 
Why is that messing with my head
Mad respect man, your big but you still do things that are amazing. Nice work!
Hey camera team for this one....








nice job that intro sequence looked fresh.
Cool guy tony hawk 🤣🤣 simpsons shit,,, that onion jam looked fye
The “gourmet burger” bun i called a bolillo and its from México
Double Double. My man Tony knows what's up.
Hey Tony Hawk, big fan here, just wonder, what's your highest score on Tony Hawk's Pro Skater? Thx
You ain’t have to waste all those burgers bruh
Didn't grill or fry the buns for a few seconds >.>
Second time watching this and once I click on it a Burger Show ad plays. That's nice. 😏
It involved "Simple Mobile".
“No Burgers Were Harmed In The Making Of This Video”
Don’t mind me, just watching a. Fifty year old man skate and thinking he’s in better shape than I’ll ever be...
Tony Hawk said no onion at least 10 times before the first burger that he put onions on lol
Hey is tony hawk still the greatest skateboarding man alive
Daaaaaamm, u would think Tony had more decency. 
There's probably starving skaters outside 😳
Tony hawk pro skater 2 was straight 🔥
I felt like I was in a parallel universe for those first 2 minutes; edgy shots of Tony Hawk interlaced with shots of Alvin cooking a burger in slow mo
i swear if you say umami one more time
Tony Hawk is the Kelly Slater of skate boarding..
@First We Feast that intro was f***ing great man it was like being at the movie theaters.
Okok mr. Burger getting ringtone deals out here.
Rich$6an6
Please don't waste food like that. People die of hunger every day.
I like how Tony had an honest opinion about the taste. Didn’t just say everything is amazing.
Found your show over the last week.  Watched every episode back to back. Loved it.  Every other friday is burger night for me and my son's.  Based on your show I decided to make my own for the first time.  I'm a decent cook.   But best burgers I've ever had and really enjoyed making them with my boys.  I hope to get better (I forgot to season) but thanks for the great show and thanks for a new experience with my boys.  Love your work bud.

Oh also.  I'm from the UK.  We don't have good food :)
That "bun" on the Father's Office is a freaking bolillo. Just sayin'. Gourmet stuff is such BS, people. Does look interesting and would try it.
11:28
Back in the day when that was the "Top of the line" computer.
Now, a damn potato is considered more technologically advanced...
STOP SMASHING THOSE BURGERS!!!!!!
left a dislike for the poor borgers
DAM Tony Hawk 50 years old??? I feel old yo
No burgers were hurt during the making of this video 




All payed actors
Square Enix: we made the weirdest crossover
First we feast: hold ma beer
What a start to the series! Tony Hawk...as talented as ever! And those burgers look amazing!
1:49
now THATS what I call a smashburger
"*Huff...* We top it off with this... Onion marmalade." 
Lol poor Tony
When did Tony Hawk suddenly become Gordon Ramsay
tony hawk!!! love that guy such alegend. Get Jack Black.
Did you NOT hear Tony Hawk say No Onions?
where can i buy that onion jam
Double double +1. We've got Tony Hawk. End of debate.
Yeah this one is alright, just feel like there’s something missing.

Yeah like that sauce is amazing right?

Yeah that sauce is great. Just something missing.

But that sauce right?
guy: hey tony you wanna help us give away free hamburgers to the homeless. 


Tony: nah i got something cooler we can do 0:01
That obese guy will die soon.

And no, is not "hate". Is factual dietary information.

Get help.
Yeah just cough over the pickles dude.
Those skating connections and questions were just fkin terrible lol
Honestly, Tony Hawk is a legend and an inspiration, to still be skating hard like that and doing insane tricks at 50 years old... goddamn.
Tony Hawk is god don't disrespect him with y'alls crunchy onions.
Says I hate onion, chef makes all burgers with onions lmao
Tony Hawk is the living proof that SKATING KEEPS YOU YOUNG
would love another Tony Hawk's Underground game...those  games were legendary
"¿so what does Nike know about making shoes?" R'you fo' real boooy?
@muchdank please try these onions
the guy with the skating over burgers idea should be fired
Tony says "ya im tryna watch what I eat", this alvin guy is like "ya no doubt dawg, fer sure!
The interviewer sounds like a stoned teenager with the way he talks .. he drags out allll hissss worddss rightttt
HELL YESSS. I love this show and want to see more of the worlds burgers!
The Hawk can still Soar!!!... Awesome episode Feast!
HE SAID NO ONION, SO MANY TIMES!! YET YOU STILL PUT ONIONS ON THE BURGER!!!
blue cheese ... bring on the FUNK! I could watch slo mo Tony Hawk all day long
3rd season. U should be exercising
Look at tony hawk he looks young just like tom Brady tom brady might play football until he is 50😂
when tony said he doesn't eat burgers with onions he was indirectly telling you he doesn't want onions on his burger. I actually feel a bit bad since he probably didn't enjoy the burgers as much as he said he did to not be rude on the show.
Whoa, the b-roll footage in this episode is top-notch!
Onions are such an essential part of a good burger imo...
I just love that tony dropped the burger. Growing up around LA in the 80's tony hawk was the icon of skating for me and my friends.
Damn that Segway was screaming 😱 lmao!
Bruh now I'm gonna have to go to the burgers' funerals
Tony hawk’s is secretly bill gates
I have to say, after all these years TH is still a down to earth man. You absolutely deserve your icon status.
Tony hawk:Sound awesome
Other guy (sorry i dont know his name):Who?
11min of b-roll 2 mins of content
Alvin's heavy breathing would take me out of the video....
Chef should have looked into ingredients tony is not into and picked burgers he would like. What an ass
The last one is a "Fancy Torta'!
Man, sad that this episode had the potential to be great but then alvin was the host..
Where can I buy that Keizo Shimamoto Secret Sauce?
The man says he likes his burgers with no onions. So naturally, of course the chef adds onions....
The dude says he goes sans onions first thing and this “Chef” cookes him 2/3 burgers with onions one with stinkin onion relish.

I guess this is why he is on YouTube paying people to cook for them rather than cooking in a restaurant...
Tony Hawk may be 50, but he looks and sounds 35, maybe younger. He will never be old in my eyes.
I mean come on, what is so aesthetic about tony hawk skating, crushin/wasting burgers same time?
Father's office burger is the Delux burger at Delux in Phoenix. I worked there over 10 years ago, so I wonder who really invented it. It is delicious, however.
When a guest says no onions don’t serve them a burger with onions, same with the blue cheese. 🍔
This is cringey. Tony Hawk was a polite and gracious guest but this didn't work. He definitely wasn't in to the ingredients being put on these burgers.  

A better way to make this would have been to let Tony make the burger he likes and then give him a signature burger recipe based in his preferences. It would have established why I should care about Tony Hawk's opinion on burgers and given him some authority on the topic.
The edits on this video.🔥🔥!
Tony is a class act. I skated in CBad back in the day and saw him and his kids around. A real stand up guy. Fantastic video.
Sees burgers what have you brought upon this cursed land
It's only an impossible if it wraps around your foot ;-)
Tony is like.......humble man it's almost weird
Tony Hawk is better at talking about food than Alvin
Weird intro but ok
I'd call that skate trick The Burger Snatch 180°, and The Burger Flip.
Man I could be eating those
Hello, Humans. A tiger eats a bowl of fish, a bowl of fish kill the tiger. The tiger's dead body comes back to life. Life itself, ends. Once life ends, the universe starts over and the tiger rules over the universe.

TERRANCE OUT
Host is fine - The show just didn't do their research on anything skateboarding related and it shows lol
The guy hates onions and he keeps putting onions on his burger lol. What a horrible chef
Tony Hawk always holds it down for SD with his class and down to earth nature.
Tony " my mom really did sleep with a bird" hawk
This guy is really good. he must use that persons ramp to practice a lot. hopefully he gets some recognition, soon. Grabbing the burger while grinding? gotta be worth at least 250 points.
Tony 50 is not old keep it up man...
-Tony “With the first burger that you made, with the red onions. Like, not a fan of red onions. Definitely order without it usually.”
-Alvin “We top it off with this onion marmalade.” 😂😂
Tony Hawk: McDonald's #2, no onions. A man of the people!
No burgers were harmed in the making of this video
Did this guy really ask what Nike knows about skateboarding? Smh...
Sometimes i forget this channel isnt all Hot Ones interviews
"I get no onions"  "Ok for this first one we got some onions"
this video should've been like 5 mins long MAX
Your getting old tony....but still a Legend!
I love the sneaky way Tony takes the onion off of the impossible burger. 👌
Damn he still rocks at this age.. Crazy legend
this dude sounded like he was getting winded by just talking.
I am 30 years old now and Tony Hawk is still my hero. Skate and Create
Wait tony can still skate like hes young??? Dude this guy got some crazy talent to still skate like his now and his age comparison
Yes! Is back. I really love the show. That last bun I think it's called a bolillo. Also, suck it haters.
Didn't know I could love Tony Hawk more.
Watching him boardslide those burgers at the beginning triggered me.

Tony, I'm a huge fan of yours and your games, but I might have to give it to ya.
Iconic Burgers ? Not one of those pretentious burgers is iconic. A big Mac iconic. A Grandpa burger iconic. A simple cheese burger off the BBQ iconic.
5:13 HE LITERALLY SAID CHEESEBURGER NO ONIONS ARE YOU THICK?
I don’t know how to ride a skate board, but I know who Tony Hawk is...Cuz he’s a legend!
FO on these bougie Burgers, Give Tony a Real Burger no Onions!
Please make next season The Salad Show for this man's health.
These looked AMAZING, the amount of people bitching about onions is crazy
Tony hawk is cool af. Im glad he was a role model for me growing up
Tony Hawk is legend.
7:52 wooow Ben Dillinger!!! My fav european skater!
that "6 steps" is like 12 normal stairs, thats a 6 block haha.  people aren't just hitting that with finesse lmao
I had been looking forward to Season 3 for so long. I am looking at the time stamp and I stopped at 3:54...this show could be so much better. Burger fanatics don't care what random "celebrities" think...and I fucking love Tony Hawk...
tony hawk basically is up front that he hates onions and then he serves him three burgers with onion.
All Tony asked for was No onions and the first burger he get is with it
That last expensive "bun" is called birote in Mexico and it's one of the cheapest types of bread you can buy.
I feel like Alvin is a great cook but not a great host. His guests don't really have a ton of chemistry with him and he seems to always talk over them.
Food And Skate God together = 🔥
tony hawk you are a skateboard legend and icon but the buns on the 2nd burger look like tape worms
Tony Hawk is still a legend
Hey Tony!! We love seeing you swing by In-N-Out burger🍔🌴🍟 in beautiful Carlsbad CA this last week🌊, love to see some local representation! I'll make sure to cook you a rockin #2 NO ONIONS next time you come in!!  👌
Tony hawk is still popular?🤨🤔
How about getting binging with babish and creating a burger from an iconic shows/movies?
Are ya'll finished, or ya'll done? - Birdman
I thought the burger smashing was disrespectful but I liked the video.
No buddy has jumped a 50 stair
Tony such a role model, so smart and talented
Looks like u guys got a new dope slo-mo cam!!
Tony played it off so well Haha. Ate all the toppings he hates and still gave it credit
Tony Hawks Pro Burger Skater
bruhhhhh I just saw an ad of him cooking a burger that matches an emoji
this man flippin in real life, while u try to learn how to flip in skate 3
I love how he says he gets burgers with no onion, and all three had onions on them.
He said he didn't like onions and he was given onion multiple times. Also I didn't like all the forced skateboarding comparisons. He's talking about how good the burger is... so he makes it about skate shoes and compared them to Nike?

 They should have let Tony talk more instead of trying to relate to him.
Man take off the onions. He dont want it
I love Tony but that other dude is constantly talking about umami even when it does not make any sence
no burgers were harmed in the making of this video
You got a little ketchup on your skateboard.....
Tony Hawk is going to be the coolest Grandpa.
A few comments about this eipsode.
I feel like it was a bit of a failure lol.  I think the first two burgers were no good and Tony did not hold back from more or less saying so.
And what the heck are you on about with the shoe talk???  You just brought that up out of nowhere and when Tony turned your negative into a positive you were like oh yah yah.
lol cringy
Tony hawk lowkey still 20 on the inside
"no onions"
Plot twist: Alvin try skateboarding.
The intro killed so many borgers oh no
So basically he made 3 burgers that Tony really didn’t like all that much. Lol. The red onion burger  but he don’t like onions, the ramen burger where he said he’s waiting on a flavor that never comes . And the blue cheese burger which tony don’t like and had a onion paste on it lmao
Tony Hawks bears a striking resemblance to Bill Gates
Tony: I hate onions.
Burger Guy: Here's onions, with onion marmalade on onion bread.
dont play with food like that man, bread is sacred ...
Yessssss! The burger boss is baaaack!
14 Burgers were injured in the making of this film.
idk if segways are supposed to make that sound lol
I love The Burger Show except everything was bad with this episode except Tony Hawk. Respect the guest. Don't stray too far from what makes burgers great. Is George Motz available?
Man, Tony Hawk is 50....Time flies....
What a waste of burgers..
👇
Am I the only person for who Tony Hawk and Wayne Gretzky have been interchangeable their entire lives?
His name isn't Tony Hawk. It's Tony Goat. Get it straight! 😏
Yo for the last burger bun it's called pan bolillo
Why am I immediately just angry that he’s grinding on a bunch of burgers
0:44 lol only thing you're shredding is cheese burger boy lmao
I love how passionate Alvin is... If they were to every switch hosts I'd probably not watch
tony hawk pro skate 1 N 2 where some of my best childhood memories
Tonys a real genuine nice guy
Funny how the fathers burger its suppose to be a chef elite delite ultimate burger, and that bun is "pan bolillo" its the bread we use for tortas in mexico, that the cheapest bread you can get , its like 10 cents a piece, i bet that burger goes for a 100 dlls hahah.
Edit: aparrently the burger goes for 30 allegedly,  cant confirn but its true then the price is decent. Just hope it comes.with an order of gourment fries too.
Get JOJI AND RICH BRIAN ON HERE!
“I’m not a fan of onions” proceeds to slop onion jam on his burger LOL
This is pretty dope👌🤘
I stopped watching when y’all wasted 5 burgers....💔
killer footage!
TONY HAWK STILL HAS IT!!!!!!!!
Yall trippin. He put onions to stay true to the original recipe for the aesthetic shots. Im sure Tony said it was fine and he could take it out
Alvin sounds out of breath just from talking and constructing burgers man, sounds so uncomfortable to listen to
Is there a better video title that this one? Answer is,no
i get the bill gates skateboarding vibe
This could be a new game called the skateburger game
Why waste burgers?americans 🤦‍♂️
to all those who have said that tony hawk isn that good, hes over 50 and still better than you.
tony hawk is such a chill dude so awesome
Tony Hawk and Todd Howard have  the same voice
Tony Hawk is legendary
Gotta love the food being wasted here.
This amount of burger carnage isn't right, not a fan
ever heard of Nike SBs Lmao at this guy
“I usually have a cheeseburger without onions.”

Puts onions on the very first burger.
Generation X still out here shreddin’ 🤟🏾
It seemed like Tony was interviewing him.
You don't toast your buns fam? #toastedbunsgang
that intro was painful, burgers don't deserve that treatment
Waiting for the reveal that the Impossible Burger is actually human
Tony Hawk with that slick endorsement answer
That ramen 🍔 looks legit!
Who the hell thought it would be a good idea to open the show by destroying yummy burgers?  This show cannot stop misfiring.
This guy a legend!
Love Birdman, but this show was painful to watch. Just didn't work. But damn Tony is a humble dude.
dang his tail squashed that burger
Tito and Raymundo from Rocket Power?
i usually get a cheeseburger hold the onion. Puts onion on first burger
Tony was such a gentleman in this. Actively trying to add his own commentary and show his interest throughout without making it clear that he didn't really dig the burgers 🌰🌰🌰
I know the food festival hes talking about in NY referring to the ramen burger! Totally recommend to go their open only during spring/summertime right next to the science museum/citifield stadium. You get rounds and variety of diff food!
Great show as always. Never thought i would associate burgers with erudition but there you go.
Tony hawk is real asf he was 100% honest n didn’t sugar coat his opinions & why did you put onion when he clearly said he don’t like onions multiple times
I grew 80lbs from this videos and lost 60. Lol
the show would be just as good without wasting food
You basically just slapped a legend in the face with all the onion and blue cheese he clearly said he didn’t like..
YALL DISRESPECTED A LEGEND!!!
The transitions from burger talk to skate talk were jarring/nonexistent.
You didnt have to ruin those burgers for that opening. Im hungry yo
The man said NO ONIONS
TBH I don't know who the chef I wanna hang out with him and just eat a burgrr
I never thought Tony Hawk doing a board slide knocking off burgers from a ramp would make me even more hungry than I am right now 😂
Didn’t realize he was already 50... that’s kind of crazy
bro he said no onions lol
Mustard, ketchup, relish, & mayo. The Thousand Island dressing.
Summary of the US in the 90s
The new tony hawk skater game is looking good
I hope that every episode this season will be this special!
the 3rd one is banh mi
Alvin, can I be on your show? Im not famous or anything, just want to eat some tasty burguers. Cheers and respect man!
No onions!? But how is Tony gonna get his much needed vitamin C!?😵
I love how Tony Hawk just seemingly happens to have a refined palate for burgers! Most celebrity guests would just be like "MMMMM ermagaaah!"
bro u put onions in his burger when he said he didn't want any twice. no wonder all those burgers got murdered by his skateboard. XD
It's evident that Tony Hawk likes himself a classic cheeseburger.
3:27 Woah, wait, wait, what? This guy is a chef, but he's serving food that contains ingredients he doesn't know of?
I kept thinking of all those hungry people out there.
Hell Yes! Tony Hawk one of my earliest heroes. I'll take the #2 McDeez over most  but would love to try the Ramen burger.
I love you.. anything on green chile burger?
Lost me at veggie patties... Gained me at Tony Hawk being fifty..... Feed beef seaweed so we can get back to meat.
The show is bad, the host is bad, Tony Hawk is good. I'm glad I gave this thing another chance to find out it's still a complete mess.
Man I still cringe a little bit everytime i try to hear Alvin talk about skating. Or most people for that matter. I respect the attempt but it's always gonna sound corny. Like when white news reporters were trying to explain gangster rap when it first emerged.
50 years old...Imma go cry into my PS1 now
I love Provolone but everyone I've gotten to eat it say it's too strong... Then they go and eat stronger cheeses...
Sorry, cant like this. Wasting food, making ramen burguers, throwing onions on a person that clearly says NO ONIONS!
Love Tony Hawk tho.
oh shit they're in vista? imma visit rn since I'm there rn lol
Tony Hawk looks like he could run Microsoft
those burgers were worth the grind
No food was wasted in the making of this video.
This guy is obviously a good chef but he's not a very good host. He needs to spend some time developing his interview skills, especially in building rapport. Several times he agreed with Tony and then said something completely the opposite? Weird.
That's the cook from the ad. Why you gotta be wasting those good burgers 😀
Tony H, is the best food person because he is HONEST!   Do a food show, for people like me who are very picky and love food!
Suhhhh!!! Wicked dud!!
STOP SMUSHING THE BURGERS 
GAH
This host is dying of a heart attack any day now.
Tony: "I don't like onions or bleu cheese". Producers: "let's make sure to have these ingredients in 2 of the 3 burgers cooked".
what about the original Connecticut burger
Hes sounds like steve-o now lol
I think tony is immortal 🤨
I like it better when you visit famous burger joints.
Executive producer Chris Schonberger
NO RED ONIONS DAMMIT, THE MAN DOESN'T WANT ONIONS.
YO, RIGHT BEFORE I WATCHED THIS, IT PLAYED AN AD WITH THE SAME CHEF
So hipster sumo guy made a burger? Congratulations...........
The presenter has the most boring voice
Tony: “next time i definitely would order without onions”
Burger dude “AlRiGht Now wEre Gonna AdD ThiS ONION MARMALADE “ 
Tony: takes literally the smallest bite ever     “Uh it gud”
Tony hawk is an awesome guy
Tony: "I always get no onions, not a fan of onions. If I see blue cheese on a menu, not a chance."
Alvin: "Huh? Oh yeah? Oh man. Alright Tony we gotchu raw red onions, scallions, oNiOn MaRmAlAdE, and blue cheese for these burgers whatchu think bro."
Meanwhile tony literally picking the onions out @ 5:30 - 5:35 LMFAO
This dude had been skating for 38 years...
Damn, Tony Hawk is in great shape for his age. Is skateboarding the fountain of youth?
tony: no onions
calvin: puts onions on every burger
HE SAID NO ONIONS!
Tony the Lion.. Legend
"I usually get a cheeseburger with no onion. Chef puts two onions on the burger.
talked with tony at SAN airport in 2013, such a nice guy even after our long flight from south america
I seen an ad of that chef before this vid
Please tell me roger bagley filmed this
Man the red camera is amazing.
The pizza show did it better.. litteraly every single episode feels cringy
The impossible burger is not lab grown meat.
Give that man a regular burger.
That chef got some mad cooking skills
I got an ad of the chef before watching the video
I like how Tony repeatedly hinted towards not liking onions, yet almost every burger had them. Also did you notice how Tony seemed like he liked a regular burger over all of these. Like none of them was he like Oh this is my goto now. He was more like It's good but it's missing this, or it's a game changer, but I was expecting something that didn't come. And last but not least. This levels the playing field, not tips it over.
Tony Hawk the G.O.A.T
Damn seeing gray in tonys hair kinda makes me feel old
Is that Impossible Burger Patty Version 01 or Version 02? Supposedly V02 shouldn't fall apart as much as V01.
Great production here folks! Super cool.
Burgers and Tony hawk. Already has my like
Tony Hawk is timeless
Im pretty sure tony hawk said he doesnt like onions on his burgers and literally every burger had onion on it. Come on man.
But the chef doesn't NEED anymore burgers
I could hear the impossible burger impossibly screaming....
Quite frankly he is not impressed with the burgers...
Sudah 50 tahun 😂,character kesukaan waktu main game skateboard jaman sd
In n Out the California special
Props on the cheeseburger board grind. One of those video ideas that this couldn't be without.
Damn Tony Hawk’s 50 feels like yesterday when he was in his 20’s time flying
Why does Alvin look like Russell from UP? 😂
Tony hawk calls it a hoagie and not a sub. East coast respect.
Tony hawk was nottttt impressed
Manny from Modern Family, is that you bruh?
I swear this dude knows nothing about cooking. I don't care how many eggsluts you started, acts conceited like he knows everything and then he just talks random bullshit gibberish to try to sound like he knows what he's doing.
careful for what you eat, man... you're on your 50, better get rid of those cholesterol 😂
Old guys gonna break his hip
It's a Vietnamese roll lmao, not a mini baguette
0:03 The last thing you want to see on your Burger King burgers is someone's foot fungus.
This ain’t a good episode, so many flaws. Very cringe
He likes chicken nuggets and fries lol
i love how the dude that physically looks like a burger tries to look cool next to Tony Hawk. I mean, no one is the cool one in the presence of Tony, he is, always.
I am in my early 30s and my dad is about Tony hawk’s age. My dad is is in pretty damm good shape, but I can’t even imagine him doing the stuff Tony does. Tony is a legend. Also Tony Hawk N64 will never go out of style.
Burgers and the birdman hell yeah
bruh i got a ad before this with that chef in it. i cant be the only one
5 second rule
Tony removing the onion at 5:30 - a man after my heart
so here i am, doing everything i can

holding on to what i am

pretending im the superman
minute 9:45 
the bread is a Bolillo, mexican bread
he said no onion like 10 times and every single burger had some form of onion
I used to like Tony Hawk until I saw his racist tweets
hahaha this show could be 1000x better if Matty Matheson was the host JUST SAYING HAHAHAHA I would never miss an episode that's a FACT hahaha
Disliked due to burger massacre in the intro
Shouts out to THUG 2
This guy was one step behind from the very beginning.
0:15 I literally just saw that burger on the ad before this 😂 about a chef looking for inspiration and all and swiped past that on insta or somethin
damn that was cringy as hell
As a person living off of ramen and scraps it hurt so much 2 see you waste burgers for your opening
Some poor homeless people would have ate them burgers 🍔
Tony's not impressed.
YOU WENT TO MY SCHOOL
wtf f man, have respect for food.
This is a good way yo bite your tongue
Waste of perfectly good burgers.
too much oil everywhere
Tony Hawks the man
There was some serious burger abuse going on in this vid...
I really wish there was a skateboarding game about him
The cook is who I came for
That’s last burger’s bun is called a bolillo from Mexico
what was the gain from ending harmless burgers?
You can't make three burgers and have arugula in 2/3 of them, like honestly what's wrong with you?
Destroying all those uneaten burgers was in bad taste.
It hurts my heart seeing all of those burgers destroyed though
I first thought this format is stolen of "Hot Ones" then I realize that it's the same channel lol
Sorry but Alvin can (sometimes) just be insensitive
maaaan, just thinking about all those burgers crushed , so sad, could eat alla'em :'c
love the show, but alvin is getting hard to look at.
Whoa. High speed camera is a friend to both shredding AND burgers!
The shots in this video are incredible
This show stinks.
I don't think Mr. Hawk digs onions...
Tony hawk says “I order with no onions”

proceeds to put onions on the burgers

Like cmon FWF y’all are just disrespectful to the man. Who cares if you think onions should be on the burger for flavor profile or whatever. Just poor hosting. Kinda ruined the vibe of the video imo.
Has anybody realised that Tony hawk is basically just Peter B parker ,from into the spider verse.
I have the RC Tony hawk on his board they showed in this video is that rare or something?
stop saying umami
here we are when pro skater tony hawk interviews a man who loves burgers, Thanks tony
I swear I just had an advert with that chef in it right before this video bruh
Tony Hawk should go into politics... The whole time you could tell he wanted to scream how dumb are you to the dude. And fat Asian dude just kept rambling on oblivious to his surroundings or the person he was cooking for. stick to being an eggslut this was painful.
Burgers looked amazing, show kinda sucked
I did not like that opening shot! Such a waste of perfectly edible food.
ONIONS
I don't think Tony likes arugula
Don't forget kiddies, no meat today, it's Friday. Lent is still in full effect.
C'mon man, how are you not going to cook this man a classic burger after making him eat so many onions
98% of the comments are about onion. Even this lol
Holy shit i still got that Tony Hawk RC toy at 2:17
Wasting food🤦‍♂️
Bloody Legend
Please please please get a new host i worry about this mans health each time i see him
damn tony got old
Respect the food. Do not waste it.
This Legend is 50 and skates like a 20yo no cap
That's a torta roll bro
The burgers in the beginning tho
He said “still trying to be a pro skater” man is the worlds most known skater
1st world problems 😂😂
So you made burgers so tony can grind on them lol 🤦🏻‍♂️
The first few seconds in... What . the hell are you wasting FOOD?
So he skates iconic burgers?
Im sure a big boy pro skater could of said 'hey no onions' if he really did not want them. It is your choice if you choose to accept what someone gives you.
Those are some pretty tasty looking berders...
when does tony hawk actually speak , jeezus what's next the hotdog show fast food doesnt need this much explanation
Tony is the man.
the man put his own ad on his own video
He said no onions
Anyone else get a ad for his yt channel before watching this video thinking it was the video
1:49 can someone explain what the point of that was?
I love the impossible burger
12:28 am and i want a burger
He sounded like he was out of breath just talking. This is really sad to watch. Couldn't finish the video, man.
That burger killing intro is straight up heresy
The last one is just basically a fancy torta
Is it just me or does Tony Hawk look like Bill Gates illegitimate son?
"You dont like onions?  Heres a burger with them 5 minutes after talking about it! "
I tried the veggie burger at Carl's Jr and I really hoped to like it but it almost made me vomit. The smell first was not right but after forcing half the burger my stomach wanted it out.
Awesome episode...
The dude just said he doesn't like onions, so you made 2 burgers with onions...
the last "burger" is a god damn Torta... meat on bolillo
just make Shawn Evans the host
3:10 did this guy just compare Tony Hawk with some random ass burgers?
Every Mexican knows that the bread at 9:44 is Bolillo a Mexican bread used to make Tortas.....hence, I deduce that the Father's Office burger is a Torta. Case closed.
Tony looks great at 50
Make a new game please
glad to know tony hawk's mcdonald's order is the same as my mcdonald's order
Stole the 900.... never forget
I didn't notice the onion pheonomenon while watching but after reading these comments I wonder if I missed a scene where they dunk Tony Hawk in a tank full of minced onions as he screams about hating onions. I wish they would have.
getting me that 50 stair clips in those game cangin nikes
My favorite fist we feast show
Next episode should be about wagu hamburger's
We need footage of them eating the destroyed burgers
Okay but they didn't have to go that hard... These shots are incredible!  They went all out
No burgers were harmed in the making of this video.
watching this makes me angry
Soft bake pretzel bun....
Lol I clicked like just for the commercial before the video.
Literally said he didn't like onions on his burgers and then o boy go straight to the onions man how you supposed to be a good chef when you can't even cook to your client or diner's instructions literally one of my biggest pet peeves it's not that difficult I mean he literally said he didn't fuck with the onions right before lmao how does this work hahahah
Good Video Intro made me cringe though
Age is just a number...
"see it looks like little pieces of fat. I dont know what that is..."

Just what you want to hear before you eat a burger...
No Burgers Were Hurt On Shooting This Show
Up here in Africa, feeling my heart ache for all those burgers that are being destroyed😢
hmm, I'm not sure about the guest interaction on this show. Tony (other than skating in some b-roll) kinda just stands there as the chef talks about the burgers. It's not really an interview, just a taste test with a guest. I'll just stick to watch people burn their mouths on Hot Ones.
This was really stretched out.  Could have been like an 8 minute episode.  If content is awkward just cut it out.  I cringed at least 3 times.
Is there truly a difference between a hamburger, a pizza and a sandwich?
Tony seems like a down to earth guy
ONIONGATE IS NOT A HOAX
not sure what the intended effect was for that first shot...
Starting by wasting food is not very entertaining
Alvin Cailan is cringe in human form. Just so corny
He cooks with too much oil for me. I hope he’s using healthy oils
Blatantly obvious Tony does not like any of these burgers lol.
stop wasting food
why does he sound like a chad still at 50 yrs old
The whole burger-skate action broke the cringe-o-meter
What do you want to do when you grow up?

Me:
I will never get to eat a burger with Tony Hawk. Why live? :(
Una torta ??? Es una torta........
Never heard of a ramen burger. This guy is a little too much.
wasting food uncool bro
That's a bollilo
He still on a skateboard at 50, WTF? He gonna break bones
Do your research Alvin, It's called a Bolillo....and how's your Slop-Shuvit
I feel like this is a show I’ve always wanted to watch and have been waiting for my whole life but never knew I did until right now.
9:49 that's a torta...
Their breathes must stink after those onions that Tony clearly did not want.
Love seeing Tony Hawk in my hometown, love y’all
Tony Hawk + Burgers = Tony Hawk's Pro Burgers 6
Is there even a skateboard hallfame.
the beyond burger is not a burger, please don't call it that, it's a veggie disc
burger one needed more meat
Tony Hawk is still alive?
Tony hawk is hating these burgers cause of the onions lol
wasting food.. really
Should've had him on Hot Ones instead.
Tony is a legend been watching him skate since I was a kid, so when Tony says no onions he gets no onions.
Tony: "I eat cheeseburgers, no onions"

2 sec later
This absolute dude put onions on his burger
dislike solemnly for playing with food
hearing this chef guy say anything about skating makes me cringe
Did anyone notice the fresh sexy grip tape?
The first few seconds of this video is pure disrespect
I wouldn't want that guy to be touching my hamburger bare-handed 🤣😬
It’s a bolillo 😤
Shout to my hometown Vista. I actually ran into Tony once at a local pancake house. He was having breakfast with his grandma.
where can I buy the onion marmalade? would love to get some!
This show is going to be amazing! Now I want to try that ramen burger.
This aint iron man!
Thats not a burguer, its a TORTA! (#3)
I did it for the segway
2:16 i remember that rc skate board
Shoulda said "tony hawk shreds iconic burgers" missed opp
Glad to see Tony finally showing his age and proving he is not immortal just like the rest of us pitiful humans
I desperately wanted to see Alvin try the half pipe.
So weird trying to relate this to skating
The man from ps 1
Beginning shots:

Man flipping burger in slo mo
Man flipping himself on a skateboard in slo mo
Hell yeah burgers are a universal thing
Skate fast and eat... burgers?
so happy this show is back
Half the Worlds starvin and look at them smash em burgers with the skateboard. Still love this show.
Love how he tried to justify a reasonable reason for Tony Hawk being on the show other than that it is Toby bloody Hawk
AMERICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
That opening shot could’ve fed me for a week.
How bored is this legend?
I like the sticky rice burger, so I should try to replicate the ramen one.
Tony Hawk is 50... what??
RIP THOSE BURGERS!
Surprised the host is still alive. Great to see!
Please do not waste food. I'm begging you.
why would you waste so many burgers man?? its kinda sad, its meat bro treat it with respect
bit of a sell out tho
WTF...why would you do that? 0:00-0:10
The day that Tony Hawk can't ride is the day that my youth will die!
Editing is trash
So many burgers wasted RIP to all the burgers been wasted
i cant believe tony hawk is like 50 i played the tony hawk games when i was like 5 back in 2001 o.O
quality content
All of those wasted burgers is giving me anxiety
was 00:02 necessary
What a great guy Tony is.
What a legend!
This dudes facial hair offends me
smellier tv
The habit burger rules
he's 50 but i feel like i could sit next to him in college and not be able to tell lmao
He sounds like steve-o
The host clearly has been sampling too much of what he makes.
0:01 just why
THE BIRDMAN meets THE BURGMAN.
Is anyobe wondering why he's destroying hamburgers with a skateboard
F in chat for burgers
Tonys opinion on the burgers are so real
First We Waste
This dude seems passionate about his burgers n I like it
Burgers are good
i didn't expect to see Birdman here, but i feel the love....even that switch body jar to patty-smash, and front feeble to meat is murder looked like a THPS4 challenge.
I wanna beat this dude up, tony I respect you and everything but you just ruined so many burgers and I don’t respect you
hamburger abuse
way too much oil lol
& still shredding
As a kid I fell in love with all things skateboarding and bmx in the late 90s I was a kid flipping channels and the xgames were on and I never seen anything like that. I saw Bob Burnquiest(spelling?) and Matt Hoffman but the thing I remember the most was seeing Tony hawk for the first in my life. He was attempting the 900 and it was so cool after that me and my brother got bmx bikes skateboards rollerblades scooters and Tony hawks video game as well as Dave mirras. I miss those days but man  it’s cool seeing Tony still doing what he loves
I coulda sworn bruh died
I like the damascus knife man...whooo!
Don't disrespect food like that
Tony Hawk gonna get chased by burgers in his nightmares later after trashing so many.
its stair set, not staircase you damn foo
Where to buy the Ramen sauce?
I just I got an add about the burger dude in the vid who made burgers
So glad it's back!
Амерекосы сасите
Dang that man is 50 and is still a beast
damn check out the gobbler on tubby over there
He kinda looks like Bill Gates now that he's old
Tony doesn’t care about burgers
why the burgers were trampled by the skate? :'(
Poor Tony he ain't feeling that burgers
He messed up by not toasting those buns
What a waste of burgers
That was MOMENTOUS
Omg before I watched this video I got his ad
I thought he was going to zoom by and snatch one of the burgers that sat on the edge and I was like oh god please don’t.
Tony Burguer
The last bun looks exactly like Mexican bolillo, and it looks awesome
Look at Paul Blart
What kind of knives are you using?
Wtf my mom told me this dude was dead like 6 yrs ago
Destroying so much food for what? Disliked your video for the first time
this is just another onion comment
Tony Hawk doesn't like onions.... The 90's kid in me is destroyed... never meet your heroes...
Legends
I’ma just leave this here:




 💯😤🔥
Bring on the HODAD burger!
Dude’s huge wow
Wasn't necessary to waste those burgers
worst skate questions
Who else remembers Tony Hawk's Pro Skater game?
Why are you wasting so much food for nothing?
I cried when he hurt those poor little borgers with his board
Humans have to eat meat, we don't need alot but we need it. Vegans are rarely healthy and many i know often cheat eat meat thus creat the illusion of veganism being healthy.
I wish I was tony hawk
More like Tony Rocks
hOw AboUt In N OuT
This chef’s ego is so big, he didn’t even listen to what tony said about ingredients he hates.
Tony hasn't aged at all
Stunt intro burgers were not harmed.
Haha (tony ) no onions (burger man) putting red onion on it haha
I don’t think nike shoes are a good comparison because they use sweatshops and cash out every chance they get whereas theses ingredients and the chefs behind them are truly top tier
I dont like the way he hosts. I like the burgers though
I loved the vid but i seriously hope someone ate the burgers that were destroyed.... seems a waste just to get a clip
That thumbnail is a crime against my eyes
those were some nice camera shots!
please never say "lets shred" again. Thanks
Well, Tony straight son'd this show, with no apologies....
it was really rude of tony to destroy all that mans burgers
Nike SBs have been out for a min lol
bmx riders and skaters never loose theyre skill to shred
"I order without onions" <-- multiple times TH says this.  Cook puts on onions because he can't understand basic instructions and his crew doesn't say anything either.  Just a #fail
Low key disliking this video cause they called a bolio(the office dad bread) a baguette and a hoagie
The burger tho... damn homie
Tony Hawk shreds those burgers to pieces   😁
He said no onions...you put onions...
Wasting too much food. I know there’re  actually people who suffer from hungers and they really need that food to survive.
This dude still alive?
I like watching The Burger Show because you can clearly tell Alvin the host has a passion for burgers. However I cannot help but feel that the shots of those burgers being wasted were unnecessary and contradict this channel's passion for food.
Why do they say broke the internet for things nobody cared about???
What's with the burgers on the vert?  😂
says no onions...cooks him onions lol
Who else got the simple mobile burger ad before this
Tony really look like bill gates
I wouldn't let this dude make my food honestly
this make me hungry
4:25 now that's a pro flip.
DIdn't bother watching after I saw those burgers wasted tbh. Not cool
I need you at my cookout
Stopwastingfoodidiot
"Umami umami umami"
Honestly, when I first saw the cook I did not expect him to speak, I thought he would make like ogre noises or squeal
bro..please lose some weight and get healthier. Not looking well in this video. I use to weigh 370lbs and now I am down to 205...you can still enjoy food but in moderation.
WHERES THE CROSS SECTION
Can we PLEASE all comment separately about Oniongate? No more replies. Only separate comments.
I wanna see randy from trailer park boys on here lmao
he's so sound
0:36 ramen burger?
He’s still alive?
Anyone else get a Simple Mobile ad with Alvin in it before this video?!
so what's the point of wrecking all that food in the beginning?
Umami here umami there umami every where
Thumbs up for TONY, being real and a........
alot of burgers wasted
A vegan swearing by a vegan burger......
alvin almost stuck in that halfpipe nig'
Alvin was so out of breath trying to describe that last burger it was kinda scary.
I'll still eat those burgers
Where can you get the Ramen Burger Sauce?
no respect for food
he talks like a skater. i love it.
PLease answer me. When are you gonna have Brendon urie on the show?
Who just came here after watching an ad of this
That bread is Mexican Bolio...the chef acting like it's some mysterious unknown bread.
I am very hungry now
great show!
Malnourished children: we're hungry
These guys: skating on them burgers
This the same place where he filmed his Slow mo guys appearance??
The ad I saw in the beginning was this dude
Is that a kitchen knife Damascus steel
Gotta give thumbs down for the waste of the food 😡
Is there an umami thing going on with the Impossible Burger? Not sure if it was mentioned at all.
Can u do a gordan ramsey skateboarding video like this tony hawk one?
The name of the last bread is bolillo and it could be found in any Mexicana bakery
Yea the host did suck lol
Of course the cook took the first bite
This dude should really shave that “beard” it really bothers me , it looks dirty.
The last one ks basically a torta
Trows up afterward
Waste
Damn first 5 seconds they waste more food than i can afford anf im sitting here on an empty stomach.........
Host needs to eat more impossible burgers... He needs to cut weight or he'll be dead in five years... He's gotten so much heavier than last season...
Come on this is getting out of hand.
Says he doesn’t like burgers with onions. So the guy makes him a burger with onions...
That opening was a real insult to cows...
He disrepec the burg
2 minutes in before any real content?
Why did you put onion in his burger? If the man says that he doesn’t like onions then dont put onions in it.
I wonder if Gordon Ramsey would ever consider being on the Burger Show. I can see him bitching Alvin out and cooking his version of burgers.
HE SAID NO ONIONS WTF DONT YOU GET
No onions !!!! Oh nevermind lol
Delicious burgers (I guess^^), for such a talented athlete. New to the channel, and I will come again! (maybe to learn how to cook burgers for my boyfriend hihihi)
Why do most white People hate onions 😂😂😂
The legend himself
at 10:10 he said:  "We're going beyond the 2 oz. patty".  What does that mean?  Who has ever made a 2 oz. burger?
50 YEARS OLD!!!!
I feel like Tony hawk could make a better burger than this guy
get Clint Eastwood in the hot ones
How many burgers had to give their lives to make this video. Lol. Now I'm hungry.
and here i am starving in my bedroom
Can he do a 360 rodeo dog?
This channel is simply about wasting food. Smh
Wears no gloves
All the onion comments... lmao
How old ist this legend again
The oval  bread looks like a bolio to me
This guy puts pickles on the burger with tweezers, and yet DOESN'T TOAST THE BUN!!!!!!!! Bruh!!!!!!!
My real name is Alvin and it's weird seeing all these comments with the name alvin in them because I literally never see anyone say alvin unless it's my friends
Chef is pretty hot 🐻😍
8:26 bruh
Wasting food like that is absolutely unacceptable, what a waste for such a shallow purpose. Most disappointing episode so far, fame got to their heads. Tony deserved more from first we feast
Baguette que mamada eso es un bolillo
I can dig this
9:45 this is literally not a burger, this is a torta. thats literally bolillo
Alvin: Thousand Island is like the sauce of California
Me: Screams in NY
Degenerates. Both of them.
Every single burger looked disgusting...bad choices all the way.. Y'all stilo got my view tho 😆
Wth i got an ad for this video for him?
Can you cook me burgers? I'll pay you!
Never waste food.
Cunts stop wasting food for style shots.
Can y’all not waste food please lmao
He looks like Bill Gates
Did he just make a burger with a bolillo?
it sucks that the impossible burger is one of the only vegan burgers that isn't a processed soy mess
Lol the host’s existence and the amount of food being wasted in this is an insult to all the starving people in the world.
Wasting food while there's starving ppl
Burbur
He sure looks old now
1:21 he looks like Matt Watson when he does that face
Why don't you use gloves? That's a health code violation which encourages people to inadvertently spread viruses. Besides that great showmanship.
Thats not a hoogie thats a Bolillo
Soo much food is wasted
Never trust a skinny chef
Im not tripping off Alvin serving burgers with onions, he's serving iconic burger recipes and not catering specifically for Tony, however Alvin still interrupts his guests waaaaaaaaaay too much.
Oh you hate onions well here's a thick slice of red onion.
Tony is a legend.  But there ain't a damn thing he can do on a board that other pro vert skaters can't do. Dont disrespect our sport . Its forever advancing and not giving skaters credit where its due because  of the pioneers of the sport is not right . Js  .. not a good opening statement.. rubs off the wrong way to people who actually skate & keep up with the sport at all .
It's like they tried to copy the pizza show with this series and honestly it's failed.
He said twice that he always asks for cheeseburgues with no onion. 5:10 He puts onion on it
WHATABURGER HAS THE BEST BURGERS IN THE WORLD!!!!
You lost weight?
I am hungry
Where are the Iconic burgers? These are some weird burgers from istagram trending wtf. Dont treat legend like this.
Disrespectful to the burgers
That’s last one was not a burger lol it’s a torta lol That’s pan bolio mexican guy up on that bread 🥖 local bakery in Cali
That bun is a bolillo
Q desperdisio
Damn thats some pretty shredded cheese
Now this.... is some food.
Bring back the People Under the Stairs closing music!!!! Please!
Can we get tony hawk on hot ones?
It's weird that he knows what he's talking about
Culinary tweezers are snobby. No reason for them on these.
Don’t waste good dude!
Hope they swept up that salt
Bilo koja Pljeska iz Srbije je bolja od svih ovih burgera. :D
thats a bolillo
Can anyone tell me what "Tony can do that no other skater in the world can"?, as was claimed in this video? 
...because I've been obsessed with skating and Tony for about 30 years now and I can't think of anything. 
     The 900 was done by a upcoming vert skater less than 4 years after Tony landed it, and has since been exceeded. 
 Is it even possible for ANY media platform get ANYTHING in regards to skating right?...ever?
EVIL EYE WILL FALL
0:02 what a waste.
Stop saying umami
Since when does ground beef bleed?
Bolillo Bread burger hmmm
Man I got a little flustered at all those smashed burgers
On the phone "Yeah so, this time we're gonna get you to eat hamburgers while you do your skate thing"
Stop wasting food man
He was holding the burger in the beginning so he could not grab it
Theres nothing Tony Hawk can do on a skateboard that no one in the World Else can, just a small corection
yummy.
I dont wanna see people eat S H I TT Y burgers. I came here for the wings. Put  Vsauce in there.
Did anyone just get tha ad
Damn, I want burgers now.
Does anyone know where I can get or buy that onion marmalade ?
wast of food
The third bun is a bolillo
The burgers looks so good
1:24 the big boy refused to let go of his burger
I’m so hungry I’d still eat those burgers in the 1st clip like they’re still fresh
waste... i can eat that all
People are always trying to be cute and “innovate” the humble hamburger, but nothing comes close to the classic. These days people are over-complicating the hell out of it and it’s never as good.
Never trust a skinny chef.
Does anyone know the name of the sauce from the ramen burger?

Bonus points if you know where to buy it?
I'm not sure what the point was to just ruin all that food like that. :/
I thought tony hawk died tho?
No burgers were harmed in this video
Can you have Furious Pete on?  hes famous enough right?  hes has 5m subscribers just like you..   he goes for quantity over quality?  maybe you can give him a goodburger can I take your order?
First thing Hawk said was no onions... lol.  This clown is cutting onions.
Tony Hawks today does not look like 50 to me he looks like he’s in his 30s to mid 30s
why smith grind burgers?
I could have ate that burger damn
Good food waste my dude
HAMBURGER
the bread is a Bolio. its a latino sandwich bread used to make tortas.
laying here hungry watching all these burgers get wasted
but african kids
People in
🍔
People who use the word umami make me cringe...
Ramen Burger. Must. Try. It.
What
Nothing irritates me more when someone clearly isnt listening to their guest....seriously, I know I'm not the only one to say this but come on guys, you can do better.
This show's a bit of a joke.
The burger abuse is real
a hamburger with a Bolillo!  i'm down. basically an American style torta.
No onion no bueno.
Lot of food wasted in this video
MOMENTUS
They need to bottle Tony’s blood.
The last one was a fancy mexican torta
I hate onions also 😴
Kids starving in Africa-this video's intro scene
Starving children in Africa could have eaten that skate board 😥😥
Dislike for the intro
Is it the burger show? Or the burger funeral
Don't waste food
Can’t believe he’s 50
The host needs to lose some weight man
Wastage of food.
Says he doesnt eat onions on burgers

Puts an onion on his burger
No onions? Are you s...? Did he just... ? I'm sorry I can't... I just can't...
760 gang
So much wasted food. Tony is still cool though.
gai
no one were harmed during this video......exept a couple burgers
2:00 whats the songs name? Please tell me!
this is so pointless and boring only good part is tony politely dissing the burgers
Wasted food... not cool
10:33 I hate onions and blue cheese... 10:52 And too top it off, onions
Why are people playing with food we should be glad we could eat left and right. But i'm glad we get to see tony on screen again.
Yeah.... But why?
Thought it was a bit awkward. They had no chem.
God what a waist of food
He's 50 , man he looks terrible
amazing how effortless it is for Americans to waste food. ridiculous.
HE SAID NO ONIONS BOI.
Dont waste food
New host...new concept. Seriously FWF hit me up....I have burger taxonomy and purism dialed in. This content is straight up bad...
Any other mexicans out there that laughed when he called the bolillo a "crazy bun". They sell those here for literally one US penny a piece...  hahaha
Why waste food like this
Its a sin to waste food
It’s called a Bolillo.
oh come on don't destroy food
It hurt me to see all those burgers get destroyed when I’m laying in bed hungry af
I mean... why wasting, WASTING, so many burgers just to get cool shots??? Damn..
That bread is a bolillo a Mexican form of a baguette
What a waste of burgers in the intro ffs
Stop wasting food
Tony is such a good sport, why do they make him waste food by smashing it on his own ramp. Give those burgers to homeless people. Furthermore, why do you make this guy eat so many onions. So unflexible. Finally, why does this skate legend have to bear these stupid questions. You can definitely tell that the host knows nothing about Skate culture and did 0 research on it. Very poor
0:03 Africans have entered the chat
Wasting food
who thought skating over burgers would be cool to put in slow mo, lamest thing I've ever seen and a waste of food
What's the title of the song at 1:00 ??
How to throw away food, thumbs up!
First scene pissed me off. I hate waste.
The sacrifices we make........
who?
The bun for the father's office burger looked like a Spanish bolillo and it is like a tiny baguette that had a bread loaf baby
Bad into ppl are starving in Africa
He said no onions!
Nice looking food however (not trying to be mean) he needs to lose some weight because being overwieght like that will cause a lot of health risks and complications down the line.
Wth did anyone else get a ad before this video about that chinese guy cooking the burgers? Coincidence?
I love Hot Ones, but I'm glad this channel offers more content than that show alone. And now I want all da burgers!! 🍔🍔🍔
I'm sorry but I couldn't stand the chef.  Ramen burgers are still a thing? and a banh mi (Vietnamese sandwich) practically.  And what's up with all the onions man. Clearly Tony said no onions.
Cool video thank you.
unsubbed I really couldn't watch this. The man politely reinforces no onions... Onions everywhere. Hate it. Gonna go bust out pro skater and have some snacks with my buds. I'm out.
Am i the only person that dislikes the host but likes the show???
put Indomie as a bun on ramen burger. it puts the burger to another level
I know that some chefs get big headed about what they top the things they make. But when you have someone, doesn't even have to be someone as legend as Tony Hawk, tell you they eat all burgers with no onions, you DO NOT put onions on what you are serving them. it wasn't even really about the taste, it is known that as people get older, things like onions don't sit well in peoples digestion. shame on the chef.
Do they not know that’s a Bolio
Waste of food. Do better please
Mouth fatigue
Smith into those burgers
The thousand island dressing is Canadien, & it sucks.
Dammmnnn 50 still shredding it
Look up Zombie Burger. Way better than that stuff.
Great burger at 13:06!
What is the brand of knife he is using?
I sense tony doesn't like anything about this guy nor his crappy shiddy burgers
I wonder how hard was it for the chef not to eat those burgers while giving them to tony ..
That thumbnail looks disgusting af
The chef is gross and he makes food look basic. Wouldn’t call him a chef.
Kids in Africa couldn’t eaten that half pipe.
He didn’t want to say it because the noodles burger sucks
Wtf is the point of this vid
Jamie Tomas
Also please stop interrupting your guests. They have to accommodate YOU when it should be the other way around. You can tell that the host is really trying to feel “approved of” by the guests and is over talking, but come on guys.
as kids starve
Please tell me it was all Stunt-burgers that was harmed for all those takes.
I feel really bad for Tony Hawk. He is indirectly telling him that he doesn't want onions on his burger but then the chef puts a shit ton of onions on the burgers.  Lmao I think that Tony didn't want to be rude so he said that they were good.
Middle of the night and I’m starving and lazy to cook, had pop tarts
THAT'S A TORTA BUN, PENDEJO.
That “football shape bun” is a Mexican bolillo.
Www.google.com
Africa has left the chat
your weight is offensive
Did they need to destroy those burgers?
So many wasted burgers. I mean, an animal did die.
I .. i don't get it, why waste burgers? 😐
1:33 what is that music ?
So no gloves?? 🤢🤢
I don’t like that this chef puts his food to waste.
stop being fake n be very2 honest!! thar ramen burger is not good at all
The thumbnail looks very disgusting it looks like worms on a burger
Why u had to waste all these burgers?
Lol the only thing tubby is shredding is a block of cheese
That bread is a Mexican Bolillo
I agree that ot was rude to include the onions. However, anyone who doesnt like onions is a no palette having little bitch and should get to try such amazing burgers that are just going to go over their heads
Why does Tony look like a dollar store Bill Gates?
The begging what a waste
I wanna see a first we feast video where they don't waste even a single bite of food.
Whats the song name
whaaaat no 4k?
00:01-00:10 Millions hunger African crying watching this
I thought Tony Hawk was dead........ I’m sorry but it’s true
the burgers that were wasted better be fake/gone bad
borgur
Kids in africa could have eaten that skateboard.
The burgers are paid actors
R.I.P To all the poor starved Africans in need......
I love Tony hawk and the host seems likeable but I disliked the video because of how many burgers you pointless smashed and destroyed. Extremely thoughtless and disrespectful
alvin seriously lose weight, your gonna die if you continue
Why hurt all these burgers?
What a waste of food. Guess you can do that when you're rich.
My question is why isn’t skinny boi over where isn’t eating the damn burgers
Jesus Alvin try to lose some weight mate.
wheres all the lames that's gonna talk about those starving african kids
that noodle burger is so disgusting
This is the most absurd, pointless waste of food I have ever seen. Tony Hawk cool af but did you have to do these many burgers dirty like that?
Why the waste of burgers though?
It isn't burger, if there is no beef. All else is a sandwich. Hamburg steak is ground beef.
I’m sorry but what trick can tony hawk do at 50 that any pro vert skater today can’t?
This is like a plot for a cartoon, that would be good for a season, then suck
Seriously man, the waste of good meat for pretty shot is just a crime. Please stop doing that.
This guy needs to stop eating right now or he is gonna kill himself
Ramen 🍜 doodle burger
Why so much waste of food ?...
What a waste of food. White people seriously need to waste less food.
Lol I don't like onions and blue cheese too wtf bro
Who else got pissed that they made so many burgers to just not eat them
sorry this was really boring...
Disrespecting food in intro. Dislike.
People that disliked mad because you didn't eat those burgers! 🙄
That last bread looks like a Mexican " bolillo "
Theres people starving, and we over here doing sick moves on burgers. Welcome to the United states!
i can hear my mom saying “thats a waste of food, there are starving children in....”
Am i the only one who thought he'd skate while eating burgers? The thumbnail totally sold it that way
Tony hawk. Probably my first idol <3
Damn.... wasted burgers, tony hawk gets fed more onions in one show than he has ever eaten out of free will... and 3 of the most shit burgers I’ve seen on a long time...

This show used to be a lot better.... not great or anything.... just better.
lose some weight
Confirmed host eats so many burgers everyday he can't even find the time to shave properly
Cool video but please don't waste food, its just pointless
nobody likes to see food being mistreated like that except if it was by an egg man @howtobasic
Dislike for that first clip. Wastefullness is disgusting
This host guy is just so annoying can you please find someone who doesn’t force his guests to eat things they clearly don’t want?
Those looked disgusting
Alvin has to watch his health and lose some weight...
Trash host. Can’t lie
Bring eminem on hot ones
Boring episode😥
He's destroying burgers with his skateboard while in Africa there are starving kids out there
Boring host poor Tony
What a waste of food
,
Very nise
The host is disgusting
His analogies are awful.
The advert before the video was simplemobile starring Alvin 👌🏼😂
Tony still rockin vert.  Guy is a legend...
Hell yeah Rog with the skate clips!
Why waste food like that 😭😭
2:17 and I don't want to further endorse the food wastage. Don't get me wrong I LOVE First We Feast, but I can't in good conscience watch someone grind on food for visual impact. Will continue to love on First We Feast videos, just not this one.
Guess he killed those burgers because of the Onions, Tony Hawk doesn’t like Onions on them burgers
It gives me hope that even Tony Hawk still eats MacDonalds
The father's burger looks like Banh Mi
You guys wasted so much burgers
They destroyed burgers  tho
I'm sorry but all of those look disgusting
I knew there would be a lot of dislikes bc they wasted burgers. Im not personally offended lol but i knew that would happen
This should’ve been a McDonald’s commercial
I only disliked because he put onions even though TH said he doesn't like onions. Also, I think people are getting way too technical with burgers, you guys took something simple and jacked off all through it
Aint the impossible burger supposed to Vegan and not Vegeterian ? not that impossible using animal prots and fats .
Kids in Africa...
XXXBurger 0:15
That fat guy didnt want to let go ice that burger
Nike started making skate shoes since everyone was skating in Jordan 1’s anyways. Stick to onions chef...
Pls stop wasting food
Thank you Tony Hawk for showing me my playstation controler also doubles as a vibrator. My girl thanks you👍.
welll... the fathers office burger had like garlic butter on the buns
Those burgers tho😭 you will be missed
The Slow Mo Guys Sequel
Geriatric skating huh? How old is this guy now? Pretty impressive I must admit.
The impossible burger isn't as good as the beyond burger
Those poor poor burgers. My heart can’t take it
im starving and you out here mercing like 30 burgers
Hey guys, in the father’s office burger the last bread is col “Bolillo” is from Mexico and is delicious😍😘❤️🤘🏼
Tony hawk is seriously unbelievable
What is the outro song?
That's not a football. It's an American football. Great content otherwise! ;)
Why tony hawk have voice like todd howard?
what was the beat at the start please someone give me the plug
Never show a white boi food
R.I.P Borgers
Good to see that Alvin lost some weight.
How fat is the host plan on getting?
Was it necessary for Tony to skate over those burgers in the beginning. What a waste, for people claiming their all about burgers the amount of  waste and disrespect for food is disgusting...
Waste of food
"I have vegan friends who swear by it."

How would they even know?
I like how Tony Hawk was more or less an accessory to the host letting Tony know how awesome he is as a burger chef...
B U R G E R S
50?? Damn
Wasting burger ... I want to see him skate on that half pipe wasting  burgers like that.
What are we gonna say to the burger's fanilies?
How is it possible for the host of a show to have no chemistry with a single guest
"There are flakes of fat which I don't know what it is." Good job host, way to be a pro
LET THE MEAT REST !! 11:00
lmao 8:15 made me cringe so hard
Ramen burger is literally the start of Parappa the Rapper 2
what the heck
🍔
I love Tony Hawk, but as a cook hearing this grown ass man say he doesn't like onions or bleu cheese makes me so sad.
So many burgers..
Alvin seriously looks terrible nowadays
How does it make sense to have a morbidly obese man host a show about eating burgers? This is insane
So fake meat for meat eaters? what is the point. if it does everything a real burger would do, why not eat a real burger.
I saw a burger that had a bunch of fries sticked in the top of one burger....
why wreck food man? it's just not a good look, i don't care if it goes to dogs or if you donate the video money to curing cancer.
Steve Caballero could eat a pizza and play a guitar skating so....

Now you'll have to make a pizza show.
Hell yes! Burger show is back! I love burgers and I love Alvin's attitude. The no onions thing is a hilariously bad fuckup though.
Welcome back! Hope you stay for long.
How is 1000 Islands "The California Sauce"? It was invited in the 1000 Islands in New York lol
takes a bit to grind my gears but the first clip was just disrespectful as hell man, can't morally get myself to watch this lol
Any tony hawk fans here should read his book Occupation skateboarder. He has a whole chapter dedicated to losing his biggest fan (his father).
This dude is worth like 140 Million Dollar and he looks like the most down to earth guy with a 20 $ Hoodie. What a Legend!
1:58 - 2:00 why do I feel like he's gonna slam me wit the pan and get mad if I kill ornstein?
Tf is a "nr.2 no onions" at McDonalds? 😂
I don't think Tony Hawk liked any of those burgers very much.
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Burger King foot lettuce anyone?
Tony hawk could be my dad
I LOVE Tony Hawk
That dude has broken more bones than kids have been alive watching this
13:06 minutes if tony subtly not liking the burgers
No matter how many pro skater games you make it won’t save you from hell for wasting those burgers tony
Children in Africa could've eaten those burgers!!11!1!
Waste of food
That bread that you called football shaped is what Mexicans like most.The reason they like it is because they make it a 🥪
On a video I watched of fathers office he said he made it with that bun because a hamburger bun is a piece of bread you wouldn’t want eat by it self
Can we not forget this man is 50 and still shredding the skateboard. The real GOAT💯🐐🔥
I got an ad for your ad before the vid with the same guy lmao
I dont think Tony Hawk was impressed with your burgers lol.
I like how Hawk keeps saying "without onions" and then every burger the dude makes has some sort of onion on it 😂
ppl die caused by starvation and these guys smash burgers with skateboards.
Indomie dari indonesia bro👍👍👍
All the good burgers being tortured.....I could've ate them lol. Save the burger!
Like how that kid who failed the hop slid across concrete and died and everyones mourning over the already dead cheese burgers
So how old is Tony now is he in his 50's now?
Can I get the links for the ramen burger sauce and the onion marmalade please?
How many burger did you share with the homeless people outside the pipe instead of just thrashing them for no good reason?
Why would you waste so much food -_-
No burgers were harmed during the making of this video
I didnt know Bill Gates could skate
Good
Never sample your own product, I don't think the host knows that's saying 😂😂😂
Watching you guys play around with food & waste it that way, I honestly hope you all get severe, recurring ulcers that prohibit you from ever eating or digesting any food for the rest of your lives. What a bunch of idiotic, ungrateful, waste of human lives you are
'Video wastes food'
Africa: excuse me wtf
Estos  cabrones  botando  comida  y  yo  con  hambre  queriendo comer  una  hamburguesa desperdisiadores
I hated the food waste. :(
Missah Hawkes looking good for 100yrs old. Love from Japan!
Is that Bacon/Onion sauce more or less the same that they sell at Trader Joe's? I could never figure out what to use that jam on.
Ima starve before I eat a lab grown burger
Y’all gonna make cows go unemployed
Waiting for this baby! 😂👌
Ramen burgers existed way before. I had my first like 20 years ago. They’re even sold at fast food joints in Japan and S.Korea.
Tony Hawk hates all of these  weird burgers.... 😄😄😄😄
Bro he said no onions
Didn't Tony just say no onions. You put onions in impossible burger
he shouldn't play with food like that !
1:13 someone need to paint that!
''AND THAT'S HOW YOU GET ANTS!'
So many concerned people about Tony smashing few burgers.

Ffs you do it too when you're in the store. Example: you won't buy a banana because it's a bit brown, you won't buy apple because it's bruised a bit (fruits and vegetables that might seem withered a bit in general). 
Tomatos that seem photoshoped and perfect size carrots is what get your attention. You don't want that small, ugly ass, sliced cucumber staring at you from your salad because that's the worst...
Rarely who will pick that type of food to their home. And that's how you waste food too.
Why ya'll wasting burgers?
Bruh this guy needs to stop eating burgers
Lol poor Tony....you eat burgers? Yeah, nr. 2 NO ONIONS. Well, here is the first burger, let me put onions on it :D
I wouldn't eat blue cheese....but you already put it on the burger, so might as well xD
9 year olds  can do what Tony hawk does these days .. search youngest 900
My man is eating himself to death, don’t encourage and praise him for being fat but encourage him to workout and lose weight
Its a bollio u dumbshit
Shut up!
who else just remembering that tony hawk exists?
woke up at 7am. had a banana for breakfast. went to brutal fitness class. came home. ate a salad (which was crazy good). now I'm watching this video... rethinking my life's choices... fml...
I'm hungry for a juicy cheeseburger now!😜
damn that last burger 🤤
THE MAN SAID NO ONIONS JFC
I'm not sure the host is gonna survive another season of this show...
smh wasting all those delicious burgers
This is one of the most beautifully shot and edited openings I've ever seen.
I came for the impossible burger
“I try to watch what I eat” loves mcds
Bruh, that "hoagie" is the bread that I would use for my tortas
This man looks Hispanic and can’t even call the “hoagie” bread pinche bolillo
It's really neat that you guys got Tony, but the episode itself felt weak.
When the host looks like a burger
Interesting 🍔
Boardwalk burgers? More like bored burgers
Shucks!! All those Burgers that could feed me here in Africa. YOU GUYS!!!
Why would you waste those burgers? I would've eaten them
No onions dingus
Cringed hearing that man talk about skateboarding
I love this channel, but please give a respect for the food, side the world is still have hunger issue.
You should play with food its Disrespectful. 
The show I appreciate but not the play .
Doesn't like onions or blue cheese --


Burger 3 has onion marmalade and blue cheese LOL
Tony Hawk on Hot Ones please!! LETS GO
He’s 50 and he can still do all these tricks and I can’t even use a skateboard I just fall in my face lol Tony hawk is a legend
Big ups to the worlds strongest segway ever made
Why did I watch this a 3 am? 😭
Did he genuinely like any of the burgers like really??
I kind of got the impression he wasn't really crazy about the first two but he's also one of the nicest people in sports at the same time so... he didn't say it. And wow really Tony Hawk doesn't like onions or blue cheese on his burgers. Interesting.
He didn't want onions! He said it four times!
Alvin gettin real thicc
I wish I could have ate those Murgled burgers
The idea behind this show is awesome and I mean Tony Hawk is the shit. But wish it had a better host and a cook that isn't only known for his ability to make scrambled eggs on a bun and uses the word umami too much to seem clever even though he learnt about the word a minute ago
Who cleaned that
i want a burger now
That guy should lose some fukkin weight before he croaks
Real skaters don't wear supreme
Where’s Shawn Evans FROM FIRST WE FEAST
Known for creating new tricks? What are y9u talking about Rodney mullet invent half the tricks and tonyhawk never made ANYTHING
poor people could have eaten those burgers
y'all know it's okay to eat a little bit of onion even if it's not your preference, right? you're acting like dude tried to give Tony an allergic reaction
Damn first time I’ve heard of Tony in years. Legend of my childhood! 👌
Never heard someone complain about onions this much 🤣🤣🤣
Whats this?  Something about...NO onions?!    
How about NO respect from Alvin.
Damn I remember playing tony hawk pro skater on the ps1
Man, that guy looks just like Tony hawk
Yo this series is really good, memes on point
i was like who that old ass dude. then realized it was Tony hawk and im still living in 2001
I use a cast iron skillet every time for the impossible burger. 3 minutes on each side... Don't want that non-stick coating on your burger, cmon
The ramen burger came from inside of prison across the united states! Lol
This video made me cringe a little. Grinding on those burgers made no sense. Tony Hawk said he didn't like onions or blue cheese and this dude still served him onions and blue cheese lmao! You can tell Tony was being nice and all, but overall this was weird to watch.
Chef cough on the burger at 5:08 Tony still ate it. Hardcobra
You can't call a bowl of rocket salad! Mental folks
You deadass just gone waste some burgers like that?
WON'T SOMEBODY PLEASE THINK OF THE BURGERS?!
I cant skate down a bs halfpipe at age 28 semi street vert skills
Outro song title?
The third one was a torta burger made with a bolillo 😂
he didnt let go XDDD
Think we can get an episode on Tortas? This is a passion of mine, and very similar to a burger in it's execution.
Looks like Tony naturally wouldnt like any of these burgers lmao
Catch the premiere of season 3 with Tony Hawk here: https://youtu.be/th5QV1mnWXo
If Gloria Borger isn’t a guest... I’m gonna be really disappointed.
This is like watching an alcoholic go wine tasting. It just feels wrong.
I'm starting to become concerned for Alvin's health
It’s time for B O R G E R
Gloria Burger
Could you guys not encourage that guy to kill himself?
i thought the series stopped so Alvin can work on himself and surprise us in the next season, instead he's even worse
They're. All. So. Beautiful. Which burger are you craving?
can we just have a show where alvin and the hamburger historian solely drive around the country to try regional burgers
my BMI just went up by 100 watching this
Jesus Christ someone needs to lay off the burgers.
Is that food god Kenji Lopez Alt?
Tony Hawk's Pro Burger Skater 😁👌
Why does it take 6 seconds to gain 100 calories and about 45 minutes to burn those calories ??? 🤔🤔🤔
#LifeisEvil.
OMG!!! Just had my breakfast, I am hungry again😑
Let’s hope that this host doesn’t just brag about being high the whole show this season
Finally! I was starting to think The Burger Show wasn't coming back. Been waiting for my man Kenji's Ep.
“I’m on a mission to expand” 
you got that right
“...my burger horizons”
YESSSS! Ive been waiting for this!! Wecome back dude!!
Finally Louis' lunch gets some screen time this season. Thanks for adding the nod there.
I am SO GLAD the burger history dude is back.

edit: i commented too soon, kenji and andrew is also SO GOOD.
YESSSSSSZZ!! I'm so glad it's coming back 😁
Tory Belleci?!?!? HELL YEAH!
Tony hawk dropping that burger is the most painful thing I have seen all week.
This is by far my favorite YouTube channel and I'm a rabbi. Burgers aren't Kosher in most instances but the passion with which Calvin explores his love is inspiring and hugely entertaining. Keep em coming!
Might as well watch a drug addict explore exery flavor of xanax
My heart skipped a beat when the burger ripped;so nerve wrecking!
Stocked for the new season
TORY BELLECI? YES I LOVE MYTHBUSTERS SO MUCH
Now I'm craving some burger action! Can't wait to see all the fabulous burger concoctions! Deuces!
Maybe the tofo burger show or turkey burger or maybe just the salad show 🤷🏽‍♂️
Yes!!! The burger show!
Tasted used to have an amazing show called burger lab would be awesome if you can reach out to the host and collaborate
İşte bunlar sahalarda görmek istediğimiz hareketler! 

Greetings from İstanbul! Thank you guys!
Somebody should tell that guy he looks like Tony Hawk.  (Also I'm super excited for more Burger Show!)
Man, someone better still ate those perfectly good burgers after Tony Hawk skated over them.
I just opened an American "California Style" restaurant in Japan and my burger menu is totally inspired by this Burger Show!!! I love this show!!
Thing hawk pro skater 20? POGGERS
Oh yeah yeah
OMG, Tony Hawk! The legend! I'm EXCITED!
Who doesn't lover a good burger?
Tori???!? Yassss!   Also, the rest looks rad, too.
"No burgers were harmed in the making of this trailer"
Burger abuse, Tony...you don't need to grind an already cooked burger, bro!
It's Burger Time 😁👌
First we Feast. You guys do amazing work. I love all of your productions
Oh SNAP George Motz is in the building. Instant watch.
YES


Alvin is my spirit animal. I need MORE of him.
I can't wait! Looks wonderful!
Welp I know what I'm having for lunch
Bustin' burger myths with Tory Belleci?
Just thought I would put this out there. That "jedi" outfit is from amazon. How did y'all like the belt only good for keys as it says. Just ate a burger moments ago, was ok.
I AM SO HYPED. NOW BRING SOME SEAN IN THE WILD BACK
The Lacey Stacey is a good one with a toasted pretzel bun. I would add some Sargento South West 4 Cheese blend. . .That works great in a burger. . .
I want to be a super hero too. 

Timestamp 

Start 
End 
Yeeeeeesssss!!! More more more!!!
Hyped for Season 3! Glad Alvin and Babish are back!
Tony Hawk is the man!!!
best show ever keep it up alvin
Dear god... J Kenjk Lopez Alt and Andrew Rea.. this is going to be real good
WAY TOO MANY PERFECT WASTED BURGERS DIS SATISFIED
The fact that Tony still shreds a half is astounding. I'm 46. I hopped on to my niece's board and was seriously worried for myself.
Tony Hawk, I like you, but if you drop or kick over one more burger, we're going to have problems.
Tony Hawk plus a burger is everything! Question is can Tony flip whilst flipping a burger - or is it just a given that he can??
G L O R I A
B U R G E R
You guys helped me make a better burger at home. Thank you!
Finally, this and hot ones are why im subscribed
YES!!! Finally!!! I love this show, we need more burgers!!!!!
You guys need to come to the Midwest and go to Zombie Burger or Shorts in Iowa City
Go to see that after the crap "El Eh Iz ThE ePiCeNtEr Of BuRgEr KuLtUrE" season you're actually going to go see interesting burgers, instead of pretending grilling on a Weber is "unique to LA".
good to see a resurrected logan getting work after the limo-job didn't pan out.
Tony Hawk's Existential Nightmare.
People, go vegan! 💚
😂
No, seriously.
💚😘
Louis' may not be the best burger, but hell if it ain't special.
Glorious. This show has taught me so much about cooking burgers and now it can teach me more!
Tory Belleci???
Shout out to Stacey 🥩
YES! FINALLY!!!
Here for this! Better be some spots in nyc on the show!
I would've been excited if it was a better host doing the show...
SO excited you're back with a new season!!!
One of the best shows period!
My favorite metal band is Dimmu Burger
Hot ones is awesome. 
I'm not sure a show about hamburgers can hold many people's attention
Yes, been waiting for this. Love the show.
Coming soon to TLC
My 600 pound host
This is gonna be phenomenal!
SEASON 3 GOT A BUDGET!
Matty??!
The Burger made it further than Tony did haha
FUUUUCK YESSSS!!!!
Dope you're going to do episodes with George again! Can't wait!
First We Yeet
Finally, Season 3 is here.
Buns pickle ketchup cheese put that patty in between.
YEEEEESS!!!
YES I thought the burger show had been canceled. This made my day!
Shady Glenn!! reppin CT again
Totally not your fault Tony..dude didn't wanna unclench that beautiful burger from his own meat paws!
Will this be the season that finally stops his heart? You'll have to watch to find out!
Wasn't season 2 only like 1-2 episodes?
I love hamberders. Stoked that Kenji Lopez will be on, he is the man.
season 3, didn't even know there was an episode one
Kenji!!!!!!!
Love these. Finally some more good content on YouTube!
THis one is gonna be da BOMB series
Heck yeah!! Burger show is back baby!!!
Gordon Ramsay has joined the chat
First minute really shows off the Connecticut burger scene
Louis' Lunch! I've almost been there once! I think I might make a pilgrimage this weekend...
Finallllyy!!!
Big Fella, you need to workout or your going to die. Gotta take care of yourself!
You will die of a heart attack before the season is complete
THIS JUST MADE ME SO DANG HAPPY
We need to see Gloria borger in this
Some of those looked pretty damed amazing. sigh
Man eat less burgers.. love you, want to keep watching you for a while.
this guy isn't a good presenter/ host stop making videos with him. Zero interest
You need AOC as a guest.  Haha
Damn... that old guy looks like the Sasquatch from the Hulk comics
Our boy seems to have decided that he wants to die early from this show. 
I thought he was taking time off to better himself, but he was just ramping it up.
I'm really sad to see him go like that, but I'll watch if this is what he wants. Just thought, you know, the show might've brought it up to him? Oh well
J Kenzie JKenzie J Kenzie!!!!!!!
Tony had it but dude wouldn't let go of the burger, wonder why 😂
The enabling show, season 3.
Yesssssssss! Can't wait!!!!!
0:43 Umm.. Spongebob?
for the curious souls, the first guest is going to be Casey
never liked this dude. his personality is off putting
shoutouts to connecticut being on the map for something.
Super hyped up!!! I'm only concened of alvins weight
Saw at least three CT spots in there! Adam Richman actually went to Yale. That'd be a fun episode.
F#@k yeah!!
reading the comments lol actually disgusting. people tryna pretend to be worried of Alvin’s health by armchairing their WebMDs. keep doing the do Alvin. happy for all your success  reppin you and FilAms even if people don’t read up on your work. u deserve the good uplift.
So...much...saliva
TEAK .. ORLANDO
K E N J  I  <3  G A N G
Not sure who the older guy was but before I saw him I thought for sure it was Guy Fieri
I wish you all would get a new host. He's really lame and not super engaging
Spongebob already did man vs machine.
How I've missed this show!
Probably the only other show I watch on here besides Hot Ones. 🤣
Shout-out to my home town and Shady Glen!!
Buddy is gonna be dead before season 4....
I always forget "first we feast" does other things
🍔BurgerTime!
@0:12 my heart😫😫😫 what a loss to such a great burger
This show needs a new host...like the man vs food guy
dan it i am hooked just on that. cheers all
I forwarded this video to all my Nigerian friends...
I'm so hyped for this
Freaking awesome video for a burger show..
Get Gordon Ramsay!
Jesus, haven't eaten a meal today, this made so hungry.
Gotta hit up Mac's Local Eats in St Louis, best burgers in the area. Dry aged beef mmmmm
i really like ur videos, and guess what i like burgers! 

The part where the skater shots away the burgers with his board at minute 1:45 is just dumb, i dont understand how this can be part of a video and even the trailer

big up for the otherwise juicy content!
1099% approved
More George Motz!
So glad they got tony hawk in to skateboard over burgers
I didn't come here for The Burger Show, but I always come back for The Burger Show.
I’m hyped for this one. Sean Evans better cameo with a spicy ass burger.
WE GOT KENJI!!!!
I think I saw a version of the X-TUDO burger in there somewhere.
I just want more than a few episodes per season. Love this.
Early squad where u at
I literally cannot wait for this!!!!! :D
Andrew Rey!!! Babish!!!
Yay u binging with banish in the show for season 3
Woohoo! One of my favorite shows!!! Cannot wait :))))))
I'm on a mission to... expand my waistline
You should be on a mission to lower your LDL yo
By the second best show on this channel, well with the first there isn't even any competition so this is a great compliment
Everybody knows only a burger can make the best burger
This should be interesting.
I am but a young burger boy. I dream of one day being able to tour america like this and eating burgers. I think that would be the life. I think im gonna start a petition...

EDIT: Also, I'm a practicing VFX artist, and could maybe do some cool vfx or something
Im on a mission to expand my waist line.
Hell yes Colorado craving the burgers.
Don't know what I'm more excited for, Babbish, Tony Hawk or Tory from mythbusters
His absolut first burger ever
The eating-burgers-until-I-die guy is back my dudes, and it's sad....
I was afraid they weren't going to renew this show I'm glad they did I love Alvin
The minute I saw J. Kenji Lopez-Alt was going to be part of the show I got extremely excited
I. Am. Hungry...
Thanks.
Y E S ! ! ! !
great, now we can hear him drone on about In N' Out every. single. episode.
what took you so long ?
TONY HAWK
Omg! 😲 I hurt for the wasted 🍔s at the beginning! But this show looks delicious! As long as no one orders it still walking!  🐄 😝
THE HYPE IS REAL
Yes!!! burger historian 🍔
Yay.. Burgers.. X3
You need to visit The Vortex in little 5 points Atlanta Georgia. They have AMAZING burgers
if a parallell fibre/aka vertical fibre burger is not featured now, and its the 3 season. you guys no nothing about burgers yet.... come on..
Im looking forward to how to cut the onions.
I like how big he is! But it's also why I won't feel comfortable watching the show  :/
Yeah, take away entry  level  jobs. Gangster upcoming results. Nice job AI lovers.
haha sick intro! 😂
I want them all. Give me all the burgers!
Tony hawk gonna grind some burgers
RIP burgers that were harmed and wasted in the making of this.
Alvin should host a new show called the “salad show”
You know the food is good when your chef is as big as alvin , that man loves food
How can I get invited on to the show? I'm hungry.
giant burger pine grove ca in the hills zero YouTube reviews somebody do one please!!
I usually just have onions, no burger. 
Alvin: puts burger on my onions
I'm a vegetarian and I really like watching this show.
I approve of this series
2 minutes il never get back , thx
Been waiting to have more burgers to drool over!
Been waiting on this for too damm long!!!!!!
Damn that burger looks great !!!!
YAY!  When's N.O.R.E.'s show coming back.?!
YOOOOOOOOOO
Yessssssssssss! Dear goodness yessssssssssss!
Just watching this made me hungry
Tony Hawk and Babish in the same video?! 😳
I'M IN❗
This looks amazing
I really really want a burger now 🤤🍔
I hope they have a defibrillator on the set for the host, just in case........
So, you've recorded all of these episodes already but you'r holding the back bcz??????
I can't wait!!!!!!!
BAAAABIIIIIISHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DOPE!
“I’m pumped for this” (Quang Tran voice)
My diet was going so well. Now i'm gonna be tempted to go out and eat a burger whenever I can.
YESSSSSSSSSSS
YESSSSSS
Dat thumbnail. Now i need a burger
Stop playing with the food 😐
I'm interested, only if the patty is an Impossible burger. I am a bovine advocate
1:17 Tom DeLonge?
YOU GOT KENJI LOPEZ ALT YESSSSSSS YESSSSSS
Stepping it up this season!
OMG Can't Wait!
Oh daamn he is still alive?!? 
Was sure he died
thank god the burger show is back, now this is something i can watch
Tony Hawk? check. lots of burgers? check. what more could you ask for
Love this. Can't wait.
You gota to try crown burger in Salt Lake City Utah. Get the pastrami bacon cheeseburger
You guys should come to the habit here in modesto
FINALLY
I hope he hears about Stanich's in Portland!
I'm SO READY!
Another season of scrolling the comments counting all the people "concerned" for Alvin's health.
1:01 AAHHHHHH!!! It's Babish
i need a sammich right now!
Binging with Babish hell yeah
Very excited, looks like a solid season
this dude isnt gonna make it past 30
Time to get the bong ready.
Been waiting for dis
action bronson????
And now, an F for all of the burgers harmed in the making of this series
YES, BABISH IS BACK, BITCHES!
Go to Bend, OR they have tons of great burgers
This guy really needs to hit the gym to survive this series
This is the most delicious trailer I've seen
Gloria buger and show pewdipie
I wonder how many times they’re gonna mention in-n-out this season?
This made me so hungry lol
0:40 that thing needs some cleaning
Cannot freakin wait for this!
I will eat Burgers forever
Alvin’s gotta cut some lb’s
ft. Gloria bogor
disliked vid for all the food wasted making the tony hawk shots. for shame!!
im going to mcdonald u want something
Yes.. I hope Motz is in every episode.
Alvin looks like he's dying
I love boigers!
Wow man like keep losing weight.
I hope you come to El Reno, OK for burger day. This show belongs there.
Dayum lol now I want a burger
I'll fight plenty of old women for a Ramen Burger. Those things are  AMAZING... The burgers. not old ladies
Never been to a video this fast
Im crying cuz of all the burgers Tony ruined
As I struggle through my work sandwiches in miserable grey UK weather, I am justifiably vexed at sight of seeing a number of well-done burgers carelessly chucked and smashed all over a half-pipe. Still, I can't help but watch on and yearn the next season
HUNGER FOR BURGER.... HERETIC BURGER
Yes. This
How many heart attacks has Alvin had so far?
I'm in a mood for burgers now.
7 wiews be the time i write this
I enjoy this show!
oh YES dude
So excited for Kenji!
Opening shot: cook didn't want to let go of the burger
Finally!!!
Alvin isn't expanding his burger knowledge, he's expanding his likelihood of major health concerns and/or death. Your a great host and personality and it would be a shame to see something happen... Its your life and all but change your habits before its too late!
i love burgers but i hate when a good paty its wasted for just filming a skate board
ayye this looks fun
What's the music at the beginning?
many burgers gave their lives to produce this video.
Not kidding. The best burger I’ve ever had was in Paris. Op’ Thiremh. Amazing
I thought they were gonna start eating the hot sauces on burgers instead of wings 😂
I just ate a burger but watching this makes me hungry for more
ft.Golria Borgor
YUM!!!!!
Burger hype
how has he still not lost it
Shawn evans should interview narduar on hot ones!
I'm so excited!! Ahhhhh!!!!
Dope host! I can see his passion for burgers. I don't give a f*ck how big he is. That's his life. Got nothing to do with me
Eagerly waiting
FINALLY!
My body is ready
My body is ready
Post another trailer and be unsubbed.
Ayyyyyy
Great now I smell burgers
BRING BACK PIZZA SHOW!
It's time for B O I G E R
The megachonk is rolling in with new juicy burgers nomnom oh lawd he comin.
YAYYYYYYYYY🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔
First thing I notice out of the cut of this trailer is MY JOB. Paper hats and crispy cheese can be found in the center of hell, and oh wait dont forget me!
Anybody else hungry
Ehhhh Louie’s Lunch what’s good!
YES!
The host of this show doubles in size every season. By season 4 he'll either die from heart attack, or be so big, they can't fit him in the frame for the video.
Scrolling through YouTube saw this burger and became hungry immediately!! 🍔
The first two minutes of every episode is him getting out of his car.
Aaaaaand now I want Burger .
Here's hoping episodes are longer than 3-5 minutes... You wait so long for the next episode, and it's over so quickly. #titleofyoursextape
MY GOD I'M SO HAPPY I WAS BEGINNING TO THINK THE SHOW WAS CANCELLED. CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEW SEASON
You needa get Cherdleys on hot ones
+1:25 Is the Jucy Lucy finally getting some love on The Burger Show?!
Burgers all day!
Hamburgaler!!!!!! I love burgers. But I exercise and eat clean to balance the scales.
Now i'm hungry
People love food. I happen to like content and food
WoW new star war's trailer looks awesome
YESS!!!
YES
You're making me hungry smalls. Omgosh I need a cheesey burger in my mouth!
GLORIA BORGER!
YESSS
Please don't waste food = =a
I was all excited and then realized... this was the trailer.  Now I’m bummed...  gonna go make myself a burger now.
Damn, so hyped
Too many burgers where harmed in the making of this video. :(
You can tell he eats what he cooks. Lol
Kenji AND Babish? Yo I'm so down for this!
KENJI
Lookin good!
YEah boy
We need Gordon here.
ive been dying to try that thin ass  cheese burger ever since that first episode
wish i could make my insane chiliburger for ya! beefburger with much bacon, cheddar, chili, (special)onion, and 4 secret ingredients ;) its an absolute monster
Thats where slo mo dan broke his arm
George Motz!
BABISH MY KING
Alvin! Lose some weight bro, you're on the way to a early death!
Now I'm hungry
God yes!
Looks good!
I know Tony didn't give up on the lipslide burger grab. I'm sure we'll see the make when the episode comes out.
Yaaaay
Let's Eat
Yes!
Feels like watching an addict abuse their addiction. I’m out.
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaas
Can't wait!
My body is ready.
b o r g
Hell yeah
You cannot have borger show without B  O  R  G  E  R
How has he not gotten a fatal coronary yet?
Every episode sucked.  I'm sure it will be the same.
He's alive!
Finally
Finally
I love this show so much ugh. I’m glad the next season is coming out
Alvin on another suicide mission? First We Feast healthcare needs to give Alvin a gym membership. I hope we don't lose him too soon.
Finally
This trailer should be avoided like the plague on an empty stomach...
Yaaaaas!
The guy narrates the videos like that jock in high school who didn't put in any work in the group presentation.
Damn cant wait
Looks like Calvin lost weight!
Not guilty at all about watching this while eating a BURGER! There's so many types mine needs bacon and avocado or it's not edible lol. Anyone else need bacon on their burger?
First we feast. Please get a new host, it's so freaking concerning to watch Alvin eat himself to a early grave.
6:30am and now I’m laying in bed thinking of who would be open at this time to get a good burger
Jesus Christ.  Alvin has put on like 100 lbs since the Eggslut sandwich video.
This is the best show on YouTube and TV right now
I think a burger machine is exactly what I would buy if I was stinkin’ rich
I am excited
Take me with you
Yo Alvin is great but someone’s gotta do it besides this dude, I’m concerned he’s gonna die if he keeps eating like this
Nessie burger for the win
yasss
God damn it, I want them all
BABISH IS BACK
The last thing this mf needs is another cheeseburger
How can you have 1.6k likes and only 171 views? Doesn't make sense to me.
Babby AND Kenji Lopez-Alt?!   Reddit is gonna love this.
This is the best thing to happen since shauns birth
what's with all the wasted food guys? come on
Stoked!
Can I host the Pizza 🍕 Show
That's alotta wasted burgers
we really just gon watch 2 guys eat burgers and at the end of the video they say, "Its good."  Come on.
Eighth
This dude needs to go on a diet. Its just sad to me. Its like watch his slow death on film.
Was the stuff with Tony Hawk filmed the same day Slowmo Guys had him?
Excited
Randy was not invited. I am disappointed...
I’m so hungry
Man... I'll HATE this show!!! Simply because I'll want to eat all of those Burgers and I won't be able too! :(
Great now im hungry
I'm all down for burgers but what's with the wasting of food? Could only imagine a picture of some hungry kid in Yemen looking at this and wondering if it's real. The burgers sure as hell look delicious tho!
Im not first goddanmit
Call Dave Grohl to hot ones
OH no fatty boy is still running it
All the pressure was on the deck of the halfpipe..
uhm. yes!
Why tony gotta disrespect them burgers for :(
Heart attack in 1..2..
It’s about damn time
BABISH!
ooooh kenji
Is this from before or after he pasted away?
That took a while
Okay
hype
please check out hamburger wagon in Ohio
MMmmm.... Hamberders!
Mmmm. Burgers🍔🍔🍔
Sean?
Alvin my dude, please don't take this the wrong way but you need to make some serious lifestyle changes. This isn't healthy. I love burgers and can tell you're passionate about them but your relationship with food needs serious adjustment. I like the show but I don't think you can realistically keep this up without some drastic change. This is bordering on upsetting.
All those wasted burgers 😫
Hi
Lame
Did they add the last dab on the burger
When does it debut?
So first we feast are ok with letting Alvin get even more un healthy?
Any Burger Show merch????
Everyone taking about his weight when the real problem is he isn't a good host. Seems like a good dude, but he doesn't bring anything to the show. Vibe feels all wrong. Yeah he's an unhealthy dude eating unhealthy good, but if he was healthy he wouldn't magically become a better host.
bro, put the burger down and hit a treadmill once or twice a week, you look like your arteries are a week away from being clogged up and ending you
woo
They need to cancel this show it’s gonna make everyone look bad when he has a medical emergency
If I was rich, I would love to travel across America trying out different awesome foods.  If only...  /cry
Yummy 😋
Im really poor right now and holy god im so sad to see those poor burgers get smacked :( i would eat those lol. Broke life :(
Lol
J KENJI LOPEZ
I came
This guy should be doing a salad show
Dean Norris?
Still waiting on the pizza show but this'll do for now
Finally
Whos here frome Casey neistat
Is this the season where he finally collapses due to diabetes I mean be careful
this show is torture for me.  so hungry
This dude has eaten way too many burgers. He is going to die so soon. Get him some help
What up
Cool, thought you guys were dead and gone like munchies. I missed the fun of the burger show
🍔🍔🍔
For my money, a smash burger or steak burger will always be my personal fave.  I cannot stand thick burgers that just a few bites in you're holding a drenched flap of bun and all of the toppings are falling off.  That's not a burger, that's a mess!
What is this? the one second cut channel?
How about you cut down on the burger and work out a little bit?
Nice
Me ha entrado hambre
Please get a new host
Omg Ted's!
I don't watch any other food shows or videos on YouTube. I don't even eat burgers that often. But this... This ... Whoa
Hes more fat than ever
This dude needs to shave
Lol the views
Get over to All American in Massapequa,NY.
Ya binging with babish.
This guy is still alive...thats surprising.
Yaay
You can't mass produce burgers.  They'd lose all their flavor and the chef's personal touch which is essential to a burger
Hey! This show might be normalizing unhealthy eating and obesity but at least the trailer heavily features food waste
Was it really necessary to kill all those innocent burgers like that? Death by skateboard....what sick fu*k came up with that idea? One of the saddest things I've seen in a while. :(    RIP all you beautiful angels.
My body is ready. Can’t wait for Kenji.
Didn't get rid of the boring host. No thanks. But at least you got Kenji.
Yeaaaaah booooooi!
I love burgers :))))))))
Thought I was watching the intro but it turned out to be a commercial, I hate commercials, you fooled us all Burger man
Why haven't Babish appeared on Hot Ones yet?
so much wasted burgers. think of the hungry kids in africa T-T
I live in a small country town we don’t really have nice burger 🍔 places we’re is a place to get a good burger if there only fast food restaurant we’re I live
the Tony of Hawk's... AKA: the most over-produced skater in history.
I need a good burg, now. 🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔
Love kenji Lopez. I’m stoked.
FATTY BOOM BOOM!
I’m hungry now, time to go buy a big fat cheeseburger 🍔
Little sneak peak preview on casey neistats newest video
Ya'll need to help this guy lose some weight...
?
Alvin really needs to stop before he dies on us.
I can't wait! Single with no kids + lazy= burger, pizza or Chinese every day of the year. Bring it on!
My fatass is so hyped!
Not this fat guy again ..
What tony hawk know about burgers?? Dude doesn’t have an once a fat on him
I hate to see burgers wasted but it was worth it for those shots. Damn, this season looks like this going to be great. I'm psyched. What a bunch of excellent guests. Happy to see the burger historian return to get into regional and historic burger lore, and notorious burger nerd Kenji "Paint Scraper and Trowel"* Lopez-Alt show up for some burger science, mythbusting, and nerding out. I'm looking forward to learning something new that might make my own burgers better! (*Kenji's work did teach me to make better burgers, but I also bought the trowel and scraper and prefer a $5 hamburger spatula.)
this dude is still alive?
Heart disease and cancer
That’s hot
oh yeah lets waste burgers while theres starving victims out there 😒😑🙄
GUYS, STOP THIS. HAMBURGERS ARE JUST PLAIN MINCED MEAT ON A BUN, IT'S NOT THAT GOOD
Does this mean hot ones is over ? :(
Oohh BuTha Board Slide Tho!!!..
Kenji Lopez Alt!
Alvin is still alive?
americans be eating cheesed burger
Meat is murder
I hate you guys, now I have to go eat a burger
Oh god this is so glorious. Ma boi Alvin is back again! Looking forward to this series, man. Keep up the great work!
Honestly though, for his own health sakes, he REALLY should consider working off some, before he ends up looking like Bobby Bacala...  .ol
Imagine how many starving African villages you could feed if you butchered the host and made burgers out of him. Now that would make a good show.
This won’t last. First we feast is about celebs eating hot wings. This idea is boring why not just try a burger from a different place everyday this guys in his way out might as well make life interesting. Instead your making this fat guy eat all kinds of burgers and talk about history.....
That fat guy's going to die of a heart attack before the end of the season. Shame on these guys for casting someone who has an obvious overeating issue and is already beyond obese. They probably just signed his death certificate.
If you made burgers out of SOMETHING other then BEEF I might like this show.
This show makes me nauseous
Season finale- cutting off Alvin's foot due to diabetes
you guys have a great show, very disappointing  that on minutes 1:44 the skater skates over a few burgers and on  minute 1:59 the skater smashes the a burger, but am a very honest person and does your show knows how many millions of people in the world are hungry and does your show or anyone does know how much food it gets wasted per second, that's including you guys. . am pretty sure your director to get this shot its not missing food on his table like millions of humans are. instead of showing the beauty and taste of burgers in another respectfully way  to the millions of people who are  trying to have at least one meal a day. that's fuck up they way you guys do your shots just to get audience  or views or k what ever you guys trying to get. When you don't know what is not to have nothing then your are going to realize that one piece of bread can make a difference.  am pretty sure no one eat those waste burgers right??????? but a hungry person will  not let go to waste.
Ah nice, the show that never got you any revenue is back.
On the real my man got to slim down
The show the people want is back!
Mix in a veggie burger every now and then.
0:32 - why would you leave the dregs on a burger like that...
but.. I'm vegan, poor cow.. they have feeling too
Hey look i thought you had a hearth attack or something
Where's the Hot wings? Where's Sean Evans? This sucks!
Dont think there will be a season 4, the host will probrally die of obecity
Takashi...seems like the name requires anyone within it to be colorful
He was serious when he said he would design you.
takes one bite "yees i enjoyed it"
I almost don't want to eat that burger because of how beautiful it looks
THOSE BURGERS LOOK BOMB !!!!

BUT Dam Is That Really The Price?
$22 For A Single? 😮💥🍔
So.... does he always dress like that?
death grips in hot ones when?
Takashi Murakami ?

Isn't that guy who makes a statue about anime guy ejaculating (my lonesome cowboy) ?
Is it just me or does he get bigger each episode 
No hate I love the show just would like to see him 
Healthier
watching this show has become morbid I'm seriously worried for his health
I didn't see him for a while, so I thought maybe he was focusing on his health and taking time off, or maybe he had a scare that forced him to take a look at things and reflect. 
But it doesn't look like either. In fact, he looks even worse than back in the summer. Unless he wants to die doing this, I don't wanna see our boy kill himself in YouTube videos.
I’m just here to pay respects to Tekashi Murakami for the Graduation and Kids See Ghosts covers
I guess four minutes is better than no minutes
I'm just here for the comment section roasting of the host
"I will design you." LMAO

sounded like a threat there!
Mmmmmm burgerrrrr i love burgers but also i love milk butt you know what comes from both 




COWS!!!!!!!!
"burger is my heart", wouldn't be surprised if this was genuinely true 😳
Dude reminds me of 
Carnage....."DJ/producer" lol
2:36

How is the vegetarian burger and wagyu beef patty burger  the same price $22?
Them some good looking burgers😭😍😍😷
Smash burger gang for life!!🍔🍔
I love Takashi! His artwork is absolutely amazing and is definitely worth seeing in person!
1) host looks like a tall gnome! 🤣
2) in n out is overrated, should've been compared to Carl's Jr. and honestly Carl's Jr. is better.
3) Takashi will design him! 🤣
I really like this show! Seeing the awesome burgers from all over the world and seeing different techniques and different styles really makes the show unique! The host is really fun and he's always engaging.
3:00 "Because I don't know the other one yet"
But your bar is in Tokyo. There are at least 2 Shake Shacks here.
The legend himself, Takashi Murakami! He's a great friend of Kanye West and their collaboration for album 'Graduation' was fantastic. Mr Murakami has some amazing artwork.
I love him he's so funny😂 has the fun grandpa vibe
Let the man live his life, damn. Great video. I love burgers and I love this show. Keep it up.
"In-and-Out" .. stopped watching lmao
I love the energy u bringin bro. I'm just a little concerned about your health. Just look out for yourself man
Even burger shows secretly steals tekashi's clout smh 🤦
That takeshi burger bloke is obviously the real deal.
I love it when a chef can stand alone and let his food speak for itself without any gimmicks.
Takashi 69 went under the relocation program
At a art museum there were plushies of the flower and those things costed 100$
I really am interested in trying that burger. Tekashi I will eat your burger someday.
little known fact. that is  Takashi 69's dad, hence the name.
Even the Burger is hype!
Yes people. That's $47 for a burger.
Says Yes
Subtitles Yes
$37.00 for a truffle burger 🤑🤡
He took another bite, that means he really liked it and wasn't just jokin for the camera
Omg I want to try that burger ! I love how sweet and humble takashi is!
host and the dude in then suit were the same shape
Born in France, lived in 9 different countries, currently living in Germany..had five guys, in n out, wendy..the best in IN'n'OUT ! there is no question!
"I will design you."
They are both equally large
The host. I trust him when it comes to burgers. A big boy like that has good taste when it comes to food. Cheers brother.
Excuse me sir, DID I JUST SEE A $22 SINGLE?!?!
2:16 "on jah?"
Oh man the burger show and Alvin is back! This is awesome! First we feast always delivers
glad to see alvin still alive cheers my man
Takashi is the most Japan I’ve ever seen,maybe too Japan for Japan.
You're making me hungry again. Dude come on!
This guy real life hamburgler
Takashi is soo sweet and adorable!! <3 <3
Takashi a G for picking In N Out.
Why do I watch this shit when I'm hungry, also bless Takashi he's a don
Cringe so hard, bruh.
I'm always surprised how good this show is vs the view count. This needs to catch on way more!!!
I hope the new show is way longer, can't wait.
Those look so good! Are they full time at Bar Zingaro or are they only a limited run?
For future reference;  TaKAshi vs. TaKEshi.   So now what....even the names look the same?!?
AWH HES SO CUTE
I’ll literally buy everything if I was there
We need more burger related videos. FACT
I saw his art exhibit recently in Vancouver, Canada it was SICK!
to think he was once a guest on sean in the wild. come so far to now hist arguably the best segment on the show.
Takashi Murakami 69
I MISSED YOU MAN!
I don't understand why people make burgers out of wagyu, since the reason it's so expensive is its perfect fat marbling and grinding it into patties ruins the marbling. At least it sounds fancy though.
Is anyone else not bothered by the $22 PRICE POINT JESUS
So glad 6ix9ine turned his life around and became a burger chef.
Some A holes in the comments. Yes he's fat, no he's not getting fatter with each episode. He did a good job making Murakami feel comfortable. Get it Alvin
tekashi 69’s big homie
Doesnt this japanese dude design spooky album covers for ye?
the price point is actually incredible.
I didn't know tekashi was a chef
First



We Feast
Love his art tho, remember when it was on LV for awhile
In n out squad where you at?
Eating one of these temporarily takes you back to Feudal Japan where you get to fight as a Samurai for 15 minutes.
"Burger thing or something" hahahh
CAN WE GET MORE EPISODES PLEASE
A burger that's fried ain't a burger
People don’t understand how much Takeshi is a modern Da Vinci and god in japan (An maybe around the world) .  Like complex is stepping up in life with this video.
Teskashi 69 making burgers 👀
Hawaii 🤙🏽
My friend, Ze chef, actually cooks everything. I just draw Hello Kitty flowers on them.
The only Tekashi we need
Scroll down 8 comments to view the first "I'm worried for his health" comment
2:04 When you don't understand the joke but you're really into them.
Is this show ever going to get good?
Dang prison really changed Takashi.
please show me the clip where he puts his head through the flower hole once again, didn´t see it enough times, thnx
Complex Con? these cons are getting outta control
In N Out (not animal style) is basically Wendy's. Don't @ me.
I know you’re living life 
But you keep living like this 
Then you’re not gunna 
Live much longer
YES THIS MY FAVORITE SHOW
Alvin Cailan laugs like Eddie Huang HAHA
WOW A LEGEND ON HERE!
Shaved Chinese truffles on that burger?
This... IS ART
Takashi 6ix9ine is out of jail fam
this was wonderful
Does Takashi Murakami have a physical location? I need to have that burger!
having subtitles is a little harsh and unneeded, his English is really good!!
$37..
$22.00 for a $1.80 veggie burger?
😂😂😂 22$ with a patty and 22$ without dudes a rip-off artist
Ultimate Burger
Burger show!!!
Tashski had fuckall to do with the burger ingredients..... just put a flower on top
This show is becoming really disappointing….
6ix9ine got old 


(joke)
Saaaaauuuuceeee Gaaaaaaaang
I missed this burger show... and the one w/ N.O.R.E. :-(
Eating burgers with Takashi 6ix9ine
Takashi is the most wholesome human being
i NEED a full episode ...NEED it
$22 for a burger is crazy
I wonder if Alvin was shy or really high, his explosive laughter was killing me 😂😂
You should get Sal, Q, Murr, and Joe from impractical jokers to do an episode of hot ones with you.
Murakami has literally turned into a cartoon of himself.  He hasn't had credibility as an artist in years.
Is it just me or is alvin slowly transitioning to a burger himself...
How 🦐 many 🦐 shrimps 🦐 do 🦐 you 🦐 have 🦐 to 🦐 eat Before 🦐 you 🦐 make 🦐 your 🦐 skin 🦐 turn 🦐 pink Eat 🦐 too 🦐 much 🦐 and 🦐 you'll 🦐 get 🦐 sick Shrimps 🦐 are 🦐 pretty 🦐 rich
He's so adorable tho
This nice. I like
PLEASE GET IMPRACTICAL JOKERS ON HOT ONES
BURGERS ABOVE ALL
He gives you a high quality product with different stuff inside and you gave him kind of a basic burger in exchange, well played :) Thx for this one.
WHOLE SQUAD EATIN’ BURGERS I LIKE BURGERS TOO!
tomato: dig it
lettuce: nice
veggie tempura: now were talkin
wagyu: wagyu has amazing fat marbling, but if you are making ground beef you can just add more fat so, eh. more expense than flavor.
bunch of truffles: eh... now we're talking more expensive than enjoyable

looks like a good burger, but im seeing a lot of "eddys vanilla icecream with a solid gold spoon" in it
Oh my god is this the guy who sculpted "my lonesome cowboy'"?
weird flex but ok
dope as hell
tekashi six nine
Oh my god I need to try that burger!
Yes burger show!!
kind of like having a visibly spice-addicted presenter on a weed show
Kids See Ghost is one of the best albums of the year
A combo from the best of both worlds!
$24.00 bruh
This dude needs to stop talking about shake shack and in n' out! Every video he's in!!!
Seems like a pretty down to earth guy.
FUK YEAH TAKASHI
MORE CONTENT!!!
I will design you
Happy burgers :)
This man look more anime than anime
Takashi 6ix9ine
My favourite artist
For those who don’t know Takeshi been in the game for a long time. One of the legends. This isn’t new but for you hypebeast cringe kids there you go
Imagine he thought he will "design you" from moment he saw you. Before you said a single word.
Takashi is CHILL AF
That burger is just wow
Loool dude came dressed as a colourful burger
So I love Hot Ones... it’s the main reason I subscribed to First We Feast... but when I watch it I think “man, I could go for some buffalo wings right now”. The Burger Show speaks to me on a level that when I watch it, it makes me wanna travel the country, and experience all these different regional foods, not just the burgers!
such a humble dude man
The host is going to die soon if he doesn't make drastic changes.  Hopefully he has a good support system
Im a in n out man myself... that burger is to Artistic too enjoy...
LOTTA MURAKAMI IN THE HALLWAY
I haven’t had the privilege of eating at a In and Out or Shake Shack   But does Five Guys count?
I want to yeet this yeast.
Takashi 69
Takeshi Murakami just does whatever he wants, he's one of the coolest and chillest artist alive today!
Dude...
Takashi senpai neeeds to come to Texas and try Whataburger. I feel like they are right up his alley.
DAVE ATTEL  HOT ONES
Why is he cosplaying like a DJ's Icon that turned into a bath bomb?
im worried about this hosts health though
This guy, Action Bronson, and Matty Mathison should do a wait loss challenge. Follow my boy Eddy Huang and lose some god damn wait.
Whataburger if your about that life
...im hungry. Dx
Just looks like a heart attack & an expensive shit I haven't had yet.
Uncultured swine making 69 comments
IT'S BACK!
“My god make it stop” - this dudes arteries
Really wanted Sean to be in this Video
I'm so hungry now!
I will design you.
so does this guy like, enjoy being 400 pounds. like cmon man people wanna see you healthy. like dont give people a reason to not even touch burgers. you can do it, we believe. i know its burgers above all, but yknow it should be health and long life before burgers, so you can continue to enjoy burgers.
i love his costume
0:28 Was that Lil Pump or Kanye? 🤔
22 dollars for a single and 24 with drink yaaaaaaa no.
I honestly thought my man died...
Do a Hot Ones episode with the impractical jokers
Tr3yWay!!
Nice video. Stay healthy dude
Start a diet bro
So this is David Suzuki's day job? On a more serious note: YOU NEED TO GET HEALTHY!
Exercising regularly and being healthy means I can eat lots of stuff that unhealthy ppl can't. The more I exercise, the more I can eat/drink
let me guess, the burger is like 50 bucks lol
$22 seems like a steal for a burger that nice
Lol make that money $22
We need Lucy Liu on the show!
Murakami is a godsend
Takashi looks like my favorite Japanese singer Masato Shimon
Takashi70
No wonder it looks like it costs 22$ per burger...it has the real truffles in it.
So this guy invented bitcoin???
ive been trying to eat an Egg Slut Burger for long time now but every time ago to buy one there are 100 people in line -.-
Pretty Patties, anyone?
This dude needs the gym
the only takashi the world will ever care about.
CHONK
Hey! Dont swear!
very spicy lol
Why are there subtitles when Takashi speaks English, but none when he speaks Japanese?
Early af
"Burgers are my heart." Burgers are great but I hope that they don't take you away from us. Trust me, as a get guy to another fat guy: you should probably make a change. Even a small change in the right direction is better than nothing (eating a little healthier, getting a bit more exercise, etc).
Next should be the mid west
takashi 69 any1?
END ANIME
Hungry now
dope
It's actually $22 not including the truffle, truffle's $15 extra!
Legendary
Or Something.
$22 for a burger...
He is god
How can I get this burger?
So this is where 69 got his inspiration for his look!
ahasashas
3:30 “I will destroy you”
I didnt think I would be saying this but $22 dollars for that burger seems pretty cheap.
Why do I watch these videos when I just so happen to be starving?
I want a hot ones with him
All of America has asked for 'Nardwuar' to be on Hotones.
When U Notice Tekashi 69 & Zillakami Were Influenced By This Man
COME OUT TO SAN  JOSE AND TRY KONJOE BURGER! I EAT THERE ALL THE TIME AND CANT EAT A BURGER ANYWHERE ELSE! I SWEAR TO EVERYTHING!
Always with the cheese.... 😒
Tattoo a 69 on his face and rainbow color his hair
Wow😮😮very creative..
Super cool burgers...😛😆
Finally it’s back !!
Get Norm
Whataburger
Wtf this guy is back??
Yooooooo this where 6ix9ine gOt his whOle fuckn style frOm!! 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 Shyt crazy
Throwin down the gauntlet... Im so-Cal born and raised and I think freddies steakburger is better than in-n-out.
I need more the burger show episodes pleaseee
I don't think you should be eating meat, you're dying.
i would buy that bib
No. Our question is what the hell is he wearing?
I feel like this guy tries to be Matty Matheson
If he gets any bigger he might be a threat to the world due to ripping a hole in the space time continuum. I think an intervention needs to be staged. Shaun, get on this please. I don't want my children to die.
Man if Alvin doesn't watch out the camera men gotta take a step back to get him into the shot.
Sry to say but you need to live healthier
69
I love you all.
Alvin the obese chipmunk is still alive? The heart attack is long over due.
First we feast needs to hit Action Bronson up hard whilst he's an available host!!!! Could take the channel to that next level for sure
6969
They both look good. Now the one with jalapeño can't really be that spicy, it's just jalapeño. Try some habanero or ghost pepper on it,  that will spice it up. I reccomend that people stay away from Carolina reaper peppers however, they really are simply too hot.
69 stole his name. Haha
Anilyst
Whats that guy wearing man?
LIT
didn't he go to jail?
Oh my god I’m so jellies of both of y’all
I'd be down to drop $40 on a burger like this. Done it before at five guys and to be honest In n out is way better than five guys
Just resubbed to this channel because of the latest Hot Wings challenge.  Didn't understand why I unsubbed.  Now I remember.  Good content, utterly horrific editing.  Put it on a different channel, PLEASE.
Waiting for the Nebraska episode of the Burger Show. If you're going to do a show on burgers, you may as well make one with the best beef available in the states.
This was dope
I want an ‘In and Out’ custom bib.
this host sucks
Looks like Asian Leo
Infinite Wheel?  Anyone.....that flower?  Play the dub petals...infinite wheel?
Burger was trash. Not worth
why is everyone roasting this dude, just because he is a bit bigger doesn't mean he eats unhealthy smh
This dude is a great artist!! he did the cover art for Kanye’s Album “Graduation” and til this day him and Kanye are boys, l
Does all Japanese sounded like pink guy in English
Yes comment more on the man's weight im sure he has NEVER been told about it by actual people he cares about like friends and family im sure he cares way more about a randos words in the comment section more. YALL DID IT i'm sure you just saved him GG GUYS.
In n Out is still basic.
Isn't that Eggslut guy?
In N Out is trash compared to Shake Shack no cap.
This guy is simply too fat to have a food show
I thought it was 69
Never had either restaurants.  Don't even know what shake shack is :(
Idk why it's hard to watch this show..it seems like he can have a heart attack any minute..i feel bad saying this but it's the truth.. i love the show and all but idk it's hard to watch a "big guy" talk about food... and I'm not paying $22 dollars for a burger.. ok maybe just once but sheesh..
$22 for a burger and if you want a drink it $24???? Got damn. I get it has truffles in it but got damn that a hefty price.
Asian 69
I clicked on this thinking it would be a different takashi...
Yooo did you lose a little weight?
$22 yeesh
offfffffffffffffff
He’s so fat
Over 4 million subscribers and not enough support for these bomb videos
The host is both ugly and far
This guys like "the Feds accidently rush my food trucks and restaurants at least twice a week. They always ask me 'Wheres Takashi'... 'Right here??' He always replies... instantaneously the party dies." Supplies packed; Costco sized tubs of Astroglide, 17 Black dild0's, 14 Yiung M.A. **strizzies and 5' foot 2" Full-Body-Leather-Gimp suits from Pulp Fiction all get thrown back in the **trunk**" {maybe next time guys, } as they reminisce about listening to beyonce, passing 69's alive but broken ass "to the left, to the left."
TREWAY
He doesn’t really have to eat 100% clean. He’s just gotta start training and going to the gym like a beast. I’m worried about his health it would be cool to see him lose the weight. I know it’s not our place to judge but everyone here is worried.
nvm
why did you subtitle him?
Any episode could be the last with how morbidly obese he is.
What actions are yall really taking to help this guy other than commenting under a video they wont pay attention to?
😮🍔🤤🤓🤗
Obesity is not a disease its fukn laziness
Thank Kanye west for putting most young Americans 30 and under on to this artist. Don't pretentiously act like you knew about the guy before that because you didn't
KIDS SEE GHOSTS
Kids see ghosts
.
Kids See Burgs
He's actually bigger than Takashi in that costume. I really wish he would stop eating burgers, now I feel bad and depressed. :(
HERE BEFORE 5 MILLION
Free 6ix9ine
$22 ? Even for the experiences, still not worth it.

#TeamPizza
You need a shave and a different disposition. Host, you are disgusting and extremely uninteresting. I don’t know why they keep producing this show but my guess is that it makes the viewers feel better about themselves.
Anyone else thought this had to do with  6ix9ine
Tekashi old 9
Aren't Wagyu burgers pointless since you can control the fat percentage of a burger? I think that's just a waste of really good steak.
Hey did you guys know Alvin was from Southern California?  Holy shit, mind blowing information he tells us every. single. time.  Squash this fool and reboot with a better host.
22 bucks for a vege burger with nothing special except vege tempura, 22 bucks for a wagyu burger with no discerning features except a vege tempura. Both charge additional 15 bucks for perigold truffle, so 37 bucks for a vege burger and same price for a wagyu burger? GTFOH, I'll take 18 mcdonalds cheeseburgers thanks
Dang prison changes a man
Some guy called 'Tekashi 6ix9ine' stole your name
Whataburger  is the best...by default.
First we feast is liiiiiiiit!
6ix9ine hiding in plain sight
What’s up burger world!!!!???
Damn thought 6ix9ine was making us some jail house burgers!
love your vids
America x Japan
I don’t understand why anyone would choose in & out. They are terrible. I question this mans tastes.
Some people in the comment section can't handle the price of the burger without thinking about the value of the ingredients... be happy that you can buy it, because this burger is life; this burger is love
takashi.. more like tekashi in prison..
Forgive me....there were too many flippant comments regarding the same thing.  However, I have a very geniune, honest question concerning your good deeds....and they ARE GOOD!!!  But, do those meals, which are deperately needed, and you wonderfully provide (you have to believe me, I am not being a dink here) come at a price, and the price being sitting down and listening to the (this is an atheist about to say something crazy!!) the wonderful teachings of Jesus?  I only ask this because evey Sunday when I go to the park with my daughter, in Tokyo, there are Japanese 7-days, doing what I think is good, but the price for it is for the children played with to sit down and watch a puppet show of the OT....these are kids who have know idea (I was raised RC.....I  get Christianity...they DO not!!) I have an active dialouge with them(the 7 days)....I respect them totally for what they do.....until they say sit down and listen to us.  When they play with the kids who have no friends....it`s beautiful!!!  But is the playing only an ulterior motive?  Shouldn`t they be happy for spreading happiness, while retaining their absolute faith?  This is an honest question, which unfortuently is difficult to communicate with them.  So, I leave it to you.....
Tekashi 6ix9ine?!
Who came bc they thought it said tekashi69?
Needs more eggs
"right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right"
Right





He said it 55 times
The perfect burger is made with love
5:31 "Oh yeah, you gotta do both" the way this was edited makes him look like a weirdo
“Right, right, for sure, right, right, yeah, right right right right right right right, yeah, for sure, right, right, right , right”
Keep your racism off my food
any metal gear solid might know this to be the perfect burger: THE BURGERS OF KAZUHIRA MILLER
The perfect burger has good cheese on it
Whenever you talk science people get intimidated and throw out words like "oh mommy!"
This science man has some strong feelings about MSG.
5:35 cringe
"Science"
This is torturous. I want it. But I'm lazy and don't wanna cook.
dude been to the strip club before 11:39
I dont like these clickbait titles. last time it was 'how to get the most in an all you can eat K-BBQ restaurant' and there really was no good advice. this time it's "the perfect burger according to science" but there was, again, no 'perfect' burger, and nothing 'according to science' that supported the non-existent burger. all you talked about was surface area and some random science bits here and there that didnt really help justify the title
yeah
yeah
right
yeah
right 
right
yeah
right
ok
Assisted customers, before, during, and after orders
Assist customers by answering questions they may have regarding the website, products, promos, shipping, etc
Have clear and effective communication skills (both written and oral)
Works well with others, but can work well alone
Provide accurate information to customers regarding lead times, back orders and discontinued items
Able to analyze and prioritize multiple task
Help increase revenue and provide value to customers by offering promotions and/or upsells
Worked with co-workers and other departments effectively in order to solve problems
Handled customer contacts via phone, mail, fax, internet, and email
Helped train new trainees and other co-workers in other departments
Next week team up with Kazuhira Miller to make the ultimate hamburger. "He will griddle your 🍔 like a 🎻"
I'd love to see an episode on cooking with other types of exotic red meat, non-beef meat.
None of these are the Perfect burger to me because i am a classic cheeseburger fan   but one thing is for sure  , you guys get a zero in the mushroom game.
Still i would hit that smash burger lol
People blamed MSG for making them sick not because they were feigning illness in order to spew hatred toward the Chinese and their cuisine, but because synthesized MSG wasn't used in other American contexts at the time. People did get sick, but it wasn't the MSG. It was just the low hygiene standards of crappy hole-in-the-wall restaurants, and it was that kind of crappy ultra-cheap takeout experience where most Americans first experienced Chinese (or "Chinese") food. It's much easier to explain all biases with a hand-wave of "racism" than to actually examine how they came about, but it's wrong. MSG additives are chemically the same as the naturally occurring MSG in foods, and in moderate use don't cause illness. But poor food safety might. I've gotten food poisoning from some really sketchy low-quality Chinese restaurants in my own neighborhood. It wasn't the MSG, if they even used it. It was  the low food safety standards you see in a lot of really low-end restaurants and food carts, whether of an ethnic cuisine or not. I eat ethnic foods from some really clean food carts, but there are those who are not good about handling money and making sure everything is fully cooked and clean and up to standard. Food safety is an issue with all kinds of restaurants.
"so im gonna go ahead and hit the gas flame oven with my gas flamed broiler tor-" KABOOOOOOM
why did this not happen
5:41
Dude, that's just a college burger 
when you have random favorite ingredients, and a lot of ketchup condiments...
The return of the babish dowel !
0:23 >Fancy
>Cast Iron

Really niqquh?
1. Umami means savory, which is already a flavor. So why call it umami instead of savory?
2. Me and my bf went to Umami burger and were so unimpressed that we were shocked when we later found out it was fairly famous, thought it was just the bar food in the SLS.
3. You are using science to explain burgers, but not how to make the perfect burger according to science, you just say umami a lot like that is the only thing that matters when making a burger taste good.
Squid brand nam pla is fine, but I prefer Tiparos fish sauce.
It's Bill Nye the Burger Guy!
I own and love the Searzall. Thank you for this invention.
I  love your shows, it makes me hungry every time. Great work!! its just like seans work
How to Make the Perfect Burger According to Science
Be a nerd chief.
Drinking Game:
Take a shot every time he says "Right"
Jeez it's like your rediscovering what's already known......study gastronomy we already know what savory is
Edit: Are they eating this food while drunk???
Edit#2: they tried so hard to be edgy....
LOVE IT! MSG-Haters are rassists!
Season finale Quadruple bypass? Not heart attack grill reference. but it is
New game, take a shot every time he says right.....




.....RIGHT
Yes! Science Burgers! Thanks for making me smarter and hungrier!
I love whoever edited this
Drinking game: Take a shot every time he says "right"
Right, right, right ;) Great video as always.
Right right right right right right right right right right right right right right
Thank You this is awesome informative and Tasty
7:11 my guy did a 30 hit combo
Descargar las ultimas peliculas del año en ESPAÑOL/english FULL HD
por MEGA

TITAN = http://www.shrink-service.it/prototype.php?_t=s&_a=CSeGZW

godzilla city on the = 

los vengadores infinity war  = 

Pantera Negra = 
>Imagine still believing the salt blood pressure hypothesis
Burger in the thumbnail doesn't look that tasty at all
Ketchup on a burger destroys the meat so why even pay attention to cooking it?
im still anti-msg, but thanks for the smash burger tip.
legit reminded me of braddah iz on that pool scene
I wasn't fully convinced this was actually a burger science show, but then you froze a burger with liquid nitrogen and smashed it for absolutely no reason with zero follow-up - just like scientists do!
Do a hot ones for metalheads with one of the following

M. shadows - Avenged Sevenfold
Synyster Gates - Avenged Sevenfold
Corey Taylor - Slipknot
Kirk Hammet - Metallica
Ozzy Ozzbourne
Ivan Moody - Five Finger Death Punch
funny thing, food scientists don't wear lab coats
6:53 His only reaction is "right".
This dude looks like Gabriel Iglesias 🤣🤣🤣🤣
God damn FWF y’all killing this man.
Kaz's Chemical Burger
The editors should have done a "right" count during the scene with the bored
S C I E N C E!
Lol that pool scene is a nice touch.
Digging that ODB - shimmy BGM background music.
I've been watching this show all day!  Burgers is my passion!  I like to study "Burger Theory!" I've learned so much from this show!  Thank you for what you do.  You are are like Tony Hawk but with burgers!  Peace brotha!  d[o_O]p
I'm a chef I don't watch alot of food shows.   I never miss an episode. Great job .
Gordon Ramsay's Shook
Alvin has the creepiest beard ever.
I didn't think ketchup and fish sauce goes well. Imma try it tho
pool scene had me dying. was not expecting that XD
"You both are making me hungry😋!"
Needs more heart-burn
Nah, just get really hungry. Hunger is the best spice after all.
Say Umami one more time. I dare you ! lol
Thats what I'm talking about!  This video rocks! Cooking is Chemistry:)
Is there gonna be a next season?
the outro song sounds like 'People Under The Stairs'
I guess they filmed this in heaven.
Hosted by Alvin "Right" Cailan.
It can be 120 degrees and that benie will never come off
Hoppin for that season 3! Curry one seems intresting but Burger show is my main show!
My old Chinese boss at his restaurant: "Customer love oil and MSG" laughs in chinese
ihob already mastered this.
umami is not a thing.  prove me wrong and define it without using 'sweet', 'salty', 'bitter', or 'sour'.
Whenever a title says "according to science" I cringe
Look my Strange Magnetic Rock =)
This is filmed in such a bright white room you’d think he died 
And was in some weird Version of heaven
>inb4 the inevitable 30,000 fat comments.
Did he stick his unprotected hands in liquid nitrogen to pull out the burger?
Salivation over 9000
Make it vegan, then it’s perfect!
MSG  - the scare is all just folklore ? 
I put up the Accent couple yrs ago, maybe need to bring it back out?
Still freaked out about feeding it to my kids.
Burger show needs a new host. Alvin needs to take time off this show.
I know this ain't hot ones but I need Matt Stonie on the show
Don't listen choose better food or frsh shld JCP to shop at I hate e commerce and competition of frsh
Me look at the intro with all thoes yummy burgers and me over here like *rip im eating A FLAT mc donalds burger
Take a shot everytime the host says: Right
shouldve buttered and toasted both sides of each bun, 5/10
just think of MSG as salt. Its basically the same thing, a sodium flavor booster. Yea ur not suppose to have alot of salt as a rule of thumb. Im not suggesting to substitute MSG for salt, tho id be curious what would happen
This is so cool! Thank you, science man!
Best episode ever. Science makes me so hungry !
Double double and animal style fries and call it a night.
umami burger umami burger umami burger umami ketchup umami burger umami burger umami mushroom umami burger

someone should edit together all the "umami"s in this video
I love my searzall  steaks with the sous vide machine
Alvin is not a good host. Literally all his replies when someone talks is 'right' and some occasional 'yeah'. I left the video once it started to become really obnoxious.
Krabby Patties  are better
Kombu is a kelp - you could probably find that easier than going by the Japanese name.
Stop saying umami like a damn hipster! Say savory!
Send this to your least favorite vegan.
How to make the perfect burger, never stop adding meat
I watched a ramen video and the dude, who was the chef of a ramen restaurant in New York, said that he can smell "MSG." I commented saying that it was bullshit and so many wackos jumped to his defense.

MSG is just fine. People have been eating it for a hundred years now. It's also occurs naturally in a variety of foods according to the FDA.

You propagandists against MSG are retarded. And yes, I'm sure that they are right in saying that the anti-MSG propaganda has racist roots.
I never knew Dougie Jones invented the SearsAll!
count how many times he said "right"
Bad vid, you explained nothing. Got close a couple of times. I am really disappointed you didn't deliver on your initial promise.  Bad move. Super sad. Not mad, just sad... you can do better...
O dear !!! I want to test this Perfect Burger. This will be really Yame
How to complicate cooking a hamburger.
...u should be doing the salad show....but w.e.
10 dollars to who ever tells me how many times that man said “RIGHT” 😂😂😂😂😂
Nice concept, like the idea.
Sidenote, please shave
i tried something different the other day , i smoked some patties at a very very low temp heavy on the smoke , then threw them on the open flames to sear them and actually cook them since the smoking temp was so low they weren't going to cook at all.  everyone loved them , also smoked the onion.
I always regret watching these videos. I'm hungry :(
5:35 "oh yea gotta do both!"
SCIENCE!!!
You should make a perfect salad, how bout that?
smashburger layered with the parm crisp and seared mushroom....ultimate umami burger!
Do the spicy Wings interview with idubbbz
Dude i love this im a real Burger Fan but than again i Love Mostly all food love the channel
MSG!!!!!!!
... oh, the entire video was an ad for "umamiburger". Thanks for telling us guys.
Flashbacks to the McChicken video....NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Cooking is thermodynamics applied to biochemistry.
Bro #1 ingredient is actually love
i dont know, ask SpongeBob for the best burger..
Personally always prefer a fresh element mixed in... a slice of tomato, a lettuce... something to balance the heaviness.
The perfect burger has meat in it
You like krabby patties, don't you squidward?
No disrespect to these gentlemen,but all that goes through my mind is "Douché“
Take a shot everytime someone says Umami 😂
👍🤤🤤👍🔥🔥👍
"So snake, what do you think about the genetically modified burgers?"
ooft!!!!!!! gimme
Nice lock down on the "MSG= Racism" fact
I like mayonnaise in my burger with other sauces.
Thanks for telling us guys.!!!
If you're reading this... 
I hope something unexpectedly good happens to you this week 
I really do ❤❤
Man that stuff looks good


😋
Anyone notice that giant zit on back of his neck roll?  That's the special sauce!
Jesus Christ Alvin you're a good host but you gotta get your health under control if you want to keep doing the show
I watched food wars and they talked about it so much but I had never heard of it before
There’s a great video of Dave making a patty melt in his NY apt. It was epic.
Make Tasty Great Again!
Kratom & CBD helps with bulging disk back pain and Crohn’s disease.  July 27th is my Birthday if you have any 😂
7:20 A H  R I G H T
I've found that Portuguese buns have a denser quality and crisps/chars better when grilled on a flat top or pan compared to Hawaiian sweet bread. The Portuguese breads have an almost potato bread quality to it whereas Hawaiian bread (particularly the popularized "King's Hawaiian" brand) have a light fluffy texture (both are great for french toast if you haven't tried). Having said that, I'm sure it's all in what you're used to or what you can get your hands on. For anyone looking to test these techniques, try a side by side and see what I mean!  

There's my two cents, thanks for reading. Looking forward to more episodes - keep up the awesome work and stay magical!
Take a shot every time he says right...don‘t do it
These big videos on desktop are messing with me.
My comment isn't a comment, for some reason.
Show Gordon Rasmay this lol.
Wonder if he will say Shake shack or In and Out??
P.s. There was No Umami in that burger except for the name #StopTheBullsh** #Foh
Oh my god shave that rat beard!!!   Face it!  You can’t grow facial hair!!!  Stop trying!!
Gordon Ramsay would disapprove.
"Yeah Science"
I like a fully cooked burger, if its still bleeding in the middle, that shit aint cooked.  Not a fan of raw ground beef.  Smash burger looks amazing.
Lost me at MSG.  I eat processed foods enhanced with MSG, even without knowing - 6 hour headache from hell.  I rarely get headaches.  The racism comment in the video was kind of unnecessary.  Also who says, "Com-poh-nents"
Who knew that John Cusack is the master burger maker.
The perfect frankenburger! - Miller
Racism: because it's easier to call people evil than it is to actually figure out why they feel a certain way.
8:21 Omg... Me daydreaming in class when it's almost lunchtime.... XD
Thank, your videos are amazing. Gotta make some burgers now!
alvin’s laugh eerily reminds me of tuco salamanca
3:00 : Two minutes of googling shows a study titled "Deciphering the MSG controversy" which states:

"We demonstrated that (1) Treatment with MSG induces a dose-dependent swelling and death of mature neurons (12-14 days in culture) with little effect on young immature neurons (<1 week in culture). The threshold concentration of MSG for neuronal injury is 3 µM"

"In conclusion, our studies suggest that the headaches caused by MSG intake may be related to its injurious effect on brain neurons. Although the brain does not register pain because of the lack of nociceptors, the increase of intracranial pressure due to cell swelling is well known to cause headaches. "

Additionally, the study was done by: Jennifer S. Xiong, Debbie Branigan, and Minghua Li. So I doubt racism was a factor in the conclusion of said study.
As I biochemist myself I approve of this episode.
"Gotta do both"
5:35 who tf told this man to act the way he did
The perfect burger is wet
Smash burger tips- do get that heavy duty turner, which will have a tapered end that you can use to scrape the burger off the pan.  Also when pressing, swivel the turner as you go to pull it away- helps the burger not peel up off the pan.
Good lord man! This looks delicious!
MSG is good for you. Keep eating it everyone.
When I said last episode u should change your clothes, I didn't mean put a lab coat over the same shit you've been wearing all season😂😂🤣
Please do the rice burger from vancouver BC
the perfect burger doesn't include cheese
I loved the frozen burger being hit with the hammer. It looked pretty cool. 😎
bro, chill on the burgers n go to the gym & cardiologist
Anthony Bourdain would’ve explained everything so eloquently and poetic yet give very specific details about the food, why god why
It's really more of a sensation than a taste
the perfect burger was the second one.
bun
pickle
cheese
meat
bun
you don't need anything else.
Why'd he say right so much
Two guys one burger.
The perfect burger is made with the krabby patty formula.
Its 2018, im not even suprised when people make everything racist.
I feel like Gordon Ramsay is like cursing the whole time while watching this vid
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC487AVZzwbT4bio-zkAaW6g
oh yeah. gotta do both
Literally couldnt have picked a worse host for this series
“dave, welcome to our HEAVEN”
It’s bill nye the burger guy
Better RECOGNIZE that food is science! and science is LIFE!
U H M O M M Y
New drinking game. Take a drink every time Alvin says "Right"
Wtf how can you put your hand in liquid nytrogen without wearing a protective glove?
Today I learned fish sauce and ketchup can mix
You made me so hungry I'm going to make me a juicy burger now . . 😋🍔
anyone else think they put too much fish sauce in the ketchup? fish sauce is hella salty
The crispy one had bad meat you can tell by their faces
Now I want a new McDonald's quarter pounder!!! So good
that scientist is both incredible and super adorable!!!!!!
Ain't the "perfect burger" but it's alright
Still really confused by the concept of umami... is it MSG and salty flavor or the earthy flavor like mushrooms?
"RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT"
This guy looks so much like John Cusack
This science chef dude is awesome
Thought I heard a bong for a second.
6:35 Do I hear some Wu Tang?
heart attack 101
The host is great but hopefully he will realize sooner than later that he needs to get his health under control.
omg did you here the news!?!?



Read more
That burger looks amazing! I'm so jealous.
“You gotta do both. ‘Oh yeah! You gotta do both’” lol
8:21 me anytime someone explains something to me 😂👏🏼
Do a line of coke every time he says “right”
His daydreaming sums up trying to survive in class.
High tech cooker lol
Dude's out of his mind... Grabbed the burger out of the liquid nitrogen with his bare hands. Wtf?
nice edit. Twas solid viewing pleasure
yet we never get the perfect spot
I’m hungry now after seeing this video! Lol😂
Haven't had a chance to eat today so this video is basically torture, but I gotta get my Alvin fix!
Dam I thought i was a food scientist
What about the perfect burger according to math ?
The scientist doesn’t give any science when he makes a claim
Quite a long ways from perfect....but to each their own.....
Alvin ate the chipmunks
Science has been wrong multiple times...
Kryptos tastes like both
I want my MSG!!
When you have no neck, its probably time to stop making food
RIGHT
This just made me Hungry ASF
You guys need to go to Soccoro, NM.... Get some Hatch Green Chile cheese burgers... There's two competing resturants in that town, each claiming to have the original. You guys should take a trip and try them, they're both pretty dang good.
The perfect burger is the sonic burger. K
I'll just stick to eating the toxic waste from fast food
Cool thing and colors? Lol I be like that in science class
What did the librarian say to the student?



Read more
This guy thinks every burger is high-quality.
God this guy is a hack.
"If you believe Chinese Restaurant Syndrome, you raycis!"
Listen, people don't report flushing, sweating, chest pain, and weakness among other symptoms they're getting from eating at Chinese restaurants as if it's a placebo or some-such.
MSG sensitivity (or at the very least sensitivity to foods that often  contain MSG)  is real documented thing.
1337!
Yeah...... I decided im just




 going to drive to McDonald's instead. 😄🍟🍔
"Oh yeah, gotta do both!"
Alvin... Try a soft bake pretzel as a bun....
I’ve learned so much 😂
bad lab technique. No gloves or goggles or anything :(
To the right of this video is "Gordon Ramsey's perfect burger tutorial".
Thanks for your video. But I am hungry now.
yall was alright until the end , 
just had to do something stupid and destructive,  if smashing a wasted burger was supposed 2b kool , it was CORNY .
So umami can be find in ANY food. Umami is basically flavor perfection you have to make things right for it TO umami
The "science" guy looks like if Todd Howard was a used car salesman.
6:32 that laugh I can't get it out from my head
yea you guys are missing the BBQ
This discount Alton Brown was not good
Did he just put his bare hands into liguid nitrogen?
First you have to get outside and light the charcoal. Also you have to have good friends around.
I already understand the fish sauce and so on but this is taking too much time. I'll take my smashburger homemade the way it is, thanks.
You guys make me hungry😋
great video! love the host! keep up the great work chef!
Awesome informative episode guys, really loved it!
Answer to the question: put as much bacon, cheese, avocado, and ketchup as it can fit.
i like this science dude he seemed more real then most of the ppl so far
Please tone down the brightness
The hamburgers on Kazuhira Miller
Not sure what Kazuhira Miller would think of this...
#3 trending in USA 🇺🇸
That pool sequence 😂😂
I'm all for a good burger but the one in the thumbnail looks like it was found in the trash...
there is something to be said about the OKLAHOMA ONION BURGER. born out of depression era tactics, dumb bomb to those that haven't tried it.
That's not how sciece works. Put on some lab coats and slap "science" to anything.
This host has absolutely no stage presence at all. No charisma, no improvisational skills. It all makes for a very awkward presentation of some otherwise great show concepts. First We Feast should really consider replacing this host.
When I see good food I want to learn to cook from a chef, specially a master chef from japan. They know how to work with food!
Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right Right
Searzall is one of my favorite tools, you can use it to make food taste and look delicious.
Perfect burger is a burger with pepper-jackcheese or american, grilled onions, BBQ sauce and sour cream... try it =)
The mf hashbrown burger from IHOP is slept on so hard
How many times did they say "umami"?! It's like if someone was making a video about cake and kept on saying "moist" #cringe
I'm a physicist and sous chef I would love to go up against this guy for fun.
I never heard of “Chinese Restaurant Syndrome” 🧐
i need this food-science guy hovering over my shoulder at all times when i go to start cooking... just whispering wisdom into my ears
Take a shot every time they say umami. 
If you want to die.
Someone get a hold of Kaz and codetalker
Passion, love and a good hot grill makes the best burgers.  Let me come on your show First We Feast folks!  I'll help you rock some killer burgers!  Be careful using that "Umami" word...  Their lawyers threatened me with legal action.
(｡･ω･｡)ﾉ♡
Kaz would be proud
The Ben Shapiro of burgers
HE HAS SOME BIGGO HANDS 🤔
12:53 that's some Demolition Man shit right there.
ExTrA onions please
The green screen is obvious in this video. Oh and come on FWF! No gloves, goggles or apron with the Liquid Nitrogen?! That's quite dangerous!
He's got HUGE hands
You forgot the chilli and jalapenos.
So...msg = racism.  Got it.  What?  People said Chinese restaurants were putting msg in their dishes.  They were but somehow pointing out the fact is "racist".

Face-palm thingy.
Do Hawkins burgers in compton
Oh yah gotta do both
Why am I watching this? I'm vegetarian!  Oh well, it's pretty interesting guess I'll continue.
It is not that MSG is bad for you, but what it is being used for that you should ask yourself.
MSG got a bad rap because  it is heavily used in restaurants (or packaged food) SPECIALLY to cover the fact that the food is  rancid - So because SOME establishments used it to make something you would probably never eat taste good, it got a bad rap,  which in some cases it was justified as the establishments were selling rancid food, but Chinese are not the only Race to blame for this misuse of this spice.
Maybe a few less burgers for you my dude.
Too much white. It's too bright.
Damn this almost as good as bofa
Scientists make no sense
🤔
i like the concept but alvin is just so uncharismatic and bland. hes terrible.
I'd pay to watch Alton Brown fight this guy.
Kaz Miller approves.
Talks about Science in cooking. There is literally no science at all followed in the video....
Just had to include some type of racism lecture in a burger show.
3:30 is about right
That "oh yeah, you gotta do both!..."
Science doesnt make perfect food, period.
muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda muda
Well I will admit I never thought to do this lol
Dude did not just put his uncovered hands into a pool of liquid nitrogen smh
Racist? Really? For disliking your favorite spice?

Real scientific arguments do not use ad hominem attacks.
The one guy is looking like a very fat version of smokepurpp
Love the intro
"science"  -

said by a guy who never studied anything about it
that 1st burger was too gorgeous, anyone else front tail wagging?
IVE BEEN BLIND TO THE POSSIBILITIES
Just ate lunch then watch this and I have never been more hungry in my life
according to science...we probably shouldn’t even eat burgers
Smash burgers are the best
I think this video was really made just to see how many times they could say umami
What? He stuck his hands in the liquid nitrogen to get the burger out why didn't his hands freeze?
They should’ve added a counter for all the times he said “right”
How is this "according to science"? I didn't see you showing any peer reviewed studies that you based this "perfect" burger of yours on. I think this was mostly based on IMO instead of actual real science. Based on IMO of a person who knows about food though, I'm not denying that. I'm just saying there was barely anything concerning actual science here, so the title is really clickbaity. 

I'd expect more from First We Feast than to clickbait me. I thought they were actually going to talk about a real scientifically proven "best burger" for the majority of people, but instead it was this... Well... What it was. Good tips for making a good burger and all, but clickbait regardless.
And the millionth "perfect" burger video on youtube...
I learned umami from food wars tbh
How about the perfect burger according to a doctor
Drinking game, take a shot arrytime they say umami or maillard....Good luck ;)....
I hate that you can't spell sandwich without sand...
Did this show ever bring True Burger into the mix?
"Right Right....Right...Right        Right........yeah"
Next just use pepper spray in your mouth
"right.... right... right... right.... yea.... right... alright"
"Cooking is a lot like science and a lot like chemistry."  No.  It is science, and more particularly chemistry.
A burger... to surpass Metal Gear
https://soundcloud.com/oungtatic/sets/smh-bro-i-cant-believe-u-did-that
This is so 


Read More
This guy is definitely sponsored by Big MSG.
Love this show, wouldn’t mind another season
It's based on how you want it
the only perfect burger is thec krabby Patty
Currently have 29 subs!
Aye MSG BURGER?
He said really right way to much times
I seen a shop that smashes the patty super flat before putting it in a pan then dredges it threw flow then puts it on a flat top. What are your thoughts on that?
بفتبفتفببتتسفتته
Looks and sounds gross! Perfect!
After watching this, I am even more convinced that: umami == pretentious (just like most French food, for example snails).  I'm adding a smiley at the end to take the sting out of my comment  :)
This Comment is a Comment
Take a shot every time they say “Umami”.
Thumbs down , due to the try to be funny stuff . Great job explaining the burgers .
Take a shot every time they say "right"
U-mommy...yea, she made good burgers
burgers are a guilty sin pleasure!
This needs a part 2
In the words of the great Mac Reynolds “science is a liar sometimes”
The krusty krab secret formula boys.
Dab everytime he says right
Not an actual scientist. Move along
5:36 ????????????
Take a shot every time he says "right"
Don’t bring up msg! People get their panties in a bunch lol
My mouth is watery 👄💦
This show needs a lot of work.
8:30 picture of health
Lol the sound when he starts punching his hand at 7:20ish haha
Needs more of that umami crap.
Today we'll make subjective statements and pretend they have merit by claiming to use "science".
Did you know this comment is perfect according to science?  It's true.
“How to have a heart attack” should be the title.
bikin ngiler!
Just go to the Krusty Crab
My friends, The Lord Yeshua is arriving soon! 

The Lord loves you!
The Word says that God so loved the world, He gave us His Only Begotten Son Yeshua, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. (John  paraphrased)

The Lord took our punishment by dying for us on the cross. He assured us of our redemption when He rose again the 3rd day! 

I pray you make Him Lord of your life today! 

He will forgive you, make you new, deliver you from your sins and from the judgement headed to this earth. 

All you need is mustard seed size faith and sincere words from your heart!!

For all those that call upon the Name of The Lord shall be saved! (Romans )

Shalom, friends!
I don’t need science to make a fukign hamburger
rating the show, because I wish it were better
Food quality 2/10 
Entertaining/interesting people 3/10
Concept 8/10 
Production execution 5-6/10

The main thing I’d like to complain about is the ingredients used, nearly everything, the cheese, the buns, the meat, and lastly, out of all the ingredients in the world, ketchup... mixed with umami flavor...

I’d like to point to 2chainz MES burger and say that even though they use the most expensive of ingredients, it’s not the price but rather the high quality that they use, that’s closer to reality of what people expect to cook at home and I’d say the quality I see in this show is closer to that you would find at a carls jr. Just use high quality ingredients for this show and it’d be a “competitor” to hot ones.
sweet 3 minutes in and someones calling something racist.
simplicity at it's finest.
8:22 I swear I did that too
I was expecting " the best way to cook a burger" like Heat over time. Flame grill or flat top. Steamed hams or roadt newhamburg steak.
Not stick a bunch of same-y flavoured toppings together. 

 This has nothing to do with science.  This is just a guy saying " Make everyintg savoury, one note and boring" Where are teh complimentary and contrasting taste and texture. Fat balanced by acid, Sweet and salty. Crunchy and soft. 
In terms of topping I much prefer somthing akin to a Brie cheese burger with tomato jam and pickled onion and some rocket for greens.  That or just give me Pappa burger with cheese and an Icecodl rootbeer.
This craze tht  "EVERYTHING IS SAVOURY ALL OTHER FLAVOURS SUCK!!!!!!!!!!" is stupid. You give a well known flavour a facy lone wordc and then drive one of the fundamental tastes into the freaking ground. 
B* our food was Umami before you even had a word for it.  This isn't new or exiting and Japan isn't the only country to use seaweed and fish sauce. If you liek Umami so much then why not double down on a black pudding patty with a Marmite aioli on a rye bun with a cow's liver pate. can't get more "umami" than that mate. and piling on all those savour flavours would as you should darn well figure would be both gross and indistict. 
You need variety man. Their Sweet salty sour savoury and bitter. not just savoury alone.
IHOB IS SHAKING
Gordon ramsay be quakin
I stopped watching this around.. 2:58
First We Feast should have Sean Evans host everything on their channel. He's the best host on FWF in my opinion.
everytime I watch this show I just think to myself; "man, I wish this was Sean"
Can it beat Gorson Ramseys burger?
Love this show but don't get why raw in the middle is the thing on all these cooking shows.How do you not get food poisoning???
Sean Evans style subscription plea.
Oh yeah yeah i love dem burgers yeah yeah
"If you don't believe in umami then you're a racist" 

Well straight into the trash this goes.
https://youtu.be/2lYbWEupOQk
You should get Randy Bo-Bandy from Trailer Park Boys on The Burger Show
The scientist was unpleasant to listen to
I've worked for both these cheap racist companies.
MSG isn't great for everyone. Some have adverse reactions, according to Mayo Clinic
The pickles are thicker than the patty.
the subtitles translate umami as 'whoo mammy'
This reminds me of that "unagi" episode from friends
Why are Alvin's hands bigger than his head?
I find it so weird that they don’t mix the seasonings in the burger... just on top
Take a shot every time he says “right”  😂
BurgerLordz
If you’re in Chicago, the best burger meat is at Hops & Barley. Traveled around the world and nothing has topped it.
I'll stick with McDonald's.
This might be the most revolting human I've ever seen
Somebody count how much times he says right
i feel bad for the scientist he being ignored most of the time
Cooking to science is a bit like alchemy is to chemistry.
8:25 the best part of this video. LMAO.
or just go to five guys
I feel like Gordon Ramsay would not approve 👎
I like water on my burger because it gets moisty
this is why deep frying is God like technology..
8:27 lmao!
Makes the perfect burger but cannot cure cancer
I went and bought a burger as soon as the video finished
"If you don't know who he is.....he will tell you why he is here."
"Right."
great! pool scene was super chill, i got in the pool afterward!
damn, umami is my burger!
Well, now I'm hungry
ofcourse slip in some random racism..
Did he really just reach into liquid nitrogen with bare hands??
You can't ruin the texture of mushrooms.
"if you support that, then you're supporting racism" lol what?
"right."
The video length is elite?
Eww ketchup on a burger lost me at that point...
Now sit back and enjoy some clever fat shaming comments.
I have gout - thanks for reminding how much it sucks.
isnt umami like maggi?
Uhhh 5:35???
Awesome vid dude
Ohhhhh man we may have to “steal” some of these but of course give you guys credit!!! Freakin AWESOME thank you!!!!!!!
maillard reaction
"oh yeah gotta do both" bit made punch myself in the balls due to the cringe overload
do you guys have a really bad green screen or is it that humid in there?
Needs more Umami.
1. Double Double with everything.
2. Watabuger Japapeno Burger with cheese.
3. Breakfast Burger Carl's Jr.
4. Jumbo Jack with Cheese Jack in the Box.
5.  Double chili cheese burger with everything. Tommy's LA.
Mmmm.. I could snort this
Is this In-N-out info?
Does this include heme as an ingredient?
"Right"
Anyone else think the Burger Show has kind of run it's course?  I mean, how many episodes can you have on hamburgers?
The best burgers are never smashed
What type of pan does Alvin use in this video? I'm always worried about scraping up and fucking up my pan with metal spatulas and scrapers, but seems like his is fine.
THE KRABBY PATTY FORMULA.
He might not live to long , but he is living the life.
Wow, the comments on here are off the wall. Can't let people enjoy a video eh? Haha, no no, what am I thinking. This is youtube 😂
Get that man a beer!
I love this video but as a chemist, WHERE'S YOUR PPE FOR LIQUID NITROGEN! Liquid nitrogen will burn your fingers and I wouldn't wanna risk nitrogen burns. They hurt.
microwave burgers are the OG flat meat
Surprised he put his hands in that liquid nitrogen
msg is bad 4 you stop lying
I wonder how many times Alvin said "right" in this video
The perfect way to die
Love the lowkey awkwardness
This want me to go to Umami Burger.
I thought this was going to be helpful. It wasn't.
That guest "food scientist" is unusual. His understanding of good eating is questionable, his skill at explaining concepts is obviously snooze inducing common knowledge mixed with nonsense, and his head is to small for his body.
Disappointing vid :(
MSG debunked and challenged. I like it.
God I love burgers any kind just wanna grab me a cheeseburger anything or just simple man! i love those!
These two have been playing way too much metal gear phantom pain
you're a Burger
Hi
Please go on a diet. Being obese is worse than being an addicted smoker and alcoholic.
I really feel bad for this dude.
http://instantworking.com/?dowork=15609
WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER MAY I TAKE YA ORDER
Only clicked because I thought that melted parm was a giant pickle slice.
Stop this omummy thing !
I thought this was a MGSV in real life.
I was expecting the bald guy to be doing this one
i thought umami was a food item LOL
UMAMI, when a latino says a girl is hot: "Uh mami (rica)"
Ah, the tired old "worrying about MSG is racist" nonsense being recycled once again.
I could listen to Dave talk about food all day.
The amount of times Alvin says "right" in the span of a minute, makes me depressed
Background is way to bright!
i lost my verginity when i was 3
Please lose some weight for yourself and for your family, friends, and fans :'(
What is the outro song I need the title
Smashing a burger is a sin.
in n out every time
08:32 SNAP BACK TO REALITY
These are two of the most unlikable people i have ever seen on video- the smug level is intense!
Cooking is science
Black buns...
That boi built like a burger
"racism"
The only thing racist about Chinese restaurant syndrome is the name.  Manufactured MSG in excess effects millions of people at different degrees of reaction.  Most common are blood pressure spikes, migraines, and dehydration.  There's nothing natural about isolating MSG and then manufacturing a chemical similar to naturally occurring MSG and overusing it in foods.  I am not an MSG antagonist, I just think it's unethical to call everyone racist and deny that MSG in excess can cause reactions in sensitive people.
science and food perfection.
This guy is doctor octopus from Spider Man 2
Kinda, umami, umami, kinda, maillard
This guy’s woke! Would definitely love to see more of him!
Love the show, could you maybe give us temperatures in the scale most people in the world use as well as the archaic US scale?
Umami this, umami that. Calling something perfect doesn't make it that, sure the burger wouldn't suck, but it takes a little more than umami to make a perfect burger.
Unpopular opinion: the lab coats look dope af
I gave up at the soggy fried cheese, if you can't do that right why would I want your burger ideas?
As soon as he mentions racism I was and am gone.... thumbs down... boooo!
I've been to Umami burger and other places like 5 Guys is superior and cheaper. my burger was luke warm and the bun wasn't even that good. good flavor, but u need everything correct.
5:36 oh yeah gotta do both
8:23 kick buttowski still in 2018
Why would you do that to a poor innocent burger? T-T
Well interesting way to get it into peoples head in 2018s that MSG isn't bad. Just call it racist and people will stop immediately. Very effective.
Would it work with global warming too ? ;)
http://instantworking.com/account.php
Can you please shave off that facial hair lmao.
That face when the board was coming out...
No way this dude still has all 10 toes.
MSG is actually pretty bad for some people it's in a lot of foods!!
как это в тренды попало??
sound effects on point for this vid
loved this
Pickles? Science is wrong
Ya lost me at MSG is bad because of racism. Guhbye
No Sean, no like
science
Ron Swanson would be disappointed.
Umami. Fucking lol
I know people who are sensitive to MSG so it’s not just “racist garbage”
Racism?  Hahahahaha....wth?
AND HEY KIDS,you can do this at home🍔
My mom is actually allergic to msg.
"Right"
This guy literally just said “so if you support that, you support racism.” Wtf hahahaha what does food have to do with race.
"Right"
Ooo mommy
Using metal on a teflon plate... smart
Great video other than the Chinese racism bullcrap.
MSG also has links to causing migraines, as glutamate is a neurotransmitter in the brain. Too much glutamate can cause can cause your brain to 'overload'.
I will put my hamburger against yours Any day. You would not stand a chance.
.....no!
Wow, umami is actually a word :O
□right□
WRONG! MSG is bad. My wife gets terrible ill if she consumes even a little MSG.
Nino does not approve
fresh tomato is the key to a good burger
Awesome episode!!
DO A HOT ONES WITH 6IX9INE
OOMAMI
lmao good to see a man whos passionate about the smash burger
make a burger, freeze it with liquid nitrogen, smash it into a powder, freeze dry the powder and sprinkle it on top of fresh fries ;)
straight wackness
oh yeah, gotta do both!
this is just boneless T-bone
Oh well, guess I support racism then.
Damn eat a veggie burger
#right
y not both
i should of been food scientist
Yo fam... finna cop me one o dem fire lbctz fr fr
This makes me hungry
that science guy is a freak
Right..
Boardwalk burger?
I love this
What a 1337 video
So good.
1337 video
If this burger is so perfect, why wasn't it in the Bible?
I like how the science guy gives advice about being able to eat the bun after you freeze it in liquid nitrogen and smash it to bits.  I'm pretty sure that's an indication he has done this before.
Did I just see a giant pickle?? What was that
Mini Craig Ferguson
b\is
Umamidouche.mp4
perfect trash food
Wtf are mushrooms doing in the best burger
This is an Umami Comment
Five guys is the best no contest
13:37
My stepfather is one of those people who is "allergic to MSG". But when I made udon at home he ate it and was completely fine despite the broth being dashi.
a show about my favorite food of all time? welcome to the future boyz.
This was broing
I dislike smashed burgers soooooooo much but Alvin’s look unreal
MOIST
how about this... if you believe that MSG is bad for you, you aren’t actually supporting racism, you’re just mistaken.  this science man is absurd.

but also, when I eat at cheesy Chinese restaurants at foodcourts or whatever, I tend to get a headache.  also with Pringles, does that make me racist?
Ben shapiro and bill nye's son
The only perfect burger can be made by my dearest friend, Spongebob.
Can we get more of the burger show
Wasn’t he on nailed it?
MSG = Sodium = Deliciousness
I was waiting for the MSG shaker after the butthurt defense.
Go Vegan!
This guy isn’t a “scientist” lmao. Just a random guy who watched a couple YouTube video abt burgers
Was with em right until the point where they decided to use murder fungus.
Umami AKA savory.
http://instantworking.com/?dowork=18008
I love this show so much
he needs to eat more vegan burgers
yo chill with the "right" , "yeah"
Bukake flavor
Its just a burger
Any one else nut to this
I can't even get my cast iron pan to be non-stick.  I followed all kinds of advice, but nothing seems to work.  Have to do that first before I try to make burgers in it.
#3 on trending
Drink for every time they say Umami
right , right ,right, right , right
b/what
Burger in China,it’s so small,it had little meat in it,I can’t get full
Anyone understand what unmami is.  I sure don't
The chemical burger
I can’t have a burger without lettuce (maybe tomatoes depending) that shit will taste like salty sweaty ball sack.
It's a frankenburger, its the best burger in the world
Can you do at least ONE episode of burger show for vegetarians? Please! It took all of my strength just to write this.
If it ain’t whaulburgers it a burger
Liquid nitrogen and no gloves? #madlads
Falling asleep 😴😴😴
unnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnngh . keepem coming
Make it vegan.
1:22 for some reason the way he does that action wit his eyes makes me crack up
Right
3:25 when you are old but want the younger generations to think you are still "hip"
Okay..
Make a Restaurant
I am Hungry Now
5:34 Oh yeah you gotta do both. Yeah gotta do both
Right...
I hate the word umami more now
Now in science hamburger meat is grown gentic modified in a petri dish petri !
Ain't cooks food scientists?
https://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=vjBT_k9qB2k&feature=share
Sorry but I still don't believe in umami. It's just another savory flavor. It's not distinctly different.
5 guys burgers and fries ;)
The patties need to be flatter.
msg = racism.........never thought of it that way
U mommy
Wrong!! The perfect burger is one with a THICC patty
I still don’t know wtf umami is
I got a ad for hotdogs xD
Like noice
They said umami a handful of times
How many times are hey going to say umami damn
a burger is just a burger
"Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right"
Right, Right, Right
I got a burger ad.
Smashing Frozen Burger @ 12:51
This video is 13:37 long lol
The smashburger is an insult to the meat. Beef should not be overcooked. I understand the crust thing but that's just it, it is not a burger.... it is just the crust.  The other burger looks really good though.
Now MSG is racist... what's next?
6:55-7:15 you can tell he doesnt understand because he repeats after himself so many times
Liquid nitro using bare hands?
Too much umami references.
right
lmao anyone else notice that he wears a beanie even in the pool?
right
Dayuuum
i'm sure these burgers are tasty, but i'll take my home made one over any other; sometimes simpler is better....
Right
ya no, burgers are meant to be fully cooked...
Got to in & out
Just subbed!
For science!
Look I’ll give 4.56$ go buy a big mac
A whole lot better than that Trump Tape nothing burger desperate liberals are feasting on from fake news CNN. LMAO
i use human meat for the best burger :)
Take a shot every time they say umami
Is the end credit song done by PUTS?
Ask Gordon Ramsay
I didn't see any science in that video, just one guy plugging his crappy blowtorch attachment and condescendingly telling us about umami (which we already knew about).

Show us the science that says the reason the burgers we buy taste better is due to umami.  It's far more likely the reason they taste good is the quality of the beef.

The sear on that smashburger was also quite bad.  You know you can just stop recording and do the sear again to get it right for your audience (and the taste test).

The fact that Searzall guy didn't like smash burgers tells us he should never have been brought on as the expert.

I'm a humourless bastard but the fucking swimming pool scene made me laugh.
science my ass! they were just trying to sell restaurant burgers
5 minutes in and so far... this burger sounds seriously nasty to me.....
Perhaps they could help apply my mandated food menu. I will help them for this video. I have a wonderful idea for burgers, 'The Sauce Trough' or 'The Tomato Cave'. Take a 3/8ths inch cut of Beefsteak tomato (2 slices, 1 for under the beef patty and 1 for on top of the patty). Use a small knife and cut a center trough in the middle of the tomatoes at a 45 degree angle. The trough makes a perfect reservoir for sauces, sprinkle cheeses and vegetables.
“Right”
how much $ $ $ did you get
“Right, right, right, right, right, right “
the thumbnail looks like a mondo burger
the thumbnail looks like a mondo burger
That lazy pool scene with the Burger tube while he was talking... Nice!!!  I feel like I do this a lot to people when they talk too!.🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔🍔
I’m surprised that all these hip places that obsess over Umami but never seemed to experiment with vegemite it’s the closest things you can get to straight up edible MSG paste
Alvin looks like big pun
What the heck, I just had breakfast... now I’m hungry again.
http://instantworking.com/?dowork=47493
Or go to mc Donald’s
I'm just glad they didnt put mayo on it
The comments 😂
Can this guy work for our school
"right, right, right ..."
Drink every time umami is said in this video.
Making burgers is not a science thing nah☝️ nah☝️ nah☝️; it is an art thing hence culinary arts👌😃
Your secret ingredient is MSG. Wow, learn how to cook.
Fake only Gordon Ramsay can cook
right
right
don't believe this con artist, MSG has been shown to cause cancer...............
Take a shot every time they say Umami
Hello, Humans. As I walk along the beach at night, the water speaks to me. It calls my name, time and time again. One day, I decide to go close to the water, as it spoke to me. A man stepped out of the water and said my name. It was at this point, I realized something was up. Unfortunately, the man was eaten by a shark. Sometimes in life, the water calls my name, only to see blood in the water.

TERRANCE OUT
Just did
Anyone else think their oven was going off?
🍔🥓🧀🤗
The people in this comment section are high af lol
Right.... Right ...... Right
Right
my doctor said my crs is off the charts.
The racism comment was absolutely ridiculous!
u mami ge
I would like to order one fries burger
8:23 I want one😂😂😂
With a little side of shakes!
the guy tries really, really hard to belong
Is this a food wars episode?
The umami burger
You can’t beat the Krabby Patty
Ooh mami
I have never heard of umami
9th k like herrooo
I live 3 minutes from Martins Potato Roll factory. Its not a NY standard. Its a Pennsylvania standard. Facts...
People that eat red meat or just meat in general, never look healthy, just saying... i better to go vegetarian even though i love hamburgers
Ooooo mAmi
gggggggreat... job
right
Bacon and cheese, that's all the burger needs. Oh and more bacon.
Who’s here just because there hungry 😂 meee
3:08 did anybody else here a mic?
Cringe
Mad food scientist has big hands
Does anyone know the name of the song towards the end?
https://www.cheapbooks4you.com/
That has got go be the most liberal response to racism in the forn of science I've ever heard lmao
Take a shot every time he says umami
I dont trust people who dont think hamburgers dont need lettuce
Why are you using umami as an adjective and a noun. That’s not how this works
That guy is lying, MSG helps to cause insulin resistance (Google it and see). I wouldn't call that "safe" or "fine". The FDA is a group of compromised degenerates that take bribes and practice quackery.
I love watching cooking videos, but it also sometimes discounts what makes good cooking good. My family runs from flat broke to millionaire status, and it seems that everyone likes a good backyard cookout for burgers and none of us are going to get so detailed on things like adding parmesean frico. Who's realistically going to do that?
RIGHT
Is it even a burger without lettuce?
Came for a cooking video, not politics. "But das racist tho.." done. Thanks anyway. I'll try a different one.
One... Two... ahhhh cold!
Dave is the dumbest scientist, sticking his hand into liquid nitrogen
Justin Y isn't here... I think
Alvin isn't going to have many seasons, eating at this pace.
I wish I could have done this in chemistry class. Instead, I was  stuck doing pointless labs.
"right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""right""
I like to eat Burger.
Right
take a shot every time they say Umami
i hate alvin
What would a perfect burger taste like if it was possible
Does anyone know the name of the song at the end?
If you want to make the perfect burger you just hire me to make it for you.
2:34 what about spicy lol
I don't eat burgers, I only eat sandwiches.
Arent they supposed to be curing cancer?
Arent they supposed to be curing cancer?
Do NOT drink a shot every time he says "right" or you will die.
check out @irresistiblebeautybykay lashes
Is that a toston in there? Say word the scientist was dominican
For me, a perfect burger is a burger that has two smashed patties, but with a bigger diameter. Mayo with the slightest hint of mustard "mustard can be overpowering", ketchup, grilled onions bread and butter pickles, buns must be toasted without butter "Again, butter can overpower the meat just like the mustard", and processed american cheese. Real cheese is shit on burgers.
i miss: bacon, tomatoe, mustard, cheddar cheese
I hate this show so much so far.
RIGHT
RIGHT
Mhmmmm
Diabeetus
one to many burgers
Where’s Gorden Ramsey?
Right
Right
Drink every time they say umami
Right
Right
Right
he has one pair of giant hands
cant we just let sean host all the fwf shows? its a big drop in quality watching him and then going to alvin who is monotone and just goes 'yeah right right right yeah right ok right right cool right yeah'
“ It sucks!, It’s unpleasant!...” 😂😂
wouldn't be science on youtube without liquid nitrogen and water with food coloring in some cheap beakers right?
Nice to see Americans have access to real cheese
who mommy
The Asian dude has something going on to the back of his neck. He’s too damn fat!
Yo if y’all really wana cover the best burgers in the world then you have to check out Flippin Burger in Stockholm. Wayyy better than any burger I’ve ever had in the states.
My dad always jokes about the msg at Chinese restaurants and he's half Chinese... so racism?
Call me crazy but for a bunch of burger Pro, how is it they haven't learned to fold their cheese Corners yet
That excuse to smash the burger was totally stupid and unaccurate. If you smash the burger, you are leaving it without juices; thats basic cooking knowledge. So unless you like your burger dry and flavorless, dont smash it. And whats the point of playing the racism card about people disliking MSG (specially industrial MSG added to food)? That´s not a scientific argument, and wearing a lab coat doesn´t make you a scientist. Totally dissapointed with this video.
Stupid show.
Did you really just say, "If you support that you're supporting racism?" A lot of people avoid Monosodium glutamate (MSG) because of taste and the salt factor alone. It has nothing to do with being a racist. On another note, Monosodium glutamate (MSG) is a flavor enhancer that has a Monsanto-backed profit and because of that a lot of Chinese restaurants and other food industries have even stopped using it altogether. Stop spreading false information and creating a racial bias where there isn't one.
so what you're saying is that i should make a umami burger with two smash burger patties to sandwich it and add the umami sauce and parmesan on a toasty bun?
Yum
Drinking game: Take a shot every time someone says umami
Yum
can someone watch the video and tell me how much times they say umami
dats waycist!
it actually costs too much money to make your own perfect burger, especially with things like that parmesan cheese, but now you made me hungry for a good burger so ill drop the 25 bucks or so to make a few to my liking, i already got the cheese slices and ketchup at least
"Right, right, right, right, right, right, right..... Hmmm right, right, right. "
MSG not bad?
I have a wicked MSG Allergy, if I consume too much I can be put in the hospital with violent migraines. So msg is in fact not perfectly fine
First time here, and was a little surprised with the foul language...
R.i.p. to the fat dude.  If he lives past 40 hes g.o.a.t
I feel like that fat guy low-key trys hard to be like Matty Mathason
what's with all the dislikes?
what's the name of the last song?
This is gay
http://instantworking.com/?dowork=29541
Why am I watching this in the middle of the night? I am just torturing myself. These burgers look amazing.
why even am i watching, i am veg
if I hear "right" one more time...Not everything needs to be verbally acknowledged.
Why does the word umami make me cringe so much?
are u that guy tht sing somewhere over the rainbow hawaiian style? u look pissed off when science guy went to the blackboard lol.
Burgers spoiled by crap cheese
Man 99.9% of you guys are hungry now I’m the 1 percent
Hungry
why are these guys saying right like a goddamn game of "over" on a walkie talkie
wheres the chulula thoo
What happens if you don’t like burgers?
Umami isn’t real
When’s the next show?!?
Science is a religion 😲
Sorry guys, but Princess Bubblegum already did this.
Watched this whole video and still don't know what umami is.
I've always been confused by the word umami. Isn't it just a pretentious word for savoury?
Burger? Junk food
cringe.
Soooo.... umami is salty.
No one really carea
The stupidity of this guy trying to sell msg as something good. We get it they pay you for saying that. Msg is one of the most harsh and widespread allergies.... look up msg and tachycardia, look up msg and migraines, look up msg and ibs, just eliminate msg from your diet for one month and I'd say at least 50% of people will notice a huge change. If you get migraines or have tachycardia it's worth a shot from peraonal experience, 5 years without msg and 5 years without tachycardia or a migraine, I actually got to do sports and gym my last year of highschool due to the loss of my tachycardia. God I miss Doritos......
Not a smash burger, fake news.
wtf? you don't need a scraper, just get a good stainless steel spatula, then you won't burn your hand every time you flip
Name a better duo? I’ll wait.
Non left wing hamburgers are racist.
The perfect burger isn't Fake Meat .. What's Fake Meat ? 
It's grown in Vatts : google it !
kinda disrespectful editing when the science dude is explaining shit and youre making it seem like its not interesting or the host doesnt care.. :/
But Trump followers don't believe in science.
285,194th view
Why is there a wendys ad?
There is no good burger unless its certified fresh by ronald mcdonald
Why the burgers look like somthing that is from McDonalds
Don't give burgers to the fat guy anymore
Now I’m hungry
Food allergies and racism both exist but do not rely on each other to exist. Some people get migraines from msg, whether it is from chips, sausage, bacon, etc. Science dude should keep his mouth shut before calling people racist for not wanting added msg
Meh. Umami is still fictitious. Where’s the science? And I can’t stand this show. I want to like it, but it’s not happening’.
My mom leaves the burgers too big and it doesn’t taste as good
3:27 why is this guy talking about racism on a show about burgers? I don't wanna think about racism on a show about burgers.
This video is 1337
Im hungry
Was I the only one that thought that the (no racist) black guy was gonna have a deep voice
What’s the name of the song at the end?
Could we please stop having videos with this enormous blob man in them?  Any food is immediately unappetizing with him in the picture.  His personality is passable at best.  The unkempt wispy beard makes me think of a soft homeless person.  If he want's to kill himself with food I could care less, its his choice.  I just don't understand why this planet of a person is trying to make food look appetizing.  At the very least practice some fucking hygiene.
1.8 k dislikes,why ?
Will it burger? let's talk about that
Alvin's "beard" makes me feel ill
Im hungry now
This is the best comment section all because this video summoned HowToBasic and Justin Y. into it.
Such a burger like my girls!
I make perfect burgers IN MY MINNNDDD
Not a single vegetable to eaten, just smashed at the end with that normal burger. Tomato and Pickles (Cucumbers) are fruits. Mushrooms are a fungus. I can already feel the artery blockage in my chest watching this.
shit
you are going to make an episode on the science of making the perfect burger, but then all you do is recreate a shittier version of a the smashburger that you first made with Babish. And on top of that you are not even going to talk what the best meat combinations for a perfect burger patty?
Wtf
Damn dude loose some weight. Please
freaks me out to see burger's pink in the middle.
Racism is an overused term. American Chinese food is garbage.
Unfortunately a lot of the cheaper Chinese restaurants use too much msg. How is that racist? This is the type of polarizing idiot that leads people to conflict.
Wtf?
Anyways, this is a funny video.
Cool video, the burger is delicious, that is amazing, let me know when you next video drops, I am ready sean Evans, I will always support you like always, keep up the good work, good job brother 👍👏🏻.
It’s not vegan tho...
Turned this off after - if you don't like MSG you're racist... So scientific... All this info is better presented elsewhere
Anyone else not know what “umami” is tho, or is that just me??
Where can I get a sears-all?
1337
Putting on a lab coat doesn't make you a scientist. Pathetic appeal to authority.
PORTUGAL CARALHO FDP!11!
You should go to freddys frozen custard and steak burgers 🍔
Love this. But I've seen people claim that a great burger comes down to the right grind of fresh meat with just salt, pepper, and cheese on the patty. But I've made delicious burgers with fresh onion, jalapeno, and garlic sweated out in a pan and added into the burger patties with seasoned salt, parmesan, and bread crumbs. I just hate to see a rare burger. When you grind meat up you distribute the bacteria throughout the cut of meat that would normally only be on the outside. So cooking it like a steak isnt safe...
Welcome to good burger home of the good burger may I take your order
The food looks great, but these guys are terrible. Calling people racist in the start of the show is the fastest way to get a dislike and tune out anyone with a brain that could be interested in what you have to say.
I have 50 subscribers please help me out
3:17 I’m not going to deny that race was a factor in the chinese restaurant syndrome, because yes, people in that era were stupid enough to believe it. But let’s not forget that the reason the fear lingered and partly why it proliferated was because of the “chemical” nature of it and its name. People naturally are averse to things that are unfamiliar, and monosodium glutamate (forgive me for the misspelling if it’s there) sure as hell wouldn’t sound familiar to a common westerner in the early 1900’s. Part of the reason why the fear still lingers is because for the last few decades, there has been a nationwide outright rejection of industrial foods, and trends leading more towards naturally based products not loaded with a shit ton of chemicals and chemically sounding shit (which ironically is about as stupid as the initial msg scare). So let’s be careful how we conflate that line there, bub.
Not trying to be rude but the burger guy has gotten so fat his face literally looks like a pigs face. Snout and all. I’m going to hell.
A child in Africa could have eaten that liquid nitrogen
Why do liberals have to virtue signal at every and any occasion they can get?
What?! Fxck this video! I'm Chinese and there was this survey online which millions of different people took hat asked the question: "Which ethnicity has the best food?" Obviously, by far, it was Chinese food. And we don't serve racist garbage or roadkill in our restaurants.
wtf did i just watch...
Of course they had to have a fat guy in the video.
Does he know how to cook? Yes. But he is full of SH*T about MSG being harmless. News flash: due to fairly common genetics, some people cannot tolerate extra dietary sulfur. It acts like a toxin and causes hangover type symptoms. Similar to how many Asians cannot tolerate dairy--or perhaps you think that is also some racist BS? Educate yourself, dude.
just go to In n Out.
First We Feast, please, and I mean PLEASE, get a new host. The eggslut guy is terribly dull. He makes it blatant he's reading from a script and gives the voice over no charisma. And, unfortunately, his performance falls short on camera as well. He shows little to no excitement in front of the camera and never seems to provide any added value with his personality.  I implore you fine folks at FWF to reflect the host's shortcomings and take a new direction with this otherwise wonderful burger show.
Can someone explain to me how not feeling good after eating Chinese and mistaking MSGs as the cause is somehow racist because I am thoroughly confused how we went from “my stomach hurts” to “I hate Chinese people” like ????
Fun isn’t one something one considers when balancing the burgers
Lol that’s not how to do it
this guy something else.... its not racist, its a real thing. they call it chinese restaurant syndrome because its known that chinese food places tend to add alot of MSG to their food and you will get headaches because of it. symptoms dont lie!
Sorry you burnt that parm and burnt parm tastes horrible...
i hate thick burgers
http://instantworking.com/?dowork=35241
I don’t understand promoting eating things that can kill you. How about some plant based HEALTHY foods?
next time maybe I will make my kitchen as clean as a biosafety lv4 lab, by using this method, I may can create one of the cleanest food in the world!!!!!
What is fat content to beef ratio for these burgers?
Woah MSG is ok? That's new. Let the debate begin. Got milk? Eggs cholesterol. Soy. Tomatoes and lectin. What was good for you was bad then good again. Wtf it's a food scam. ...
"UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI""UMAMI"
This comment has no umami at all...
This comment is a comment.
I don’t want to eat that
Awesome video. like it.
I prefer krabby pattys
stfu and make some food
never trust a chef that's not fat.
thin patties way better than thick patty
Bro Alvin, unless you wanna stop making videos after you hit 35. You should consider diet an exercise.It’s a problem when your head just has a blob for the neck.
Thowing a ball of hamburger onto a flat top and smashing it is NOT the common way of making a typical US burger..... Like, at all. You either buy pre formed patties, or you roll up a ball in your hand and press it down in your hands, then throw a thumb imprint into the middle to help with regulating a fluid temperature. Smashing a meatball down is actually the hamburg (German) way of making a burger. It goes back to that story about an old Hamburg chef that got pissed off at a customer, so he smashed his meat ball down into a patty, and the customer loved it. If it IS commonplace in the US to smash a meatball while on the grill, then its only in places like California or New York. Ya know, the places where trendy, "I'm better than you" hipsters congregate and correct people all the time by starting their corrective sentences with "Actually".
MSG can give some people problems, like my dad (and other family members). He missed a major unwanted side-effect of it: diarrhea. Of course, for some it's more the build-up of too much MSG.
the biggest problem with so many of these american shows is all that garbage american cheese they use. get some real cheese on there.
Bro you don’t need anymore Burgers 🍔
According to science we shouldn’t be eating burgers.
So any thoughts on the cut of beef going into the burgers? Back in the episode with Babish there was talk about the different cuts that went into the 'Fake Shack' burger, but what's the science behind that?
Why is the like to dislike video so bad
That's so boring just making burgers and your should sign up for Burger King I think because that's really boring and I hate it so never make that again otherwise I'll report your account and never let you post again and report all your accounts.
Uh.
Ugh!
“According to science”

The most stupid argument ever
These guys dont scrape the grill between flips and think everyone cooks a burger submerged in grease. Crispiness? Not everyone wants a burnt up dehydrated burger. The science behind someones personal preference? I didnt know one taste bud fits all. MSG isnt racism, its horrible for excessive salt intake and is NOT healthy. We currently live in a world where science is dictated by the highest bidder and not facts.
FYI MSG IS bad. Do some research on it.
Msg is gluten :( #autoimmunelife
msg's not bad its just life threatening
My burgers tastes way better than this ! lol
Angry grandpa show
The Searzall isn't that great.
Cats must be high in MSG. Lol don't be so sensitive, Chingchong. 😂
As someone who has cooked professionally for almost 20 years, that umami burger was absolutely genius.
the burgers looked gross, but i like the way you filmed all this! inspires me a bit for my own channel 😁
How do we memory hole this lab geek. He's bringing nothing to the table other than social justice nonsense. Lets get back to making delicious burgers without idiots involved.
I think it is time you knew

Hamburgers

Yes

I became obsessed with them

I wanted exposure to them

I was seduced by the beef

And that is not all

I copulate with them often back home

It is terrible

Unforgivable

And yet, it is what I have done

First, I thrust into the bun, making them swell to abnormal size

Then, I'd squirm inside

But this was not enough

Yes

Second, I penetrate into and between the lettuce and copulate then and there continuously over an extended time until I achieve orgasm releasing the sperm inside them

Like bakers yeast

Yes!

It would slip into the surrounding regions, mixing in with saliva

Nature's blessings, unadulterated in hamburger form

How could anyone hate such a magnificent thing?

What a beautiful burger

But, in truth..

There is a more effective method

Multiple males can copulate with a hamburger

It sounds as though you have already tried

Would you care to join me?
3 minutes and 30 seconds of garbage, good start.
4:08 'This is about to crisp up'  No, it is already starting to burn. Black parm is not 'crisp', it's disgusting.
Conservatives are going to die...science(fake news) and burgers don't mix according to their bible lol
Nasty burger ,  what a waste of time .
That guy needs to learn the science of the gym not the burger
Look no offence to any off this...my dad had a restaurant that he had for 23 and a half yrs i worked in it for 14 yrs and literally we had the best burger in Chattanooga tn for 14 yrs no joke and all it was always fresh ground chuck 80/20 and i inspected it everyday, and our hamburger had mustard mayo lettuce tomato pickle and onion and weighed 1 pound and we could  not make enough of them at all! Also that 14 yrs we never knew that inspectors came in to grade us, he also was put in the Megallion  press which is a restaurant guide to the best food in that city and when he sold it the Chattanooga Times wrote a full page article on him and the restaurant ...now that 14 yrs was from a competition that was from 6 thousand restaurants in Chattanooga TN and surrounding areas! This is fact to!
Racism means nothing nowadays. You are a racist nowadays for accepting the fact that there is such a thing as races, as well as some being superior and inferior to each other. Basically nature and existence is racist. Gotta love leftism brain disorder.
Bro,  Alvin,  do something for your health before its too late,  ease up.   Great show though keep it up man.
That stool Alvin is sitting on is the real star of this episode
Holy shit, the one of the people is 103 years old. That guy was there from the start
pawn stars: "let me just call in our burger historian to take a look at this"
"im 103 years old and i been coming here as long as i can remember ...... wait where are we?"
I'm loving all of the genuine concern for Alvin's health. He is a nice, passionate guy who is getting so much support from the community. I hope he reads through these comments and appreciates the sentiment. We care about your wellbeing! Mad love!
i'm legitimately concerned for Alvin, he is noticeably bigger in every episode. try to ease off homie. really good episode though; keep it up!
Dear FIRST WE FEAST 

Alvin is seriously overweight and causes great concern among the YouTube community. I am not shaming or poking fun but advising  to help lose weight. Eating burgers and pie doesn’t help! The man couldn’t even sit right. Please
Is it just me, or do they mention In-N-Out Burger in just about every episode?
that old man that was 103 years old looked liked he was only 70
“I usually don’t get lettuce” 
Oh somebody hold me I can’t handle such a shock to my system I might faint
Dude this show is killing this man. He just gets bigger and bigger every time see him. He is beyond morbidly obese and I know his health has to be suffering greatly. In his current state, he WILL die young. Without question. This sends a really bad message and makes the show pretty uncomfortable to watch. Please get a new host. Someone who doesn't look like they are knocking on death's door.
7:50 that guy in the background is trying to wipe his own lips off his face
I wonder if the two guys that have been there 42 years still play pranks on the new guy who has only been there for 25 years.
Everytime I see one of Alvin's videos, I feel like I should go to the gym.
3:52 103 years old?! I'll have what he's having.
"I'll be coming here until the casket drops, bro."
So, like, a few more months?
Jesus Christ dude, you have an addiction and the show is an enabler. This is like if they did a show about drugs and the host was a drug addict
I don't use this term lightly but, that dude is an ABSOLUTE UNIT
is it just me or this dude looks like the james may of burger
Next episode Alvin goes to the cardiologist and eats the hospital’s burguer
George looks and sounds so much like Sean Schemmel its blowing my mind.
Yo, first we feast. You’re killing our boi Alvin.
"Yeah, I know I'm gonna be here until... *realizes the state of his health*... well, until the casket drops."
They won my heart with the "classic perfected burger over 70 years" and won my soul with the "Tillamook cheese" that's my shit right there ohhh yeaaah.
i love George Motz so damn much. hes such a cool guy talking about a cool thing
Big love for Alvin, but his weight is really off putting in a burger series
dude is 103 and still chompin on the classics love it
Bro that guy whos 103 looked really good for his age like hes doing something right
Alvin please look after yourself brother, self care is important.
I love this show man but man I really don't want to hear about you dying on us young without trying every burger out there...
take care my dude
That old man is 103?!?!! Holy crap he sure doesn't look even close to a 100
Alvin! Get some help! Your weight is not sustainable! We need you to be healthy bro. With much love.
Nobody:


Alvin: Right.
I can listen and watch to George Motz talk about Burgers all day.  This guy needs his OWN SHOW.
That guy looks in a great shape
UPDATE FROM ALVIN: he had no idea he was overweight until the keen and vigilant medical eye of the general yt community helped him realize it. 
He said hes good and to worry about something else and did a shoo away gesture 
Thank you to everyone for publicly posting what clowners you are
George looks like Johnny Knoxville with +20 years.
Big boy said I usually dont get lettuce on my burger? Well it's good for u eat ur veggies!  philiapino biggie smalls! 😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂
Dude, next time y'all come to LA, gotta go for Bill's! The Valley's got some great burger spots, and Bill's is the best.
Great video. Seriously fascinating and I want to go now.
I live in England though :(
He gets bigger and bigger everytime, you guys ever think of gettin some else? Maybe get him healthy
Thank you for this great review, I cant wait to try this place next time I'm in LA... Also, gotta say I love the People Under the Stairs joint you used on the outro, they are one of my fav bands, you must be a true head... I'm definitely gonna like, sub, & share!!!
Wolverine's looking good in his burger-themed retirement.
The host doesn't usually get lettuce. What a twist!

"I know I'll be here until the casket drops" So like 20-30 more minutes
"I get a burger, it's like a power bar"
Too perfect.
There is a Portillos in Buena Park and Moreno Valley. Just saying.

<3 Chicago
Alvin. I love your show,  and I love how passionate you are about food. But you’re slowly killin’ yourself dawg, like just try and lose some weight before we lose you
Dudes hard to look at.  He’s a blob.  The rat beard doesn’t help.
Dude is getting bigger FeelsBadMan
I can understand why they put padlocks there, I myself want that recipe for the Hickory sauce.
You can't fool me! Thats JOHNNY KNOXVILLE from JACKASS!!!
I was hoping you would bring back George Motz to another episode.
That dude is amazing!
Jablinski Games?
This guy reminds me of Jonny knocksville
Alvin, you gotta drop some kegs my friend. We all love you and love your show but you gotta take care of that ticker my man!! No hate - just love.
Why does George Motz's face remind me of Johnny Knoxville...
103 years old? dammmn!
when alvin says "i dont usually get lettuce in my burger"
I get uncomfortable seeing how fat the host is. Shame, cause he is a nice guy.
Love the show but everytime I see Alvin I fear for his health
"How much do I love the apple pan? How many stars are in the sky?" 

Bruh 💀💀 I was doing the math on that real quick, found out it's a lot
You're wrong jack black is its biggest fan.
This is my favourite food show ever
This historian looks like Johnny Knoxville with gray hair 😂
When he said everytime I'm in LA I tend to eat burgers more and more, my first initial reaction was to say "oh we can tell"😂😂
  Am i the only one?
@6:35 Can we talk about why the hell do you press the burger🤦🏻‍♂️
Everything is soooo clean.
Man, I love me some hickory sauce... But that relish looked mmm fiiiiiine AF....
"burger historian" 
what a time to be alive
Cool spot across from the Westside Pavilion! Steak Burger all the way!!!
My grandfather would take me to Apple Pan when I was little and now I take all the kids in my life. Best burgers! Best pies! 🤗 Great job guys!
In 'N Out on Sunset! Apple Pan on Pico! My old stomping grounds. That place has been there forever.
Can we talk about those pies though!?
This did not show up in my stream. I need my weekly burger jealousy fix.
Season 3: Alvin and George Road Trip!
Old Hugh Jackman is right, this place rules.
Dear Lord... we just went there and now were HOOKED ... you guys nailed it... great vid!
why not just give George the show if he knows way more about burgers?
This were jack black went in one of his videos
3:58
That guys a lvl 75 grand wizard in magic the gathering and yes he lives with his mother Connie
That dude he’s with looks like a like long lost cousin of Johnny knoxville
Carney's is a place of mirth and magic, and straight blow Tommy's away! Best burgers in The City of Angels. Not the oldest joint, but the Neo of all of the joints.
This guy's heart must be exhausted.
The best type of Burger is one that's been thrown away along with the other garbage meats.

 I'll stick to smoothies instead of garbage thank you :)
Oh my god, I went there in January. Perfect burger, perfect pie. It's incredible.
I love when Alvin does videos with Old Man Logan. They're both so passionate about burgers.
Any chance I get, I'm flying straight to Apple Pan.
Amazing restaurant! I always order a hickory burger, fries, cream soda, and banana cream pie...heaven!
Stop eating dude, do something or you will die soon.
Thank you for not saying IN-N-OUT is one of the best, because it’s not..
3:28 incorrect,  Red’s Giant Hamburg had a drive through before In-N-Out.
Alvin looks like he ate the whole Apple Pan. Cmon bruh, lose a few, love yourself.
CAN YOU MAKE A KETO BURGER ALVIN? IM A KETO HEAD AND HAVE LOOSE STOOLS...........
I love cooking and foodie shows.  I honestly have a hard time enjoying watch the host of this show slowly killing himself as he calls eating this food meditation.
Burger scholar? I think I found my new occupation.
3:59 that is the greatest answer I’ve ever heard
A recipe for a hearth attack-only in US!
Yo, Chuckbox, Tempe, Az.  Mesquite grilled, build your own burger.  30+ years, absolute classic (bun could use some work though...)
How many stars are in the sky? Bro was practically in tears. Lmao
3:48 Manny is 103 years old? That guy doesn't look a day over 80. There must be something in the beef at Apple Pan. Apparently we all need to move to LA immediately.
bruh I would rather watch you eat a veggie burger and think about how long will you last to continue doing reviews
Apple Pan is the band that didn't sell out.
Y George sound like Hank from Breaking Bad
Another George Motz episode, awesome! Keep em coming!!
daaamn, you know a place does food right when some 103 years old dude comes by and eats every week ever since the place opened up and most if not all the employees are actual lifetime employees

im noting this destination if i ever drop by in LA :D they look like they have super yummy food and not too greasy too
"I'll be here til the casket drops".....keep eating like this, and that day will be here VERY soon!  Have a little self-respect dude.
Steven’s Burgers in the corner of Normandie Ave & El Segundo in the beautiful city of Gardena, California.
5:40 dude in the background took his girl’s burger to see if it stood up straight loool
This was a really good episode, once again! And thank you for the little history clip about the first drive-in in America, I didn't know that, it was really insightful! Keep'em coming <3
Cuzz this episode needs to be on the history channel & discovery.
Viceland needs u
I dont know why but watching this makes me so happy
Even in the current social climate....here we have a MORBIDLY obese MAN critiquing burgers.....but if it was a morbidly obese FEMALE in his place....
I guaranfuckingtee you there would be a HELL of a lot more hate comments.
"I can't help myself!" Clearly, big guy.
Jablinski anyone?
Thought that was Jeremy Clarkson in the thumb
Does that dude got a starring problem😂
103 years old!? assume 2 burgers a week...  my man has eaten 10,712 burgers in his life. even one burger a week is 5356 burgers. jheeze
Um, Nobody going to mention the dude that’s over 100 and in better shape than me?
I was 327 lbs two years ago.

I have done a mix of Keto and Atkins over the last 18 months and I am now down to 210'ish lbs. 

Do it brother!
Alvin mate. Id rather live longer to enjoy burgers twice a week than a short life eating burgers every day.
Imagine if George was the host. The show would be so much better.
Yo every episode I watch of this I always crave a burger
A good burger can be a simple, classic burger.
6:03  I thought he was going to say "I usually don't eat salads..."  :-P
I have a Pan...

I have an Apple...



A P P L E  P A N
that man is 103! wow god bless him.
This guy is going to have a heart attack on screen, I swear to god...
Damn.. and I only had some boring ass pizza for dinner.
Those burgers look bangin'.
I need a steak burger right now
Blah blah, owned land by restaurant proprietor. W LA greats?  Dem Bones and Ketchie’s Stand. Sorry for all of you who missed those two. Burgers at Apple Pan are ‘work a day” average or below at best.
I love how the first five minutes is them going "isn't it crazy how I can come in here and grab a BURGER?" like it's some unusual thing
Everything looks amazing but that tuna melt.....my god I want that
Big Up Harry Sneider  - In-N-Out
You need to get out of your own backyard, bro.   LA is getting boring.   There's a whole world of burgers out there.
I'm worried about this guy. I figure he's got less than ten years left before the heart attack :-(
why this dude look like johnny knoxvilles dad tho
Alvin gains 15 pounds every video. Crazy.
Man a burger without tomato, blasphemy
"I usually don't get lettuce"
Well maybe you should dude.
The irony of this whole series is that the show's centerpiece will eventually kill the host. Dude's got 10 years if he is lucky.
The burger expert is the 3rd of the size of biggie cheese after back in the barnyard
4:02 But its morning
I get so confused. It seems that every time a show is filmed on some iconic burger place in the L.A. area that place is described as the “best in the world”. There can only be ONE “best in the world”.
The Apple Pan is an interesting restaurant to go to. Much of the restaurant is still intact for quite some time. The burgers stayed the same for 70 years. If it ain't broke don't fix it after all.
Dude said he was 103???? What's that man's story!?!? I thought you had to drink ensure and eat jello everything to survive that long!
Nazi burgers!!!
0:19
That guy is seriously going to have a heart attack before he's 40
"Burger historian." Best job ever!
i don't know why but the 103 year old man is the real MVP there. He is so old and still comes to his favorite burger/pie place. but the thought that he might not be alive anymore is kinda sad :/. i hope he is ok and goes to his favorite place.
Ayyy Tillamook! Oregon representin!
Yo Alvin please watch your weight, because i want you to continue making these videos and not get sick. great show btw
this dude look like a chubby Johnny Knoxville undercover.
A burger scholar ? What world we living in
The continuity of the till prices flipping back and forth makes me think we weren't getting a real conversation. I would have thought the video producers would have this down pat...
My favorite YouTube channel 🤗 I can't get enough of it ... I love the host and guest
SJW’s are demonizing this show for toxic masculinity.
Who spends $91 at a diner?
Avlin looking like Homer Simpson in that one episode where he intentionally gets obese to get on workers compensation LMAO
103 yrs old?!??@?!!? 
He looks like 70!@?)@&/!@
I realize this series is highlighting LA burgers. that's cool, and I acknowledge California's influence on burgers and fast food. 

that being said, there are still places all over the country that have been serving the same bomb-ass burger and menu since the 40's, and they don't cost $10 because you live in California.
I love burgers more than pizza
Please get George to host
7:24 Los Santos? #GTA V
Hell yeah, great episode! The Wolverine is back! I love it!
Guy is a 103?! Burgers are the key to long living!
I had to buy this dudes book after seeing him on the last season of Burger Show.
Chops, the Burger King!
@1:58 Oooh, from Cleveland? Nice.
If you want a great burger head to la festa burger in Visalia California. One if the best burger I’ve ever had. Add the chill 👌👌👌
LA is cool coz huge institutions like In N Out can thrive but small local spots like this still have a cult following
Wow. How'd you manage to get high-cholesterol wolverine on your show?
Mexican work ethic at its best 👍🏽
Yes! I wanted more of this guy last season
I like Alvin but he needs to lose weight to stay alive.
Wooo.... j'ai faim! ( I'm hungry! ) I will go to The Apple Pan one day: it would be a great trip ( 4 643 km from home ).
Alvin go Keto. Eat all the burgers, bacon, eggs, vegetables  you want but skip the bun and fries. Love you man and your channel.
Jhonny knoxville !??
Keep diggin' Alvin, dont let the nasty coments get to ya !
Welp. Just added a new restaurant to my bucket list...
Yo alvin, please fix your health bro
Best burger in America is at Yankee's Tavern.   Carlos, Texas
Red neck version of Jhonny Knoxville
Aleast in 1 year just cut back and work out, you will have way more years ahead if you do.
Alvin you gotta take it easy man . Don't want anything happening to you . You look like you've eaten at the Heart Attack Grill in Vegas .
LOL DAMN I THOUGHT FAT BOY HAD BETTER TASTE IN FOOD. IF THATS HIS FAVORITE BURGER PLACE IN THE WORLDS, IM NOT INTERESTED IN HIS FOOD CRITICS
I think its true about NYC and old school burger joints. We were always known for our diners, but there have been some great burger spots. There are fewer and fewer classic burger joints left in the city.
Man you need to do something about that fat around your body, I think you will die soon if you don't take care of yourself, I really like you so pls, do something :/
103 years old and eating burgers...hell yeah!
8:28
who is that michael jackson lookin mofo
Tilamook standup! Quite a smelly town though.
That guy looks amazing for 103!
Remember the episode of Family Guy where Peter has a food truck
Thanks for the episode another great one Alvin
What happened to the rest of the season 👿
imagine putting the burger on top of the lettuce 🤢
Give that dude 5 years till he dies
Go to Canteen Lunch in the Alley in Ottumwa, Iowa.
Come to Texas and go to Whataburger.
Can't watch food shows with people that unhealthy, it's like watching someone with emphysema smoke a pack of cigarettes.
Motz comes across like Johnny Knoxville's second cousin twice removed minus the head trauma and a bit less inbreeding.
The host might not be around for too many more episodes. He likes food, I get it, but for his own safety he shouldn't be consuming food like this. Get this man some help before its too late, ffs he must be 450 lbs.
Great content and editing, as usual!
Alvin, bro workout dude its not good for your health. Do it before its too late.
3:59 this guy kills me😂😂
It only took 15 seconds for them to mention in-n-out, 33 seconds in the last episode. Holy shit just say you're sponsored by them or call this the in-n-out comparison show.
Burger "Scholar"?  I guess that makes me a Pizza Professor.
In-N-Out was not America’s first drive through, it was Reds Giant Hamburg in Springfield Missouri.
May I please have those delicious burgers!? (Looks so yummy!)
I love TK Burger in Huntington Beach on PCH :)))) go try it
I stopped in. I'll be honest it was meh. I wont be back. I did like the feel but it just wasnt the BEST burger.
George motz reminds me of jontron.
Alvin's weight is his business however our care and concern I'm sure he appreciates, even if the show was delayed just to put Alvin in some sort of shape would be a good thing.
"Til the casket drops"... don't look like its gonna be a long time.
isnt that jerrys fathers neighbor mendelbaum guy at the 3.54
Wow I'm blown away this isn't another video about shake shack or in n out.. lmao
Yo that older gentleman who is 103 he seems dedicated and awesome I would love to meet him and have a long chat I hope he is still living and pushing on
Alvin and the dumpster trucks
This is comparable to watching an emaciated drug addict review all the best trap houses in which to purchase meth.
George Motz is a cool dude. He should have his own episodes heavy on historical burger facts.
Til the casket drops. Haha
Hope that you get to try Pal's in the Bristol Va/Tn area
Hickory burger no 🧀
3:59 How many staaaars are in the skyyyyyy
Dude could be Johnny Knoxville's dad
You guys keep doing east coast and west coast when you coming to the Midwest.
9:07 doesn't this dude work at complex?
Dream of Califorication.
that 103 y/o guy is a champ
the 103 year old man looked pretty good for 103
Maybe Alvin should go plant based like Kevin Smith and try the impossible and beyond burgers
Mr. Cailan...  I love you.  We love you.  So do something so you can stick around for a while, okay?  End of sentence.
that pie needs a revamp i dont care what you said that pie look old and wayyyy tooo stuff and unbalance
Best episode so far!
This dude dreaming about burgers lol calm down
Sigh. The host is a liar at this burger place. Be honest man. We ain't gonna hate you for that.
Jack black should be in this
LOOKS LIKE ALVIN ATE ALL HIS CHIPMUNKS AND THEN SOME
nah Wendy's invented the drive thru.
Thank you for a good video!
Outro music: People under the stairs - Eat Street
i'm so hungry
i didn't eat dinner so i'm dying
Dude 103 years old. If hw can eat that many burgers and live that long ill be fine
Burger Scholar?? Hah.. give me a break
103-year-old damn
I love the host, but he legit doesn’t care about his health enough to at least get a Diet Coke 😂
The lack of continuity in the register price is killing my soul
"How much do I love Apple Pan?.. How many StARs!..r in ThA SKY!"
I'm happy for this guy but yet I'm sad for him coz.... Dude his health.... He needs to lose weight badly..... Be fit and enjoy food... This guy bongs and eat that's the danger right there...
FWF needs a new host for this show. This guy doesn't fit at all. I don't think he interviews the guests very well, and just comes off as very boring. Not even gonna go into his disheveled appearance.
That is awesome👍👌👏👏
Have they always used Tillamook cheese on the burgers since day one? Just curious...
Have you ever tried McDonald's
More lettuce would probably do homie some good, the fupa getting a little out of hand
you know a place is good if it's been open that long and only serves three things...
I love that they kept the original style of the restaurant. So sad that I've visited LA and never stopped at this guys to enjoy their food.Definitely on the list for the next trip to LA:)
I bought his book behind your show, he owe you a bump lol
im tripping off like 7 grams of shrooms and they seem geeked asf
Now THIS is what I subscribed for
Dude will be dead by 2020. Heavy days.
New York is pizza first and foremost. Connecticut is where you want to go for burgers.
Genuine question here..... lettuce tomato pickles etc etc under the burger, or on top? So many people/places do it differently! Which one is the truly correct way?
Love it. But theres starting to be a little to many references to in-n-out
i love burgers, and i love this channel, but i just cant get on board with this host.
Burgers and Pies, OH MY! :)
People Under the Stairs in the outro makes it LA-git
GREAT VIDEO!! need to go there next time i visit cali!!
The Hollywood sign, forget it. Chinese theatre, nope. Disneyland, not interested.
Visit LA to try an apple pan burger, an in and out burger, a shake shack burger, oh yes! I'm saving up and going on a diet to make this happen
best burger in the world...right.fatso hasnt been outside USA..
what kind of money do they pay their staff for these dudes to be able to work there 40 plus years??
$91.00 was probably the amount of change?
I just had supper but now i am so hungry again, what the hell??
"I usually don't get lettuce" You don't say.
George is Johnny Knoxville's twin. Same face and voice. Different hair.
I want one of these burgers. No ketchup, though. Ketchup absolutely overpowers everything else and ruins hamburgers. IMO
thumbs up if you would watch a series on alvin's fitness journey
Alvin ate all the chipmunks
PhB, doctoral degree in Burgers.
pan pineapple apple pan xD
Sorry, Alvin, that everybody feels the need to judge you.  You do you man. You only live once and you're doing the way I want to; on the quest for the world's greatest burger :)
103 "I have come here as long as I can remember", so at least a couple of days then!
George is  a way better burger "scholar" than that pretentious, self-named "professional carnivore", nick solares
that other guy looks and even sounds a little like johnny knoxville
alvin i want to see you on youtube for many years to come, go easy on the food, great show though
my word that bloke is hugeeee, needs to chill with burgers if you ask me
Every place that he has gone in LA on this show he talks about like its is favorite and the most amazing thing in the world.
guest looks like johnny knoxville in about  20 years
Love the show, i like this burger rig, very original and without the shmultz brilliant
I still love Motz fried burger recipe.
Old guy looks and talks like an old Jonny Knoxville
3:59 this guy makes my blood boil
4:02 so 0 cuz stars are in space not the sky
Is it just me or does homie look exactly like Johnny Knoxville?
Shout out to bobs big boy
Damn that dude has gotten big..
lol the guy thinks people are diggin thru the trash for his ingredients.... lol nah u in California those people are just hungry
PUT THE FORK DOWN, SOUT-EAST ASIAN MAN!
did that guy say 103 years old??? holy crap i want one of these magic burgers!
This show is clearly bad for his health
He should come to Ohio and go to Crabils
Its on West Pico near the 405. It is my favorite burger on earth. Found out about it thanks to Huell Howser. Drove 300 miles and wasn't disappointed. It is a hole in the wall and it is smaller than the camera projects. Awesome, none the less.
10:00 I'm not normally a pie person but I would definitely be down for that apple pie.
Compton classic burger places have similar amount of working people
Dude ...slim down !!! What da hell ! This is only possible im America ! Dammit
Thicc Asian boi talks about burgers with wolverine's dad
6:02 - 6:09   LUL
Love your guest dude, the chino is so damn fat mannn
That guy reminds me of Bill Walton
I love the host and I'm worried about him
"my name is <insert random noise here> ive been coming here as long as i can remember"
Alvin, great episode! Both episodes with George Motz make me aware that New Orleans is very far from the burger joints on both coasts and in the midwest I need to visit.
Y'all coastal elitists need to hit a Wisconsin Butter Burger joint, and until you do so your opinion is heretofore HIGHLY lacking of burger research... And "Shite Castle" DOES NOT COUNT!  Mazo's in MKE, Sully's in Glendale, Kopp's in Greendale AND in downtown MKE, Elsa's in dowtown MKE  sheesh, even Culver's in the regional Midwest might give you some semblance of the best available burger in the US of A...  Don't knock it 'till you've tried it!  All these bells and whistles are standards here in Brewtown.  Just sayin'
My favorite restaurant in the world. yes. Hickory burger with cheese, no pickles  a Coke and an apple pie please.
this is a well done channel, the host is very savvy
They locked the dumpster up?! Yo, that's insane. I have got to get there.
Thought Yokozuna died, Someone call Vince McMahon, he needs this
We can tell that you don’t usually get lettuce 🥬!
George Motz needs his own show. Alvin needs a treadmill with an attached defibrillator.
Why does he remind of Jimmy from hardcore henry
Alvin, take care of urself
It's the steamed hams dude from last season!!

If he's still alive eating burgers after all these years we at least have 2 more years of this show minimum.
I want to hate this series and I want to pass on the episodes, but I can't.  The series is great, interesting, and informative.   Burgers are so pedestrian, played out, etc, yet the host keeps me coming back and watching.  Love to be on an episode where I tell you how I'm sick of burgers, and can't imagine you have anything interesting to to say about them, yet i keep watching your episodes. Great job
Give this show to George Motz instead.
I thought the first drive thru restaurant was Red's Giant Hamburg in Springfield MO in 1947.
Why do they keep changing their answers of how long they've worked there.
alvin iz ZADDY
Thumbnail looks like that d-bag ted nugent
Skip to 3:58😂
I love this burger dude
George seems cool asf 😎 bet he smokes bud .
Just being honest I went there once... It was no big deal riza...
Adding this to my bucket list.
My people always in the kitchen, classic LA.
Tillamook representing!
All the camera cuts are him getting heart attacks mid shoot
Dude's killing himself this is painful to watch
Epic, I always make a fake shake burger then eat it while watching an episode.
A burger a day keeps the doctor away
He needs to be on The Salad Show
Bless that 103 year old man. May his days to his end be never be dull and full of joy.
Pineapple pan





PPAP
Going to Los Angeles for the first time in 2 weeks. Wonder if I should try this place or In n out? 🤨
Guys, its 2019. Alvins not fat. Hes pregnant, lay off.
My man never went to Baker's tho!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
holy fuckk!
Alvin, you have a restaurant?? What's the name and where?
Contribute age diagnose cost impressive bathroom conventional.
can George Motz just host this show instead
love the show but Al looks like he could drop dead at any moment. please get healthy pleaase love u
Dunno what all the hate is about, this guy's great!
I have a Pan... I have an Apple.... Unh... Apple Pan!
That dude is a hundred and three. I hope I live that long.
My boi is thicc!
I love the show but seriously you need to get your health in check before it's too late. I don't want you to end up with early passing.
So glad you shined a light on the Apple Pan. From the burgers to the pie. Sooo good. Might I also recommend the tuna melt, and make sure to get the fries well-done. Makes them perfect. But in all honesty, Apple Pan is actually the 2nd best burger in LA. If you've ever been to Bill's Burgers in Van Nuys (a much less inviting part of town than West LA), then you know exactly what I'm talking about. Maybe next season?
First We're Obese 😊
so im guessing this place will be non-stop busy for the next 3 years... thanks a lot YouTube!
4:01 Brendan Fraser?
What's the outro song?
Motz is a boss. Love that guy. Still miss his show on Food Network.
Has been coming there for 30 years. Doesn't know about a secret menu... ok
Maybe First We WorkOut?
Why don't people care about their health? They just eat their way to the grave.
are we going to avoid the fact that he looks like jonny knoxville? just chubbier
stars in the sky got me 
i’m using that from now on 
teleport me to Apple Pan
So we just sit here and watch this host slowly kill himself? Interesting.
Definitely the best burger joint I've ever been to. If you don't mind standing up for the first 20 minutes waiting for a seat, it's 100% worth it
Solid Clipse reference.
That's how you put on the                  P O U N D S
There’s a place in Noosa, QLD, Australia called Betty’s burgers, if you’ve got the budget fly out you won’t regret it
That's what Johnny Knoxville will look like in 10 years? Cool.
Pineapple pen, ahh, pen pineapple apple pen
damn. does dude ever venture away from the west side?
Such a simple yet beautiful burger.
I threw up in my mouth when Alvin dropped that red sauce onto his fries
This show would be great except for the host. He's just not interesting, which would be fine except he won't stop slowly talking about himself in a monotone every 5 seconds.
That dude was 103 he looks fantastic
"I usually don't get lettuce" pfft like we couldn't tell
"I don't usually get lettuce"... NO, really?
Bump Alvin.  Dude is a terrible host.  Just fold this in to Sean Evans catalogue of shows and call it good.
"I haven't had a steak burger in a while..."
Why the f#*k you lying... Why you always lying?
George looks like a cross between Ivan van Norman and Eric Campbell
So, honestly.. what's with the snub on the legendary butter burgers from Milwaukee? You talk In-N-Out and Shake Shack, but what of Culver's? Even better, come to Milwaukee and enjoy a butter burger and some amazing frozen custard from Kopp's. Don't be so coastal!!
When he said they only use the center part of the lettuce aka that super crunchy crispy part. SOLD 100 SOLD. Classic burgers like that are the business i go to. That fancy stuff is nice and cute but... its like a bloody mary keep it a drink dont put a bacon, fried cheese and shit in my drink i just want the drink. I work at a restaurant,  but woo 40 years though damn that guy is sick!!!!!
3:01 white stands for cleanliness, remember it's ok to be white
Host should lose some weight before he dies prematurely
burger historian??? Lol..... You americans are strange sometimes ;-)
Who own this Apple Pan place?
I pray for the caregivers once he needs medical care #liftassist
Every time I watch this show i'm like, "damn, LA is only 6hrs away, i could make it there tonight if I leave now..."
I mean...it's kind of crazy to say one of the major selling points is how everything stayed the same and it's different from all the 'hype' places, but then you go and make your own animal style secret menu lmao
Looks good. Im hungry. Dame
The burgers looked good , But the pies looked like slices of Heaven .
This guy changes his fav burger place every video
Can you guys please get this man a salad show? Love his personality.. just sayin tho
😂😂🤣Alvin talking about this being be on his bucket list,,,ssshhhiiitttt you need to lose at least 50lbs to keep this season going,and hopefully next episode u won't have on the damn black hat and shirt on😂😂😂no matter what town u in,u got the same setup on
Alright now, who edited this? 09:00
Jesus could you imagine how heavy his casket would be? Wheel him in on a cart or something
I was actually concerned for my dude Alvin. Kind of relieved that some people feel the same way, but here's the thing. I want to work out with the dude so I could get some weight in lmao
One of my favorite things about modern society is that no matter what you're into, there's a way to make a living from your passion. I'd have never believed burger historian could be an actual thing, but here it is.
No sheez, no bueno!
103 years old wow.
In N Out Burger is a west coast only chain. And they got awful fries.  Shake Shack is the East Coast Equivalent and they got good fries.
U gotta have the lettuce man.. look at urself... a walking cholesterol..
Much  love from the uk bro
This host makes me fall asleep. An the fact that I have to watch him gobble food when he should be miles away from it... 

Pick a guy that can speak enthusiastically without being out of breath.
holy shit that 103 man
Bruh Alvin fix yer neck beard... like deadass you’re gonna end up eating some in your burgers.
A burger scholar...pretty sure that's not an actual thing.
Should make the host do a salad show for a bit
I'm drooling.....
Hickory with 2 Patties, make a double double out of your apple pan. Do it right... you heard it here first
Alvin reminds me of my cousin Linda.
I would like for one of these episodes to not talk about In-N-Out, so tired of hearing that name in these episodes.
I do love some Tillamook cheese, but I have to say that "hickory" sauce looks pretty terrible. But I will have some and edit this comment. Might be a few months, I have to fly cross country for a burger now.
I'm concerned foe the hosts health
Bro this guy is going on a obesity show after all these episodes
10 episodes and reusing guests. Dead show
is all that red sauce ketchup? too mach if so but i still gotta go try it
Man.. I know you love food but if you care about yourself, lose some weight! You can eat good food still! BUT NOT ALL THE TIME!!!!!! Worried my man, not judging.
This video should have been 4 minutes.
FUPA MASTER
the 103 year old guy deserves a nobel prize
I grew up right down the street from the Apple Pan, it's an institution
I feel bad for that host. Big medical problems.
All hail George Motz doing the burger work out there
Dude Alvin gettin' huge
Like the host, like the content. Let him be like he wants.
How many times did they have to stop filming so they could use that register? The displayed amount changes about 50 times. lol
I said this before: old dude's out here looking like Sean Schemmel's dad.
"burger historian"
Mad props to that 103 year old. I know guys in their 60s-70s that get heart burn from burgers but this dude is still goin
I will check this place out though!
103 years old
I wonder if Alvin thinks wearing all black makes him look leaner?
Do NOT watch this hungry..
Dis place prob influenced the krusty krab yo
Your map of North America is very wrong
Pen Pineapple Apple Pan
Lol some of them have been working there longer than the host of this show is going to live .
Alvin the Hamburglar
Did the cook say Gene Kelly visiteed Apple Pan??
@5:59 He looks terrified that he's about to eat vegetables.

A friend of mine doesn't get why I put a lot of lettuce on burgers, and burritos. He says "Why‽ It has no taste!"  Well, aside from essential vitamins, without veggies in burritos and burgers, they're just mush. Lettuce adds texture, a nice crisp crunch, and then a release of moisture. It's filling too.
George motz is the OG
I've lived in LA for 28 years, and never even heard of this place. What's wrong with me?!
creepy guy in a red shirt should have been blurred out. he was enjoying his tv moment way too much
4:00 😂
Love the show. I do wish you guys would go to other burger places around the country. LA is cool and all but there are other awesome things beyond California
take that dude to a subway bec hes dying of hart failure before i post this commenent...
gotem
Burger Wolverine seems fun to hang out with
George is awesome to listen to.
Other great L.A burger places to check out. 
Tommy's Original chili burgers- if you like chili. 
Pink's Hot Dogs on Melrose & LaBrea. Famous for chili dogs, but makes great chili burgers too. 
Carney's on Sunset. It's a Train Car, you can't miss it! Another place famous for chili dogs and burgers. 

There are many mom and pop burger stands that are great, too. Jimmy Deans on Foothill in Sunland is great. 
Kings Japanese burgers on Reseda in Reseda is great. They make a great burger and fries and also have Japanese food too. 
There are so many great little places in the greater LA area, it's unbelievable. I have lived there for over 45 years and have been to I can't even count how many! Some great, some good, some meh. But it's fun to go try new places. I had an ex girlfriend who loved to do that. We'd get in her convertible jeep, and "go on safari" as she'd say and try somewhere new.
8:40 "I'll be here until... Oh shit not that long... "
This man just said that the depression was over in the 20s... boy!
Super nice... i hope i can taste one of those
Oops, guess the apple pie goes a long way
Tillamook cheddar!!
Where can I obtain a degree in burger history?
Guys I'm pretty sure Alvin is the same weight here as he is in all the other episodes. So what is it about this episode specifically that has everyone freaking out? I don't see hardly any comments about his weight on the other videos. He's fat. Get over it.
Oh man how I want to visit Cali just for the burgers
That old man at 3:50 said he was 103 years old and he came here since the beginning! talk about loyal customers.
God that guy is 103 O.o
Logan after retired from x man look like
You need a new host. That guy has no self respect.
Yo Alvin you need to be careful
that banana cream pie tho...
they all work there 20+ years? thats older than most employees at other spots
When do I get to see first we feast do juicy Lucy stuff in Minnesota
Change the host, he’s boring, and the show cannot be helping his health
Host sounds drunk
Do the ultimate salad next.
I tried to hit LIKE three times.
How is the Asian dude still alive, he must weight as much as a freight train.
ordering milk like a psycho
This guy getting bigger every show
I wonder how much they make each time they mention In and Out.
3:50 103 years old...God bless you sir.
It just works
4:14 is that an old Farrah Fawcett?
At 6:33 I see a lot of pain
Wait... what happened to Sean Evans? Can you PLEASE bring him back?
Outro song?
Alvin, homie, you gotta drop the weight bro. Youll be dead in five years if you don't... Sitting and stagnation is our generations smoking. Get it done bro.
The dude with glasses has to be related to Johnny Knoxville from Jackass..
Good to see James May
Ma men Alvin cant fit in a table no more 😐
i need to go to appale pean now
So are we all gonna watch as Alvin is killing himself more and more each episode with his apparent "meditation" honestly it's more of a concern than being entertaining he is already big as it is and the show isn't helping it's not on us to make him help himself I am in no way trying to offend anyone it just comes to me as a general concern and he seriously needs to lose some weight for his own well-being and the fans who are saying stop fat shaming you aren't seeing what he is doing to himself but if any viewers are concerned as well comment and he may actually take the advice.
Alvin, buddy I LOVE this show. It feeds my passion for cooking, especially cooking traditional/radical burgers, pies and such... but most importantly I love its host, you... but mate, sorry to say this, you need to become healthier. You grow in size every video and because we (the viewers) love you so much, we want you to be healthy and safer. Please for your own sake, start thinking about your future, and start caring for yourself. Please take this in consideration Alvin! Love you...
Your viewers
👍🤤🤤👍
One day, Alvin's gonna sit in a chair and break it.
nostalgia culture needs to stop. Its one of the reason we have trump as a president
We need to bring fat shaming back instead of giving them shows...if you really cared you wouldn't get enjoyment out of someone killing themself. Just saying
This is like hiring a hardcore alcoholic to host "The Alcohol Show".
man..... the host should slow down a little bit. i mean, he is going to die in less then 10 years with that kind of diet.
I wish we had these types of places in Canada
They both eat about the same amount of burgers....yet the scholar is looking healthy af lol
There is so much hate about our host! Who cares if he's fat, we're here to enjoy the damn burgers and talk about food! This community should be about loving food, not shaming people. Get it together dudes!
All i know is the only reason i watch this channel is i like the host . Cool guy not gonna be the same show with out him.
Alvin has to lose weight like people are actually saying it's getting in the way of the show and I get it, he's a really good host but literally his weight is so distracting because this is a food show
Where’s the nore show? You gotta relax son.
#imissLoganpaul like I miss #ChrisRock
The big dude needs to slow down the burgers for a few years.... He won’t be alive much longer to enjoy them....
This clearly knows way more about burgers and burger culture than the host, and is way more charismatic. Why is he not the main guy on the show?
George is one of the few people who can rock the mutton chops
He needs to go to Hodads !!!! That place is 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥🔥 🔥
3:50 holy shit manny looks good for 103
Man the host is also really boring he just wheezes out stuff that doesn’t add anything and talks about himself. We don’t care, we don’t want to know about you tell us about your guest. If I never even seen the dude before and just heard his voice I’d be able to tell he’s morbidly obese. Talks slow like just talking is strenuous exercise and sounds like he’s talking with a mouthful of food at all times even when he’s not
Holy shit 5:21 you can see the guy behind George just trying to fight the urge to smack that junk food out of alvin’s hands
Hipsters get so excited for a burger served in paper instead of on a plate, lol.
Man I never checked these videos but man I’m glad I did it’s a shame that such dope videos get lost cause it’s not hot ones
too much sauce
The west coast sucks for beef they don't know beef and they don't know burgers.
god the gut on that guy...
A B S O L U T E  U N I T
man im worried for you
These burgers are  so good
I'm so sad because I'll most likely never eat here
So you make a burger show but dont know the history?
I'm gonna open a restaurant next to Apple Pan and call it Pineapple Pan
Port of call in New Orleans makes this place look like McDonald’s.
If California deported all of its undocumented immigrants, the state's economy would collapse. Most businesses and service industries would not be able to function. With California being one of the largest economies nation wide, that's food for thought..
I've just discovered this show. It is awesome, but let's hope the dude gets on a treadmill or something because he looks like he's going to keel over at any moment.
Dude almost broke the counter ha
Yo who made this burger!? Who made this burger man!?
STOP KILLING ALVIN
I went to the Apple Pan last year. It made me realize why I don't like "California-style" burgers: too much sauce, too much lettuce. Much prefer Midwest and NY smashburgers.
George is basically the host of this lmao. Alvin seems nice enough but he just lacks charisma imho.
I weigh 125 and this guy makes me feel like I'm too skinny
Anyone else thinkin “hold the mayo”
He really didn’t need those cheese fries 😂😂
I'm so cal born and raised and never ever heard of this place.
I wonder what Oppa would taste like
you guys should go to gasoline grill in copenhagen, its the guys behind Noma which started it
I love burgers and I love food shows but I legit can't watch this because of how unhealthy the host is.
Homie needs to do something about his weight. Watching him eat gives me anxiety. Get this man some help First We Feast and get our boy Sean in here.
In awe at the size of this lad. Absolute unit
The interviewer needs to stop eating burgers coz the risks are very high
P.U.T.S. at the end. They rep LA. And beers and burgers
PLS GET DRDISRESPECT ON HOT ONE!
George is American James may
Great review you guys!! Very entertaining. I grew up in LA county and never knew about this place. Next time I am there....
James May clone lul
Added to my places to go to during my so cal visit for sure.
Ok, I am a Texan and for us it is either Whataburger or Dairy Queen.
anybody notice how much this guy looks like sean schemmel
Why is he literally wearing the exact same clothes every single episode..
I need therapy.
George Motz should really be the host of this show. He has much better camera presence and charisma.
I love this show 😍🍔
HOW MANY STARS ARE IN THE SKY AHAHHAHAHA
man said his 103 years old and his sitting in a burger joint, eating a burger...
Make George Motz a regular guest
Fun to watch. Nice video🍔🙌
Nice 'burns bragh!
Love this show!
that man is huge
You gotta do a season in Texas man. We’ve got the best burgers here, go to blue sky burgers in Amarillo.
Alvin needs help, intervention or something
Wolverine is alive and well and he's into burgers now
Can a host be a biiit slimmer?
Didnt know whitey from Me,Myself and Irene was in this vid until 9:05
fat boi meets burgers obese ed guy
I just had my wisdom teeth pulled and can't eat anything solid, IDK why I am watching this..
Dude is 103.
Nothing makes me want to never eat another burger like watching an 800 pound guy talk about burgers.
I feel so bad for the big guys heart,  going to drop dead one day.
I think this is the first time I've ever seen a map of the US where Colorado isn't a square state.
im 205 pounds and i felt like a Barbie when i saw the guy
i give the host 2 years before his first heart attack
He looks like peter griffen when he had his food truck lol remember he ate so much of his own creation he got stuck in the food truck lmao hope it dnt go that far
In Illinois there is Maid-Rite; a loose meat burger, but delicious all the same. Oh, and pies.
Alvin you need to lay off the burgers for abit.
I love the apple pan—it’s an LA landmark. However their prices are way too high. Burger is great but isn’t that big and is mostly lettuce. Burger, fries, drink, and a slice of pie is almost 30 bucks there.
Try the Impossible Burger!  Really good and no animal had to die for it.
Apple Pan is legit.  One of my favorite spots in town. But LA’s best burger it is not. Close. Veeery close.  But not quite. 

The top honor belongs to Bill’s Burgers in Van Nuys.  I go out of my way to experience Bill’s because he keeps bankers’ hours and he’s 20 miles from where I work. But I can forgive that, since Bill—the master behind the century-old griddle—is 91. 

Bill’s is simple perfection: fresh beef, seasoned unevenly, so you get salty bites and peppery ones. A griddle that imparts the flavors of 90 years of burgers past. Simple dressing. And all served by an old curmudgeon who resents your patronage as an imposition until he recognizes your face on repeat visits. It’s perfection on a bun.
I love this series.
After watching the video I have deduced that these men like eating burgers
Damn, I would go to LA just to eat here.
I really loved this episode. Def have to visit here!
Good to see the staff are in good health! What's their secret!? No burgers?
If you guys ever end up in Mississippi, you should look for a place called "The Copper Kettle" in Coldwater. Their burgers are out of this world.
PUTS. YES. LA.
I stopped watching this video when he dumped all that ketchup on the fries.
I really wanna try that
A burger scholar
That pie is THICC
Who else thought it was Ted Nugent?
When a burger looks exactly and/or even better that advertised.
More like Cali burger show
More like Cali burger show
8:57
the borger show
8:38... so any second now?
Damn these burgers look mad tasty..wish they had these around where I stayed.
That is a big dude
HE IS JOHHNY KNOXVILLES LOOKALIKE. THUMB THIS UP IF YOU SEE IT :D
Hell yes
This show needs a new host
#savealvinfromobesity
103 year old dude looks in better shape than the host
Midwest is still the best.
That pie looked unreal
Here in the UK i have been going to the same Chinese Takeaway for over 30 years, you know why, its because their food has never ever changed, its the same recipe as it always has been and i love that.
definitely checking this place out when I visit LA
Come to the Midwest!
Is that a beard?
I love Alvin, but watching these you get the idea that he's kind of a picky eater. No lettuce on an LA burger?
8:21
GREAT JOB CHEF ALVIN WE LOVE YOU
I need a burger now
Alvin looks like he is going to die within the next five years. Don't be shocked folks.
update for everyone, Alvin is now only 160 pounds, hes lost a lot of weight through a diet. Hes now got a six pack
Man this content is great but the host couldn't be more boring. I think he seems like a very nice guy but maybe not meant for this line of work.
That guy sounds like a cartoon character
Booo...that 🍔 suksssssssss
Smh im fat too tho
That pie looks insane 😍
does anyone else think the burger scholar guy looks like Johnny Knoxville's older brother?
Alvin ate the chipmunks
I hate how slow Alvin speaks
Watching this show kinda feels like watching a heroin junkie collapsing their veins on camera.
Yo love the show but you gotta watch your weight man. Don't want you dying early. My uncle a bit smaller than you passed away early because of a heart attack.
This show is low key fueling his weight problem
103 yrs old with a burger, not everyday u see an old man with a greasy burger considering the negative impacts on health
I love food shows, and I love burgers, but don't ever say "The Mount Rushmore of burgers," it sounds really stupid.
absolute unit
I wonder if this is where MosBurger got their inspiration.
The ads are getting smarter..
man, fluffy really let himself go, way too many burgers
No show makes me more hungry or more influenced to visit my uncle in cali then this one!
Did that guy say he was 103? Doesn't look a day over 90
Idc sue me, but in n out taste exactly like whataburger
what about pineapple paaaaann?!?!?!
yeah, but that pie.
dude in black shirt needs to loose weight if he wants to keep on living.... love the place, will go there if i ever go to LA
Save yourself bro
Pen pineapple apple pen
I prefer Steak n Shake over In n Out
Every burger place is  Alvin's favorite place. I've seen him say that in pretty much all the spots he's been.
These videos make me seriously envy people living in America with access to these food places...
It’s cute how Americans think 71 years is a ‘long time’ 😂😂😂
3:52 Wow! He looks really good for 103!
I’m not a doctor but brother please seek a nutritionist. Might think about losing some...  but great video,
3:33 Isn't Red’s Giant Hamburg the first drive thru in America?
It’s aight.
A burger eating a burger
DOES HE HAVE OTHER CLOTHES?
What events and turns in life does one have to take in order to become a burger scholar?
Wait, it’s open an hour a day?
The apple pan is nice
I got a pan I got an apple ....
I need this. The pie, the burger...
Fat guy looks, talks and acts like Manny from modern family
The only thing that might help my dude is some meth
This guy should not be allowed to eat burgers.
He looks like Johnny Knoxville
The coasts can brag all they want, but Miller's in Dearborn, MI is still the best and simplest burger I've ever eaten.
Your boy better eat more lettuce
pen pineapple apple pan
Those pie slices are giant.
Who the hell thumbs downed this
6:22 cussing in front of the kids. lol
1:02 Gomez Addams in the house
1:15 Brown noser
I just came back from LA and this is a place I've been wanting to eat at for a while. The burger was fine but nothing spectacular and they had way too much lettuce on the burger. It looks like they don't even cut their own fries but have frozen ones instead as well. I didn't get to try the pie though but I would have loved to. I had high hopes for this place but ended up being disappointed in the end.
You guys have to go to The Big Dipper in my hometown (Owensboro,KY). It's been there since the 50's (I believe) and the burgers are amazing!!!!
At of all the places he's eaten at this place is probably the one I'd want to go to the most
Pie n Burger should be on here facts
I love this show
let's be honest we come here for hot ones with Sean Evans
Drinking game: Take a sip every time someone comments on the host's weight and die of alcohol poisoning within 10 minutes.
I went there and it was pretty good.
I have tried burgers quite a few times and I really just do not like them, but I love this show man.
🇧🇸
f bombs well deserved
Is he still alive? (Host)
The host looks older than the 103 year old lmfaoo
homage'  ugh....
cant hold a line cook for over a year? I'm a line cook your place must suck then lol
I want to be a burger scholar
Those burgers definitely looked good and now I’m in the mood for a burger, but that was hardly what I would call an explanation of anything. It was pretty much just an advertisement for a burger joint.
When are you going took the Pick-Quick in Fife Wa or Dick's in Seattle? Fine I get it In and Out is good, but we don't have those here. You could probably get Sir Mix Alot to co-host with you. He DJs a radio statio up here and on his album Swass, he rapped about Dick's burgers on the song My Poss's on Broadway.
borgar scolar
that burger looked like hot trash
I hope to try this place out on my trip to L.A. next month.
Those burgers look sooo good.
You can see the host tried all the burgers ... everywhere ... ever.
Wooo that's a whole trunk load of gut. This dude's legs look like 2 pencils taped to a beach ball.
We can tell that Alvin doesn't get lettuce often
Dude hangs dong
I want to go here more than anything in the whole entire world!
You should keep doing food videos... but switch to healthy oned man... don't let these videos take your life
I have a pan, I have an apple. BOOM APPLE PAN
I don't really believe Alvin loves food as much as he makes it out. Just not buying it.
Whats the outtro song?
cheddar > american "cheese"
Holy shit, man... you're not going to live very much longer if you keep this lifestyle up. Now I understand why you always wear black.
borgar
Wow, 3:54. Did the guy just said he's 103 years old? Really? Are you kidding me? He looked 85.
damn, you know you're obese when you can't prop both your feet while sitting.
Bro. White Manna. Go to White Manna.
Will the fat guy ever do anything besides repeating the other dude and saying "yeah"
Alvin's going to get diabetes before the end of the year
Big Dean's in Santa Monica has a double bacon cheeseburger that is the best burger I've ever eaten.
Get this host outta here.
The fat guy says the word "Like" 38 times!!
this guy shouldnt be eating burgers
Some needs to call me a cardiologist when I get there.
They should train blonde girls to make and serve those burgers, I want to see some European faces working in fast foods for a change in LA, for the sake of diversity and inclusion
Theo Von
where the east coast episodes man? i cant visit these places
Midwest burguer > All
103 years old
That  register changed like 4 times
I prefer these old places always help these small businesses
been there. its aight.
This show will be the death of Alvin...
'normally I don't get lettuce', yeah, I can tell. How about next time you get a salad and a long walk?
Favourite burger spot in the world?! Than you probably haven't try Fergburger in Queenstown, New Zealand.
0:37 eyebrows on fleek
Is this the last episode? That boi bout to die from a heart attack before the next one.
Hey the Mexican chef at 9:00 was describing dance. Don’t cut him out!
Why is this in 720p
Dude better stop eating burgers yo
103 years old ? dang
Alvin I think you're great but I think you should diet before it's too late
Im pretty sure every burger the host eats becomes the best burger in the world 🤔
LA prob has better burgers than NY. It’s just that NY has just too much pizza. Pizza is the burger of NY.
Americans think 71 years is a long time for a restaurant hahaha
50% bun, 30% lettuce, 10% sauce, 10% burger
Not a burger
the host sucks up to every guest he has on. For example seth Rogan he bragged about how much "weed he smoked" and then in this video he talks about how the apple pan is his favourite bigger place and just repeats everything the guest talked about the "simple burger"
An American James May
OMG.....I am sooooooooo HUNGRY now.   INCREDIBLE burger joint.   I could eat there 7 DAYS a week.
why is alvin a host? he stumbles on his words a lot
I want...
I was going to say both of those burger options are sweet. Not everyone likes their burgers sweet. But the workers who have been there for so long, the classicness of it all, the fresh cool crunch of the lettuce in that burger, the tilamook cheddar pressed into the burger patty on the grill, I'd eat one just for the experience.
He needs to go to Matts bar in Minnesota for the original Jucy Lucy.
It that a gay alien on the right at 8:28
Does alvin have a second head in his neck
Funny how this host might die from hearth attack during this show, pretty disqusting imo.
Where I live we do not have this type of place. If we do its been taken over and sort of gentrified and the price for a burger alone is $11-$14 CAD. Shame.
PUTS!
I have to go to this place.
That guy has eaten far too many burgers
Of course he gets the cheese fries smh
The parking sucks though
Just make George Motz the host of The Burguer Show, Alvin brings nothing fresh and to the table. Dullest host ever.
4:20 Fatso almost getting a heart attack
I watch these but then see the host and it takes away all motivation for me to eat burgers lolol
Wow that’s genius. Don’t do anything different, just wrap it in paper, and slap it on the counter....I’m Ron burgundy?
Rural America has better burgers.
so let me understand this right a 103 year old man has come here to eat burgers for as long as he can remember and he looks healthy and 103 years old
riding on the backbone of a burger made in the midwest...
Did that guy say 103 years old???
I want to eat there
North America*
Damn I honestly worry for this guy’s health....he looks like he swallowed himself from 3 years ago in those early eggslut videos.
A burger is an occasion food.  My family have a burger about every two months. I don't eat them with the meat, I give the meat to the dog or bring it home for the dog.
apple pan sucks lol
The host is looking really unhealthy, he’s getting larger with every show. You can indulge in good foods and still be healthy man, exercise and eat in moderation. It makes it difficult to watch his stuff as he is killing himself with each bite.
I’m sorry... all I kept getting distracted by.... pen pineapple apple pan
Not the best burger in the world get out of here. holeman & finch in atlanta
I hope this guy don't die.. But how can his body support him
This guy still reminds me of Sean Schemmel.
there's a place like this in portsmouth newhampshire that's been there forever. .... Gilley's, i used to live in Portsmouth, that's the best hang out for late night stoner snacks.... home of the cheese fries, still served out of the same trailer they had in the 40s, it's like a mobile home sort of, you guys should go there , they been a company since 1912 http://www.gilleysdiner.com/history.html probably america's first burger place, i dunno, it was on wheels in 1912 look at the old photos
Glad they didnt ignore the pies lol I was eyein those bad boys
If you're not using bison for the ground it's not gonna be the best. Bison is literally better than ground beef in every single way. Taste, texture, health, everything except maybe price.
Hey first we feast. Hoook your boy up with a  show so I can travel and eat great food
He's getting bigger..
Why does the host annoy me ???
I want to go here.
I have a pan
I have a apple
uh
apple pan
feel bad for that host, hes so fat. He might not make it another season.
Hes not fat yall just morbidly underweight.
I just looked up how long it would take to get there form Ohio witch is where I am it takes 1 day and 7 hrs omw with a group of friends next weekend let’s goooo
Peep Gomez Addams at 1:01
Oh boy needs to get healthy... He’s gonna die in his 40’s if he doesn’t do something quick.
Obesity is not really cool...
What do I have to do to be considered a burger scholar
This is getting morbid.
3:53 DAMN 103 years old
the morbidly obese show
Booooooriiiiiiingggg
I ate here about a month ago and saw Cenk Uygur from TYT eating next to me
The white did not stand for cleanliness. It stood for racism.
I;'m no stoked on ppl being mean to Alvin in the comments . Get over yourself.
It’s over rated.
Uuuunnnhh
No offense, but the host has to exclude junk food from his menu if he wants to live another decade.
We love Alvin! Thats why we'd prefer he doesnt die X( he should take a little hiatus and sort his weight out. No one minds a big boy hosting a burger show but past a certain point its a legit health risk. No one wants to see Alvin suffer hes such a happy dude
Great video 👍
First we Feast... you guys gotta take notice of all the people concerned about the host. It's real.
Dead prez be healthy
In and outf is California  trash that needs to just go away
He looks like he's losing weight. Good for him.
i hope Alvin loses some weight so we can have him healthy and for longer..
You lost me less than 10 secs in and I saw you smoosh the burger with the spatula😫😕
103 and eating burgers. We should all be so lucky to live that long and be healthy enough to eat burgers at that age. Damn son!
That guy is morbidly obese. . .
Food show with an obese host is like an ad saying "our product will kill you slowly". Not trying to shame, and not that I'm super against fast food. It's tasty and it does give you so much pleasure, but you need balance in everything, otherwise it's all going wrong. Eat well, do some sport, sometimes treat yourself with some fat or sugary goodie, but don't eat that on regular basis. Don't drink coke instead of water. This type of fat doesn't go away easily and it's super dangerous. Type 2 diabetes, heart diseases - that's not a fairy tale...

Alvin, bro, consult a nutritionist and follow his advice. Eat more vegetables and fruits, drink water. Sport is good, but it won't help too much if your diet is very fat/sugary.
Alvin is looking incredibly unhealthy...on the fast track to heart disease. Guys please, give this man a break.
For me it's the best burger in the world, and by the looks of him he's tried every burger in the world, for the sake of his own health he needs to lay off them for a while.
Let’s find an episode where in n out isn’t mentioned. I’ll wait
NYC has as many burger joints as SoCal has, they also have a lot of proper sit down restaurants with fantastic food (often they cost the same as the fast for joints) which is wy New Yorkers eat in restaurants so much and they enjoy great burgers there as well.
Damn that guy is so fat it's makes me uncomfortable see him talking about food
The art of eating yourself to death
Sorry to ruin your cool dumpster story but most dumpsters in cities are locked
Thought it was big pun in the thumbnail.
This show needs a new host. Aside from being a fat lardo he sucks at interviewing and comes off as awkward
nigh excuse to get that big comon some help him
For only $8 you can get the best burger over in Texas
That olden times cash register is a continuity nightmare. LMK if you want me to Jurassic-Park-CGI-fix that shit. I'm broke so I bought an XL tshirt but I'm broke so I can't  buy food so hire me bro so I can fill out this shirt. Nothing worse than a shit shirt.
Apple Pan is the shit. I remember my first burger from there when I was 4
Is it just me, or are these videos just getting repetitive?  It's just another smash patty burger with cheese fries..
Why don't you try burgers with real bread? This looks like crap.
I'm visiting LA in October. Def gotta stop here.
Bro everyone saying this show is killing this guy, 
fat host eats like one burger this episode...
That fella might wanna take a burger break
LA has the superior hamburger. San Bernardino with McDonald's, In-N-Out, Big Boy, and even the Johny Rockets follows this base structure. Compare it with NY and other copycats such as Shake Shack and others (taste like grease and are inferior). Whataburger and others try to copy the Cali model. And they are superior.
Roy Orbison, died because he only ate burgers... Gary Moore, died because he only ate burgers... 

both musicians I admire and listen to a lot, well not so much Roy these days... but Gary I listen to a lot... still got the blues for you my mate... 

burgers are not very good for you in the end. Neither of these men were obese... obesity doesn't necessarily mean you will die from being fat. It's the fat that gets into your organs, heart, liver, and so on, the fat you can see is not really the issue in the end, it's the fat you can't see that kills you.

it's why older, super fit runners, die of heart attacks, their diet has fat that is absorbed by their organs. Just because you exercise a lot, doesn't mean your diet won't kill you. The stomach is a brain all of it's own, and we need to listen to it.
The burgers are $8.10 now without cheese...
3:42 That is a Diesel watch. Quartz movement. Ranges from 150-450 USD depending on the model and distributor.
1:01 Having Steve Buscemi serving you burgers is more than worth the price of admission
What song is that at the end of the video?
Apple Pan is open late. We used to hit it after gigs.
man you can love burgers all the way, but pls get a grip, you are a fat monstrosity and will probably be dead in 5 to 10 years. it also looks disgusting, get a grip on your life dude.
Alvin has a coke, smears lettuce (veggies), and dumps sauce all over his cheese fries. God I'm watching a suicide.
That burger looks disgusting , unedible!
Poor Alvin, he'll die of a heart-attack from so many burgers he's having out of these episodes. Not like he should be eating so much being how thicccc he is tbh :/
Not to be mean....but the host maybe shouldnt be eating burgers and cheese fries.
That is a horrible green map of the States
Is this advertisement? Old but what's special taste?
This guy is killing himself. It sucks to see how unhealthy he's looking with each passing day. Please, first we feast, don't let him eat himself to an early grave.
The host makes me not want to eat a burger
I love this segment even though I’ve been throughly disappointed with the times I’ve tried egg slut. Sounds like he makes a better burger then argh sandwich. There not good.
This is just sad man. It’s like if you had somebody with lung disease chain smoking and hosting a show about cigarettes... just feels uncomfortable. Watching this dude kill himself is not entertaining. If he took care of his body to compensate for what he’s eating then sure
white manna.
You look like you need one of those lettuce buns.
Somebody better have bought that 103 year old his meal.
I don't like cheese
it irks me how fat alvin is, what happens to the show when he passes away...
bringing back DEM MUTTON CHOPS!!!!!
the burgers are not that great. and the fries suck.
It's become disgusting to watch him eat.  He's beyond morbidly obese.  He's literally killing himself with every bite.  I can't support this any longer.
Im sorry but can i call that guy humongous chungus?
not able to like this, the host is killing himself
My god that fat guy gonna have a big health problems....
i don't want to sound mean or anything, but why does he try to grow a beard? it looks so bad.
You usually don’t eat lettuce with a burger? What do you mean?!
103 years old huh? No, you're a 76 year old liar.
Not hating on the burgers. But I like pizza moar so when's the pizza show coming?
After seeing how Alvin looks, no burger will look appetising, he just looks extremely unhealthy and very huge, making you feel guilty thinking about burgers instantly. It just doesn't work.
so obesity
Las where the Burger is at and NY is where the best pizza is at. Sorry Chicago but you’re deep dish sucks.
Alvin, Action, and Matty... love you guys but you guys all need to watch your fn weight, it’s going to cause problems and that’s the last thing all of us want for you guys.  You guys have the benefit of affording a good excercise coach and dietician.  Do it.
Couple of more burgers and this eggslut founder is gonna keel over dead, like a beached whale.
Some of these look super greasy 😷
How is this 103 year old still walking around and eating a burger? I gotta know the secret.
Bruh seriously you dont even fit in the seat
The show is awesome, but damn it’s hard to watch a man that’s well over 300 lbs eating himself to death.  Get a new host....
We're watching suicide by calories, slowly but surely, with these videos. Fat boy Asian gotta chill out or he won't make it to 50.
I see alot of people on here making comments genuinely concerned about Alvin's health. Then come the people who say stop shaming. But honestly man the "stop shaming" viewers who support this man guzzling burgers for the views, you are the problem. This is an addiction, you guys are the enablers. This man needs help, FWF should be ashamed of themselves for letting this guy be the host of the burger show. Put him on the salad show for Christ's sake.
Alvin said don’t get me wrong I still love NY burgers. Too be honest I don’t think there’s many burgers Alvin would say no too.
Never really understood the appeal of the basic cheeseburger - gimme some fancy bois pls
This guy should lose some weight.
Take 6 months off and drink only green vegetable juice then come back with a new theme
Americans love indulging in gluttony.
You subtitled this Indian chef who spoke clear English but you gave no subs for the 103 year young gentleman who I could not understand the first time. Please subtitle based on how one speaks and not whether English is someone's first language. Awesome video regardless :) Love you guys :D
People keep talking about Alvin’s health.. I’m not into glorifying over weight people, but I’m also not into fat shaming. If he is happy with HIS life than who are we to judge? We all pass away one day, if this makes him feel like his life is worth living than we should all accept that. He is the one who lives with all of this, not any of you who judge.
Judging by the size of Alvin he won't be eating burgers for much longer. Please lose some weight and respect your body Alvin!
oh my gosh please don't peddle this crap about LA. that place is garbage.just because it's old doesn't make it good. look at the crowd and how dead it is.
this guy is morbidly obese. i hope he doesn't get a heart attack soon.
Alvin, at least shave that pube beard. It looks like you're in high school and just discovered you can grow facial hair for the first time. It looks stupid.
Stop dicking around and eat it.
Apple pan? Sick overrated. You want a bomb burger? Go to BIG D’S in Whittier
Man I get you love food and I do love the show but the whole I never eat it with veggies and shit needs to change.You gotta lose some weight it's not good for you man.
I’m all for eating unhealthy foods, but damn, that dude needs to lose some weight.
This show would be better if it didn’t have a host that says shit like, “it really has that umptious factor, you know?”
Almost painful to watch this guy shove food in his pie hole....ha ha. Seriously that burger has no appeal to me, can't understand the obsession.
Now I'm not fat shaming, but homeboy is going to be dead soon and no one is saying like hey you can barely breathe while sitting down and eating a burger...for real get this obese dude help, like a muzzle.
How is this dude not in constant pain because of his weight?
Y’all leave my mans Alvin alone he’s just out here living, you do you Alvin!
This is awful advertisement for the apple pan, dude that guy is so fat it makes not wanna eat another burger in my life
This show sucks so bad, go somewhere out of L.A., there are so many burger styles across the U.S. and all you do is use hyperbole to talk about boring L.A. based burger places.
You need to go to the Food Exchange in Detroit and get a Big Baby burger.
You gotta try culver's. One of the OG smashburgers. WI represent.
I dont eat beef, but this show izzzzzzz
My sister used to live right up the street from the Apple Pan. So when it was a Friday, no school the next day, or during the summer, when brother and I could spend the night, we would always make a run to the Apple Pan. I love that place! The last time I was there I had boughten 8 burgers to have for later. I was living 200 miles than. Still have my menu as a keep sake. Man, I need to get back down there. 🏃🍔

BTW The first drive-through restaurant was created in 1947 by Sheldon "Red" Chaney, operator of Red's Giant Hamburg in Springfield, Missouri. Located on the famous Route 66, the restaurant served customers until its closure in 1984.
Hey, it's plain irresponsible employing this guy for a show like this. Seriously, it would be a fun watch, but the people who are very actively enabling this guy's slow, painful suicide are terrible human beings and I just feel bad every time Alvin shows up on camera.
/,
He's so fat though.
Only way this dawg will lose weight is to stop the weed and the munchies will stop
The host mentions in and out in every episode. Getting annoying. Not every burger joint needs to be compared to it.
I almost feel bad that us watching and making this show successful is indirectly helping this obese guy get heart disease.
Yo "burger scholar". White Castle is based in Columbus, OH. Fix your wildly inaccurate graphic not to mention history. Also, glad to see the old Burgar Land TeeVee show was able to visit Mississippi, New Mexico and Tennessee to name a few. All so famous for their burgers LOL. But you didn't do an episode on Ohio. Seriously? "Burger Scholar"? Seems like you need a remedial course. But hey LA is the center of everything brah!
Big dude ! Cool video!
Fat people always evolve ways to eat food haha
You really need to get someone else to do this show. Alvin is absolutely gigantic and eating more burgers is just gonna make him die faster. His weight will kill him if he doesn’t stop
Ew
Gross.
hello eggslut
i never understood americans how can they eat so much... eat to live, do not live to eat.
in two years im sure im gonna read on reddit that alvin is dead. dude take care of yourself
he is so fat and his face is gross with all the scars man if i was him id eat a buckshot
The egg guy does a burger show,don't mind him but I dunno if he fits the show seems like a Bronson or Matty type of spot,and he needs a egg or breakfast show yo.
Am I the only person that doesn't really like the host? He's kinda annoying and his dialogue is super one note. Like he wrote all the voice overs in one sitting.
Alvin that black shirt you wear to try to look less fat only makes you look like an inflatable extra hefty durable garbage bag. please lose some weight for everyone's sake
Sorry but I will no longer support this burger show. I can understand using food as "medication" from a psychological point. But, you're killing yourself. I won't support someone who wastes their life like this. Good luck.
4:01 isn't that a actor : i think its Dan Fogler
Californians really like the smell of their own farts don't they.
black guy will be dead by 50
dude you should stop eating you will probs get a heart attack bro... you can't eat beef for every meal or else you will get fat and unhealthy if you eat beef for every meal it really is not good for your health and you will get probably more and more fat , and maybe a more stupid again, plus a bit more fat, and also stupid. so don't eat burger every meal dude if you want to stay clever and not stupid as well as thin as in not being fat, and also more stupid
Dude plzz fire alvin....its for His own good
"Apple Pan is my favorite burger spot...I'd say in the world"
You were definitely hated by every person who sat next to you on a plane
Hodads in san diego, best burger around
This dude is obsessed with In N Out
Too much sauce. And we can tell that you don't like lettuce Alvin.
Can we stop fat-shaming Alvin?
Did Alvin just call a burger a power bar? no wonder he's huge...
dude do something for your health bro or you will explode!!!
Why couldn't they put subtitles at 3:50 I didn't understand one word that old man said.
Host , I know i'll be here till the casket drops ,  famous last words
'i cant help myself' explains the size
“ I usually don’t get lettuce”..... We know
Swearing in a family restaurant?
Fattie boy ruins the show
"im 103 years old and please just kill me so i dont have to get out of bed in the morning "
Why you gotta drop f bombs in front of kids and the old man?  That ain't cool bro.  Be aware of your surroundings.  Not cool.
Alvin the Big host who wears all black like a freaking Ninja needs to start throwing🤮 up after each meal it worked for a cousin of mine you lose mad weight doing so. I just pictured him eating Noah’s Ark including Noah himself 😬
What's your favorite late-night burger spot? Need those 2am recs...
T O   D R I N K   A   B U R G E R
I'll drive 50 hours to drink that burger
The first guy talking is juuuuuuust a little drunk lol
If you can spill your burger, you can drink it.
"Even.. if you come 1 hour ..and a half for the burger, to drink the burger...to eat the burger hick its worth it...."
That first dude is absolutely trashed.
"were Californians...we dont need tables. we dont need chairs. it is what it is"....LOL this guy ...bruh dont you look at me and tell me you dont need a chair
Something: happens
Alvin: THATS LA!!
Lots of very unhealthy people in this video.
Legend says the guy in the black tank top is still finishing his sentence
That intro was... something.
No tomatoes but extra cheese? wow. Atleast he got his veggies from extra onions.
My dude just compared chilli to splatoon, a man of culture as well
Thank God you did Tommy's. I was a little worried that you were going to do a series about burgers in LA and skip it! When I was a student at Caltech, we used to drive down from Pasadena the night the clocks were set back for daylight savings, get a burger, drive back, and we'd get back before we left for a negative time Tommy's run. We even had an algorithm for getting there; take the 101 to the Rampart exit and turn right at every stop sign and left at every stop light. $2 for a double chili cheeseburger and a drink. I'll never forget the night we pulled up after a symphony concert, dressed in blue blazers and ties, and a bus full of Japanese business men pulled up around 1 am and they all pulled out their cameras, taking pictures of everything. Everyone goes to Tommy's, for sure.
“The squirt is the most important part”
First guy was high as hell and wearing his gf's beater lol. Legendary.
Underneath everyone's over-sentimental platitudes, lies a deep, dark sadness.
Lose weight so we can keep watching your videos
dosen't say on the menu btw, 2 sec later it legit says SERVED w/ Chili
Those guys in the intro were definitely on something
The perfect place for those food cravings. Love the cars and the burgers look great.
Go Dodgers!
I think alvin should do a year of salad shows.
You guys are overcomplicating it. This is TOMMY'S! Don't need so special way or reason to eat it, you just DO. It's great chili at a burger joint, uniquely L.A.! It really is one of a kind Chili. My dad went to that original location when it was just the shack. Growing up, they had one near Hacienda Heights where my grandpa lived and no matter what we did there or ate, we usually stopped at a Tommy's nearby before heading home (toward SB county). However, I actually grew up with the Chili Dog. I think a lot of non west coasters find chili burgers strange, so I think that a chili dog and some chili fries is a good way to warm them up to the burger and tamale (of which I enjoy them all now). Today there are 2 Tommy's close to home in the Inland Empire, and I recently had the chance to try their breakfast, and it takes what would normally be a basic mcmuffin, to a new level with that chili on there. That being said, I have not tried the yellow peppers, so I think that will be my next trip.
Can't wait to drink a burger from Tommy's.
Dudes are so high at the opening of this clip. 🤣
Out of towners will never understand, this place is something you grew up on, it's like how some of the mid west and southern folk love waffel house. It's tradition, it's memories, it's.. home. True Los Angelinos know what's up. Thank you for the video, bout time Tommy's gets it's RESPECT!!!
dudes in the beginning WASTED lol too funny. Keep it up boys!
Alvin is great; he’s genuine, kind, firm in how he feels and best of all he’s being himself. Keep showing us what’s good man, we appreciate you and your crew
We out here sippin burgers
I used to bartend on Hollywood Blvd... I'd say late night, post shift, Tommy burgers were responsible for at least 10 pounds of extra weight I carried at the time!
"were Californians we dont need tables we dont need chairs " the dude is literally leaning up on that tale gate ready to pass out
"To drink a burger"  Lmao this dude was just a bit tipsy!! Gotta love it haha 😂😅

Ps: Hopefully his friend was the driver!
That looks so fucking good. But..
When I think of childhood memories of food it is always my mum or grandma. Never a burger shack 😂 That seems to be the difference between Germany and the US. And the human fat machines. You won't see those here either. That said... I love Merica. Greatest country in the world 👍😂
Back in the 80s my roommate and I used to go there to buy what we called double cheese grease bombs.
The grease leaked out the bottom of the bag.

Later I parked a limo on the street and bought some stuff for a guy I was training. His last name was Earp. Yes, that Earp.
They really have to dig deep to pretend like they enjoy such a mediocre experience. "GUYS WE'RE STANDING UP WHILE EATING.... THIS IS SO COOL"
Oh man,Tommy's,In'N'Out,and the Hat were some of my favorite spots to grab some good food on the go when I'm cruising through L.A.
Everybody interviewed was buzzing haha....only time I drink root beer is with a Tommy's burger
😀
They put that wasted guy in so we would roast him instead of the host. But pepperidge farm remembers
Hot peppers and chili burgers, good atmosphere, this is the SPOT!
It sounds like Roy Choi sounds like he was talking shit about it, but like hella casually 😂, like he did not sound excited about the chili, the spot or the vibe
At 4:02 left girl looks & sound like somewhat to  cardi b
Go Dodgers!!!
maybe eat a late night carrot once in a while.
"She's 41" Damn, way to expose your friend like that lol
jim's char-burger in hawthorne or  angelo's in garden grove. rod's in redondo beach
Are you sure that's chilly, Looks more like liquidized pig guts
You ABSOLUTELY GOTTA GO TO THE SNACK SHACK & BENARDS IN L.A. !!! THANK ME LATER
NOTHING!!! Beats a Tommy's Burger.
Tommy's > In-N-Out

I once came back to LA for a vacation but before I left, I bought a bunch of Tommy's chiliburgers, froze them and took them on the plane with me and had original Tommy's in the Midwest.
Oh, you're from Cali bro?! Super cool!
If you ever come to LA! Get a double cheeseburger with chili cheese fries extra onions & a bunch of ketchup on the side & chilies !!! Put a bunch of ketchup on the chili fires 🔥
The dude at the beginning of the video tho😂 that could have been the video and I still would have been satisfied lmao
I
Tommy's, In N Out, The Hat and Olvera Street taquitos is all I need to eat!
Damn i need to go to tha tplace when i go back!! OMG CHILI BURGERS LOOKS SO GOOD!!
I lived in LA many years ago - only 2 things I miss, the weather and Tommy's.
I used to get Tommy's until I was poisoned about 4 different times.
BRO, YOU GOTTA SHED SOME LBS, We need you around longer than just another 20 yrs.
I'm not familiar with chili (displayed here).
I know the pepper and I know some other forms of chili, but not this one.
What exactly is it and how does it taste?
oh man, I haven't had tommy's since 1989. The chili burger is awesome.
Lol he's all you know what's crazy the menu doesn't even say the burgers are served with chili and @ 1:52 the menu clearly says all burgers are served with chili xD
Eat some vegies dude you worry me
The best burgers ever. Maybe not the healthiest but surely delicious 🤤
They gotta start sending this guy to low key salad joints lmao
Drink a burger man!
Man I'm so thirsty for a tall glass of burger
Look man like I said before, take a break from the show. You need to get your health in check. Soon you won't be able to walk around to these spots. The show is amazing, but we can all wait for you to do this. Think about it?
"If you're true to LA if you were raised here its like a secret hand shake" I felt that one🤝
I ate Tommys as a kid ,growing up in Tijunga.I think they're the best burgers in Califas.
Firt time coming across ur vids. I like and will subscribe. Keep up the good work on exposing these hidden gems in our city
2:36 — FHRITP making a comeback.
what was that intro
0:01 when you have drink 10  burgers....
Dude you gotta lose weight man. Roy lost a bunch of weight, get the hint Homie?

You'll be dead in five years if you don't. You can eat what you want but damn, exercise... To add, when did that broad grow up? the 1930s? In and Out Burger's been around since 1948! About the same time as Tommy's. Both LA area icons.
Man....eating food is definitely “uniquely L.A.”
Do a episode on Jim's original and Maxwell's in Chicago the rivalry of being next to each other for many years
Fatburgers and Brolly hut in Inglewood.My childhood was to walk down the alley 3-4 street down and order a burger,pastrami burger,chili fries, pastrami fries,and so much more🤤
damn home boy really had a spaghetti strap
is this the place where a neo nazi tried to recruit adam22
Episode 2: Interviews guy who literally wrote the book on burgers, who says some of the best burgers are found in the Midwest.

Every other episode: How about those LA burgers!
this guy abt to only be doing these shows for a couple years. guy gotta look in a mirror fast
5:14
World FEMES chili burgers...
All these people in the comments debating weather Tommy's or In n Out is better.


And I'm just here thinking "Eh. I like em both."
Alotta ppl got smoked for a latenight burger at these places in LA back in the day.
That was my primo Randy talkin stupid at the beginning of the video!
Is there anyone skinny in this video?
Grew up on this food. Chili fries also are🔥🔥
lmao why are all the comments in here so....aggro......

I like this show, I think it could benefit from going more in depth especially in terms of the historical shit, but I'm sure some of that has to do with the production budget etc. Also concerned with Alvin's health, but aside from needing a little more substance its enjoyable to watch.
Really picked a crowd of diamonds to interview. 🙄
Repping LA... in some kind of way.
The guy in the intro was fuuuucked up
That Splatoon reference.
In by one next to the budweiser company San fernando
Oh man, I so remember going here like, 20 years ago. Best Tommy's ever when they began chaining the store around So Cal.
...am i the only one that doesnt like those shit-quality-smart-n-final burger?!?
Some tommys locations is trash lol. Finding rats in the restaurant.
Tommy’s finally getting props!!!
Regarding chili - "It doesn't even say it on the menu"...as a shot literally shows that chili is served on all burgers/dogs...
Use to live 2 blocks from the first toomy burgers. Rampart and Beverly
Those guys in the intro we're so high!!!! Lol
its a whole different world in cali lol everyone is stoned and good burger places are everywhere
Take a shot every time Alvin mentions his relation to LA culture
Sports fans are uncouth enough, but lady sports fans are positively uncivilized. ((shudder)) 😬
I remember going there in the late 80's with my dad and my older brother.   I was like 6 years old when i first when to tommy's. They had a crazy selection of can sodas.  They would keep the soda in these long coolers. Before they introduced the fountain drinks.
Those two in the intro were either high, drunk, or both
"Drink a burger" These 2 are high AF. I want what they are smokin' lol
"There's something about (standing up) that's awesome." 

And THAT'S when the pretentious stick hit her in the face.
This is was original burger spot. I didn't even know try an In n Out until well into my 20s. We only would go once or twice a year since it was a drive, but it was well worth it. Now I live 10 minutes away.
The Intro guys have Ligma... So sad
Splatoon reference....YASSSSSS
Born in Orange county in 1979.  There was a Tommy's one mile from my house.  Ate there all the time with friends in high school and as the late spot to get dinner when coming home late from anything with my dad.  Definitely as much a part of Southern California as In N Out.  Just comparing apples and oranges though if you try and vote on which is better.
I'd say In N Out is the So California chain that everybody should go to and Tommy's is the little secret everybody from So. California has as a secret they don't really tell people about but is deep down a solid part of growing up in Southern California.
I don't know Holmes. Tommy's looks cool and everything. But F the Dodgers, I'm a Giants fan!
Car guns it from stoplight.... "That's Soo Tommy's!" Okay...
glad my cousins live 2 min away from there 🤝🤝🤝
IT'S 2 IN THE MORNING, IM BINGE WATCHING THESE VIDEOS AND I GET A GOD DAMN SPLATOON REFERENCE! I HAVE PEAKED!
this dude is going to die with a few more of those hamburgers
The texture is liked bolognese the flavor is not.
Lol the intro cracked me up
That exact same Tommy’s is my childhood, I grew up in that neighborhood and I loved it so much! Proud to live in LA honestly.
I drank one of these burgers, wasn't overly impressed.
That dudes tank top straps are really something
I freaking miss my Tommy's man. That stuff is peak Cali burgers.
Those guys on the intro are super baked!
Intro guy was 100% stoned out of his mind
"71th anniversary" Uhhh...
Oh man, I miss Tommy's. They are so good. Like really, there is no level of compliment you can give this place that is exaggeration. Best freaking burger. You don't stay open for 50+ years without being great, not just good, GREAT.
@FirstWeFeast - Alvin, I hope you realize most of the comments down here are coming from the heart out of care.  Because people see that you're an awesome dude, through and through, and they respect your presence.  



Thank you.  Take care.  Do you.
Roy Choi is the man! I've seen him on countless food shows. He's got that food clout
I work close to this Tommy's and I always  stop by to get the "mega combo" worth every penny!

PS: I'm not fat I'm just big boned!
Had this place when I went to Disneyland it was close to my hotel.. and it was not all that.. In n Out shits on it. 🤷🏽‍♂️
i love this show. never knew tommy’s had tamales before lok
Dead ass I saw this video yesterday and drove from venice to this place just to grab a burger 👌💣💣🔥🔥
L M A O , THAT INTRO DUDE... HAHAHAHAHA.
#DrinkABurger
Them chilis at Tommys aint just L.A. My family and I have been eating casabelle's with our burgers since I was little. born in 84. S.E. CO 719
Was expecting to hear about Splatoon on The Burger Show
No pickles and no tomatos?! Sacrilegious!
Everyone should go to Stewart & Grub in Downey, CA  and get, “The Rampart”.
Splatoon was mentioned, gotta smash that like button!
The squirt is the most important part.😂
The host doesn't need more food. Seriously.
Haha, to "drink a burger"!
All 3 seem a lil tipsy
Ive been tired of people highlighting in n out as LAs staple when truly its all about tommys. Its the only thing I miss after moving away from LA. Tommys chili is the best chilli burger and the chilli fries is the bomb
The first Tommy’s I ever had was at Pico & Lincoln and I was heartbroken to find out they closed that location
Man, you’re getting huge, dude. Must be topping 300lbs now. You need to lose some weight.
Everyone he Interviewed was stoned
"to drink a burger"...
I've been to SoCal so many times but never been to Tommy's, It will be my first stop next time!!
It's not the same experience, but stopping at the Tommy's in Barstow on the drive to Los Angeles is always a treat.
yea we can tell youve been going there since you were 9 lol
Thought that was nick diaz on the intro
Hey it's Armoured Skeptic.
Don’t drink those chili burgers!
That fool is on one ..he said drink a burger😂😂😂
lol the owner’s brother, who’s also co-owner, is an old professor of mine. Super smart, super nice. Couldn’t believe he owned Tommy’s when he told me
God Bless the line place holder bro!
This is by far my favorite LA burger spot to eat, everything on the menu is bomb 🔥🔥🔥💯💯
im a little concerned for his health
been is socal all my life, the chilli  reminds me of peanut butter. kinda awful
Jesus looks like the Tommy's at Beverly and rampart is a hangout for low lifes.
"whatever you're going through, if you have problems at home, you can always go to Tommys and get a nice meal" story of my life
I love Tommy's. Only the original location.
Why don't you give the host Alvin a show about reviewing treadmills... the last thing he needs is burgers
Is that Chumlee on right?
It's not just "LA" it's all Southern California ya kooks!
god i wish i could stand at my local burger place :(
“If you come here to drink a burger” lmaooo 😂
Late night burgers are gifts from such a long night of drinks. But the hangover the day after is always going to be inevitable.
Tommy’s is the focus point of many memories! Way more than In & Out. We would go out of our way to make it there after King’s games at the Forum... what an awesome ode to LA royalty!
Episode recap: "We're high and we like everything about where we live."
Now I’m hungry for some late-nite burgers 🍔
“It doesn’t even say that on the menu” 
*Camera points to menu where it does in fact say that
0:00 - 0:19 That man knows words. All the words.
I love Tommy's so much. So glad it's getting the attention it deserves!
"Evan" definitely started out as "Eve" or "Evelyn"
LA BORN AND RAISED! TOMMYS!!!!!!😋😍🤤🤪
Perfect for munchies
To drink a burgur...Hick up i mean eat a burger
That guy is totaly trashed lol
shout out to LA from Chicago. we NEED that burger here
Tommy's best burger joint ever hands down...
Been eating @ this spot since 1989 and haven't got tired of these
This one was so loose, like the whole team was just winging it.
He referenced Splatoon, never thought I'd see that on this show.
Love this show but the edit was a mess on this one. Super disjointed. I would believe it if you told me a bot edited this.
I too like to Drink a Burger
there's one near my house that is always empty. i've gotta try the tamale
No mames lol this is who they interviewed hahaha smh s/o 2 Roy tho
host has a ford ranger and wearing yeezys SMFH
That first dude looks like Cholo Tracy Morgan.
its called the Varsity in Atlanta GA the original chili burger
Real men drink burgers
Lucky Boys in pasadena nxt, all the way frm san jose yee
Fun Fact: One Boyz n The Hood scene was shot there. So they all time gets my respect ✊🏿
I used to love Tommy's but when the manager kicked me out when I asked to have lettuce on my burger I haven't been back in years.
Love this show but Alvin is looking a lil .. 
not healthy ?
gotta love the name drops of video games.
Yum..  always ordered the chili burger and tamales....
Nice video! Thanks for giving me another reason to go to LA.
When I am in LA- I am there. Good deal
Drunk AF intro bro
Dope video.  Captured Tommy's essence.  I've always gone there after a night of drinking and billiards with the homies.  Also like to go on a Sunday when it's calm and I just want to treat myself and girl.  Love how u guys ate the yellow peppers.  They are a must.  Plus, they NEVER mess up your order.
f her right in the p*&^" "thats LA!"
Atleast the outro song wasn't trash hip hop
Seattle has something similar to this with Dick's burgers.
People want to move to LA for acting or stand up or even tech.



I wanna move there for the 
That first dude might want to go a bit easier on the kush.
Tommys is the best. Lyons ave. Newhall
The two in the intro were stooooooooned hard 😂😂
Lol them drunks 😂😂😂
haha that dude on 4:50min, i think he thought he bought a guys tanktop but i think he bought a female one haha xD #MonkaS
Los Angeles mesmerized by the Carolina style burger, which you can find everywhere in North Carolina
not so secret anymore. THANKS
Knew about this place because of "Grandma's Boy."
Yess!!! My Favorite burgers ever! TOMMY'S FOR LIFE!
Am I the only one who's horrified by watching a guy with that level of obesity eating like that? I'm not trying to say it's gross or whatever, but I can't watch without getting worried for his health...
Go Dodgers! Two straight WS losses 😂 let's shoot for 3
Tommy's On Rampart . ! 🍔🔥👌
I first experienced Tommy's in 1962 when I was working and going to college. I couldn't believe it. The other Tommy's that have come up aren't worth a damn.
Tacos taste better standing up...that applies to burgers too
no pickles and no tomatoes... WTF dude?!?!
Damn it doesn't drip...
The intro pretty much proves the fact that burgers are the perfect food when your high
Lmfao, dude is soooo drunk😂
Omaga burger and drink a burger wow
World Famous, First time hearing about this place.
Beverly and Rampart's Tommys is a California Staple...obviously cuz its the original location. And it is good, definitely better than in n out
This feels like the gathering of the juggalos documentary
I grew up at that location! Definitely more special to me than In-N-Out. In-N-Out day be the California burger but Tommy's is LA and home in my heart.
That sloppy joe muthafugga is EXACTLY the kinda thing I crave, so often XD
best intro so far lol
In n out opened in 1948 in Baldwin park and she said she already graduated from college by the time in n out opened in 1948.  So she is saying she was born around 1924 I don't believe that
intro dude totally wasted! sweet! maybe he drank to much burgers
I always wondered what it's like to drink a burger
Btw the fans are definitely worried bout your health dude.
To drink a burger XD
Hell yeah the real native southern Californians are all about Tommy's
This guy he have to be drunk
Fool has spaghetti straps
“i’m 29 years old” “she’s lying, she’s 41”
“ this is so LA “ STFFUUUUUU
Tommy’s is better than In-N-Out
I can feel my arteries clogging up just by watching this
Tommy's is alright, but you should try The Hat
The moment after the intro I liked the video
I found the recipe for Tommy's chili I made it I gave it to this hardcore Tommy hamburger and it tastes exactly like their chili I told him I made it I found the recipe on the internet
There’s no Burger place like Tommy’s in Chicago. Can someone shop me some Chili burgers plzzzzz!!!
I would totally dig on having out with Roy Choi crushing a Tommy's Burger!
The first few seconds made me wonder what they smoked, must have been THE laugh during editing/reviewing the footage.
I like Tommy's but I feel like I get Bubble guts Everytime I get it. Also Grandma's Boy was filmed in that lot.
Those two guy's body looked like melted cheese chili burgers.
Nah tams in Lynwood is the best
I don't think these people should be driving anywhere in this state.
The guy in the intro was high af
Finally someone does a show in Tommys....i ate here with my parents all the time. Heart attack city, but soooo damn good!
Some qualifications to eating this burger are being drunk AF
I've been there a million times, but this video captures the magic of the place in such a good way.
My dad was a cattleman.  In the 70s he supplied 25 percent of the beef to McDonald's corporation. He made 1 million dollars a month. All of his beef went to Cali.
I'm getting the runs just looking at the chili.
that dude driving from an hour away while black out drunk sounds safe
I agree drivin a hr n a half to drink a burger is the best
Doesn’t matter your race or religion everyone welcome at tommies, but only if you love the dodgers
crazy i used to eat here all the time with my then gf years ago. same exact spot. really did have that fun lively vibe at 12, 1, 2 am. miss it!
To drink ...
"tO  dRiNK a BUrgER"
Texas chili burger at Gabel's in Pennsylvania is a must have
Usually food shows make me want to eat.  Seeing this guy makes me grab a protein shake and workout.
I miss Tommy's.  Willies in Sacramento.
Is it intentional that the ppl being interviewed were high school dropout status?
The best cold open to a FWF video so far
to drink a burger
Been helping people take a poo since 1946, don't for get the extra grease!!
The first two guys were high AF.
Nasty, we have one in Bakersfield
@RickyBerwick for Hot Ones!
Living in LA, this was my favorite burger joint ez
Man, I love me some Tommy’s Burgers!!
Bro I love the show but don't take your job that seriously..
I came to watch a video about Burgers and left after lights and lowriders
The show is cool and everything but the host nahh man take it easy bro...
Tommy's! I was real excited seeing that this was the episode. The sludge chili warms your soul and explodes your bowels. What more can you want from a late night burger, I ask you?!
The dude at the beginning ate to many beers before his interview.
Please get Alvin some help.  He is a beautiful soul in need of an urgent intervention.  Without it, he won't be long for this world.
what a damn great vibe! loved it if i was from L.A. i would've hit it weekly
I need to drink a burger😂😂😂
Mmmmm Tommy Burgers and In N Out 🤤🤤🤤 I love LA
The opening, reminds me of "Dumb and Dumber".
I want what he's smoking
Other than the three hosts, every person at Tommy's was so high they could barely keep their eyes open.
I don't know when guys "flexing" with theur cars on the parking lot became cool. In the car community, the mentally sane parts of it at least, we call them assholes.
Nice burgers though.
My dude on he left was hella lit lol best believe I will be drinking...oops I mean eating a Tommy’s burger in the near future 😁✌️
Lot of LA memories on that corner.
You gotta name like Roy Choy, you should be famous as f*ck broski
Dudes lit like a chirstmas tree hahahaha
That dude at the beginning was more fried than the food.
Broooo!! Where was i?!?!?!, I live up the streeet!
I live 1 minute away from a tommys :/ so hard resisting every weekend
D R I N K  A  B U R G E R
Tommy's beats the heck out of In-N-Out.  When I went back to L.A. and my friends offered to take me to any restaurant I wanted, we went to Tommy's!
Oh man, here I've been a fool "eating" my burgers. I'm DRINKING one tonight!
Tommy's is a tradition passed down from Mamas house on the corner of Crenshaw and Bronson
Great memories of my parents and late-night runs to this location, back in the day soda was still in bottles. Tommy's will always be an L.A. Burger staple.
Haha wooo drinking and driving go Tommy’s hell yeah
speech. it's hard when you're slurring all your words.
Thumps up for the intro!
D R I N K A B U R G E R
Who needs to check their choresterol when you can DRINK A BURGER
is the person in the intro alright...?
Hell yea 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I used to have Tommy's once a week when I lived in LA.. Chilli burger chilli fries and peppers. Yum
Tommy's is my go-to burger when my body needs a full colon cleanse
I ate one of these burgers at night once. It was delicious but boy did I destroy my dorms restroom 😂
Dude hasnt seen his own crotch in a hot minute 😔 slow down dude ur health is more important
Alcohol was involved in the intro
CHORIZO IN THE CHILI
Why is a guy wearing a bra
to drink a burger.. this guy is hilarious
Nah, you might be good but you are nothing special
Messy af but yeah it's pretty bomb.
To D R I N K a B U R G E R
What is she talking about nothing else around, the apple pan and InNout both where out in the late 40s.... Same with Tommy's she's been eating way too much chill plenty of subject matter
OG burgers
Eating a spam sandwich while watching the video.
La vibes only blood TR3YWAY
Evan Kleiman Has A Face and Body For Radio!!!!😄😄😄
I love this shit and that intro was on point
2 high mexican intro lmao
I keep coming here for the intro
I live 10 minutes away from a tommys
My man is wearing a sports bra
tommys is my favorite burger place but i only get it every so often
give me whatever that first guy had to make him want to drink a burger
Grandmas Boy!!!
That burger-drinking fool should not be driving 1.5 hours anywhere. He should drink 10 burgers to soak up whatever he drank before the burgers.
Tommy’s is best! Always ask for extra chili!
I love tommys brings me back to my childhood in LA.
First burger I had on my very first trip to LA, it was Tommy's. I'm a fan for sure!
ofc its worth it if you are stoned out of your mind
Tommy's give you straight bubble guts lol
the location in Beverly is the og can not go to another Tommy's chain is not the same Beverly Tommy's  is the best
He should start eating every burger standing up or while walking.
Nah those are all actors ALL OF THEM!!
One of the most popular Tommy's got torn down to make room for a Starbucks.... and this video is stupid, Tommy's is an LA classic, not a secret.... and the chili dogs are better than the burgers.
Im all about drinkin burgers
mexican dude drinks a burger.... lol
That thumbnail is mouth watering!
Imma definitely have to try this place the next time I visit LA 😋🔥
Nothing can beat the normal thing.
I got these god damn cheeeeeezzzzburgers
bruh these people not from l.a lmao nobody talk like that
Is that guy wearing a female tank top?
Roy Choi high af 😂😂😂😂😂
C'mon guys! Let's go drink a burger!
I'm gonna hit Tommy's tonight. Thanks.
Wish people from L.A. would stop saying things are so uniquely L.A.
Dudes in the intro are fuggin wrecked. Cheers!
A whole show dedicated to burgers. This is a great channel
I got high just from watching the intro
YESSS Ive been going to Tommys since I was like 4 and I don't live in Cali anymore but that's the first thing I do when I get down there
that splatoon drop lol
#tommysgang
6:18 "This is so uniquely LA", he says while holding a yellow hot from New Mexico.
the amount of people that were high in this video
Is it still worth it if I drive 2 hours?
Louis burgers is the true og
71 th anniversary. lol
B O R G E R
They made a choice with that intro
To drink a burger, you know you’re high when you say Sth like this
Wasn’t expecting a Splatoon reference..
Cat Lady just grabbed her burger without a thought of passing the last burger to its obvious owner
As teens we used to walk to this Tommy's after Belmont's games.
Splatoon some chili in to my mouth
How many quadruple bypasses has the host had at this point?
DRINK -A-BURGER xD
D R I N K I N G B U R G E R S B O I S
lol I live 2 blocks away from this place and I eat at this 2-3 times a month
Hope the dude in the intro knew he was wearing  his sister shirt.
Ill drink a case of them
I'm from socal but moved away for work and Tommy's is the first place I go to whenever I visit. Thanks for the little taste of home, guys.
Been here many times, no matter what time you go that place is packed. For a damn good reason.
If you go to the midwest on this show i hope to see 
1.The Butter Burger (Milwaukee local burger) - invented at Solly's Grille
2.The Juicy Lucy (Minneapolis local burger) - invented at Matt's Bar/5-8 club
3.The Big Baby (Chicago local burger) - invented at Nicky's The Real McCoy
the dude in the intro was just like jesus; stoned to death
drink a burger
No pickles, no tomato? Weak sauce.
Hahaha that Splatoon reference
He’s finna be dead in 2 years, calling it
I know people are gonna get mad... but chili belongs on hotdogs not burgers. It just doesn’t flow with me on burgers
Those tamales are mad disrespectful, with American cheese and pickles, FOH!!
TOMMYS in Rampart at 3am ,mmmmm memories.
Late night food therapy 👍
that was like being accidentally placed in a special needs class, for the rest of your life.
Bobby Lee!!
What about the fries with the season salt too?
Everytime we go visit Oxnard first thing we do is go eat Tommy's
Get drunk film youtube. I wish that was my life
were any splatoon fans here surprised when the guy mentioned it or am i the only one?
My dude needs to lose about 100lbs like asap
In the words of NORE , intro guy, you gotta RELAXX
I lost brain cells in the beginning
Tommy's is off the hook, Im there.........................
Thought Roy Choi doesnt eat meat anymore. He said it on a show with Eddie Huang while eating tacos in LA
I been going there since they sold can sodas no frys just potato chips
Feels like everyone's dad used to take them here when they were little. Love Tommy's too it's a shame there's none in my state.
Hats off to the Tommy Burger.  Looks great I need to try it next time I’m out west.  But...as a Texan I can assure you,  the chili burger did not start there.
Dude L.A. isn’t really that cool
when i first moved to LA 11 years ago this is one of the first spots my wife who grew up in East Los took me to
California by far is the best state, and its people. CALI Love
Health before Burgs bruh please, we wanna see you round for a long time
Tommy's burgers is the best.
Wish they were available in France.😔
Well, I know where Im going when I Visit LA
#todrinkaburger
2:37 FHRITP! Classic bro
And you know that chili has zero meat in it right.
Good stuff after too much drinking
Those people are so ratchet... lol
That boi sippin syruppppp
Guys in the beginning were absolutely hammered 😂
“Man I thought i was never gon see u again!” Said one bum to another at Tommy’s one night my first time having it about 15 years ago. We all just busted up
00:00 Why is this dude wearing his girlfriend's tank top
That guy need to give back that top to his lady.
Isn't it the Brooklyn Dodgers?
Bro this guy too big...
buff Bobby Lee
Repping 'people under the stars' at the end 👌
I wonder what the calorie count is one of those Chillie Burgers
Tommy's☆☆☆☆☆
I grew up in Southern California and honestly, I miss Tommy’s more than In N Out. Chili burger. Chili cheese fries. Orange soda. My staple
Geez... My guy is not gonna see the age of 60 at that weight lmao
Bout to drive 8hrs for a burger dammnnnn
'One thing that I think sets this place apart, that I love,  is that you're standing up. There is something about it that's just awesome.' she's easily impressed and that's kind of a strange thing to say.
I need to try this place out
of course the fat guy got it without pickles and tomato
love how he glues pubes to his face,
The burger legit got like 30 seconds of screen time in a 9 minute video lmao
How toasted was that dude in the intro lmfao
So I'm not sure I got this right. Is eating at that place original or not? Because you only repeated that for 8 minutes, gonna need at least two more, so I can use the premium ads. Didn't like the episode. Nothing original, informative or entertaining about it.
That dude is in quite a shapes
How many times must we be be told they’re in LA/California?
My fav hands down! LA baby
To drink a burger..lol
I'm not really about body shaming or calling out on people but man that guy is fat. He should really reduce his burger intake and start working out. Otherwise his health is seriously gonna detoriate
Dodger after game ritual.
I'm from LA and been here a couple times and honestly it's nothing special. The Chili isn't really that great, it's your average Chili.
That Asian don is gonna die soon
Tommy make In-N-Out look healthy. It's more flavorful than In-N-Out but it's super greasy.  And when you order a burger at Tommy you know that there's a chance that it will give you diarrhea in a couple hours.
Please change the host.
DO NOT DRINK BURGERS AND DRIVE KIDS!
she was sweet i like her
Imagine eating food standing up ? Futuristic
Can you please make a burger with Randy from trailer park boys?
0:50 urban bobby!
I used to be stationed in San Diego, and when I tell you that this places SHITS on In-N-Out...DUDE!!! They only had one location in SD, but I would make that drive. Best fast-food chilli burger of life!
I'm not from cali but that place seems like it's one of those cheap burger places you go to when your broke af and everything else is closed
oh nice i live by that tommy's
Eating? smh drink a burger
Damn I should've went There when I was in LA! Went to In & out!!
"This is so LA"
Drink a burger 😂😂 How drunk is he
If there were a love icon I'd click it for this. One of the old school LA experiences.
I guess those two ghetto hoodrats werent spitting the same abused as a kid story every other hoe is props to them glad they had tommy instead of their uncle
Not from L.A., so no idea what they're on about.
Yo dawg keepem comin
First off ese if u talking L.A. and you aint talking tams or master burger then u weong bro
This place is DANKKKKK asf
The two girls talking about the Dodgers changed my oil at Oilstop in the San Francisco...weird.
Ayee finally Tommy’s gets recognized
Another thing I miss about LA.
No Pickles? No Tomatoes? Go home!
i grew up on tommy's... then around the age of 32 my body just quit.. i can't eat there without signing on for 3 days of intense heartburn.. it's been 5 years and i really do miss it.
It seems pretty disgusting to be honest
great intro hope you paid for that man's burger
The place where you drink your burgers and smoke your fries. Tommy's
Aww man I thought Bobby Lee's in this video....
Duck the Fodgers!
If you from LA you know this is better than any other burger
I feel kinda hungover just after watching this video
Now just for the burgers!;)
I always get myself a Tommy’s run at midnight
5:07 let's go!
I love these burger videos but I think imma boycott them until dude commits to losing a bit of weight. He seems to be getting heavier and it makes me sad as cool as he is.. Dude! Take up a keto diet, you can eat burgers all you like if you skip the bun!
I cant wait to drink a burger
hell yea, splatoon represent
Drink that burger 🍔 🤙🏾
Alvin ''this is so uniquely L.A.'' Cailan . And then the yanks wonder why old-worlders think they're obnoxious. Take a chill pill bruh, taking a bite of a chili ain't uniquely L.A.
lol all the interviewees were drunk
that first guy feels so stoned
3:59 You guys got Nas, that's awesome
If the burgers were that good you'd think at least one of the three would have ordered it the way it came.
I 100% love the concept of the burger show. But I feel like its missing something the show doesn't land the way it should. The host is humble and kind hearted in nature and I love that aspect as well. I want to see more creativity. With the knowledge available I want to see new creations. I like the respecting what is current concept but if the host was with current chef in a kitchen trying to create a new burger I'd be at the edge of my seat to see what comes out. First we feast is the best food show on YouTube the burger show should be one of the most popular shows on YouTube.
she said something about standing up is awesome,. how much did they pay her to say some shit like that ?
“Coming straight out of the Dodger game, standing in line with everybody else, get FUCKED up! Ooo... am I aloud to cuss?” 😭💀
Remember my dad taking me here hella years ago shit need to go back
Tommys is definitely my favorite burger growing up in LA. I live in Tucson now. They need one here so bad. Sometimes I drive 7 hours just for Tommys and get like 10 burger to go.
This show has generally been a huge disapointment
Been going here since I was born! It’s funny because it is a secret good burger outside of in n out. Wish it was in Oregon now
this place is the shit at 12am, such a classic spot
I grew up in LA, I love Tommy’s, but for some reason this sounded pretentious
Lol In N Out is way better in my opinion. Tommys is bland AF and the chilli has no flavor
“To drink a burger”
Host looks really unhealthy. I fear for his life
The intro fireeeeee
Sounds so damn good, don't know why I have never thought about putting chile on a burger
Grew up on this spot tail gating as a kid thee best chili burgers in town
I won't go to tommy's at night because that's the time of day where weirdos lurk out like rodents. I would go to tommy's at 5pm but i won't interact with unfamiliar people because all I was taught is stranger danger.
The chili Drip test - Now that was legit
I want to go to la just to eat
LOVE THIS!
To drink a burger lmao!
Huntington Park where you at??
That guy at the beginning sounded like he was having a stroke
What is that man wearing?! lmao
to drink a burger LOL
Fyi dogs in chicago come with hots
Where is hot ones m8?
They talk so much and say nothing at the same time. More burger, less talk.
Please try the Burger at Marin Joe's.
Guy ,, Try out Rock house sliders at Sunset Boulevard, LA,,, A new sensation in Sliders world :)
The intro......smh....
I'm super early and don't know what to write.
dat belly tho
OOOH DAUM NEVER HEARD OF IT YUM
Finally Tommy’s gets its shine don’t only try in-n-out when your in California!!!
I only came here for the BoRGlaR
They say that the Chili Pepper is unique to L.A. but they serve them with hot dogs in Chicago... OOF XD
1:33 damnnn i am sure he knows what he's talking about
LOL her name is EVAN?!
My dad grew up in LA eating Tommy’s. He was so proud to show me the first time we went there together. Oh the memories...
Sad face need one now
@1:19 in&out was open in Baldwin park in 1948 what do u mean this was the place ? If ur from the hood in&out has always been the place not Tommy’s
I rather eat chili cheese burgers and chili cheese fries from Capitol Burgers off Pico!
I need to drink a burger
The first guy lol that’s the dawg rite haha
is everybody in this video drunk outta there mind?
People from Los Angeles try way to hard, they act way to douchey. And no one in L.A. minds there own business!!!
Making me hungry :(
Dude, you are gunna die if you dont ease up on the burgers. You seem like a real sweet guy and as much as 'death by burgers' is probably one of the better ways to go, you are too young.
I prefer the one on hollywood blvd - that's where I have the late night memories and nostalgia stopping there before hopping on the 101 after a night at a show
No crack heads at all haha
Drive an hour and a half ? For a burger rather drive 10 and get some in&out
Californians are interesting creatures 😂😂😂
0:14 better check on the people your talking to...
The only thing I miss about LA is the food
The Hat in Monterey park Los Angeles
Those are some trashy people, no thanks
That host should stop eating burgers
Stoned, af
This is so crazy because I work at a late night restaurant in Detroit Called Tommy’s and we are also known for our burgers.
Bruh, tommys fucking sucks
2 in tha morning got the fatburger
Come on i lived in marina del rey thats stuff is garbage 100% and who made this mofos to evaluate if food is good or not..just because you invested your money and made some and tv or media likes you..you have no taste for food !
N btw i ate from that food 🚚 koji or whatever it is..
Millions of times better than shake shack. The next level above in n out.  Now...if in n out were to add Tillamook cheddar, beefsteak tomato and chili?  They could win this thing.
That Chilli lools a lot like our Detroit style Coney Chilli. I bet thats a great burger.
These videos make me never want to go to LA. What obnoxious people.
Dicks in Seattle!! Iconic
They high as hell in the beginning drinking burgers 😂😂
Is everyone faded that they interviewed?
If you are ever in Montreal check out Dic Anns for the most unappealing looking burger, that tastes very special.
Let's go to Tommy's instead of In-n-out... Said no one ever.
Wow they never show LA trash in movies...
dont order the chili dogs cx
every car alvin steps into becomes a lowrider lmao
alvin cut down on them burgers dude
Fire this host
Tommy's is da shiiit!
d r i n k a b u r g e r
According to first we Feast Los Angeles and New York are the only two places in America that exist and or serve burgers.
Damn hawmie....we out here pistiando the tommys burger dawg
I go to McDonald's
this show is turning into blatant promo'ing. It should be about the burgers, not the companies slipping you howerver much they pay for you to do a suckup piece
the host look`s like a burger...
this video screamed new york for some reason
Dead ass though everyone not from cali thinks its all in n out but tommys is the lowkey burger. Like if ya know ya know. Its like when surfers only let locals surf their spot. Tommys is the locals spot
Overpriced and not very good TBH

No one who actually lives in LA considers this anything special. There's a reason most of their locations are mall cafeterias.
Tommy's suuuuuuucks chili is just a salt paste.
His stomach looks like theres a midget clinging on to him under his shirt
It’s hi-larious when LA pretends to have culture. #wasteland

Lemme have it Angelinos!!  🤗
drunk people make bad intros...
Seriously? Tommy's is literally disgusting. 

Go across the street, do a story on crawford's chicken smh.
Home sweet home making me homesick the only tommy's I'll go to period
Another overrated LA eatery.
I half expected that guy on the right in the into to cough out a monster bong rip.
i wanna smoke what that guy was smoking
The host is super unhealthy fat god damn. In and out 10xs better...im from cali..eaten em all..tommy chili is bland tastes like flour roux
I grew up around the area I remember eating their burgers I miss their burgers I no longer live in the area. I love Tommy's always will.
so good, just 3 dudes chatting about burgers
im trying to drink a burger like homeboy
Probably not ever going to drive an hour and a half for that Burger
Those burgers taste like absolute trash
I was hoping to get a construct of the burger cuz I've never heard of this before
I like how he skips vegetables and goes for extra cheese
Man i send my childhood there. I grew up eating at this place since the 70's  during the 80;s it became a lowrider show on friday and saturday night. We had even the only bug club that used to cruise there. we use to line up the street with vw classics. while the lowrider hoppers would take the parking lot. . music going. weed smell in the air. teens everywhere, music thumping and boxes of chilly burgers and cans of soda on everyones hood. those were the days. Different times before the internet.
It’s not that great tbh. Generic burger with bland chili.
Damn homeboy was buzzing real good...
Its the 71th anniversary guys 1:39
Hell Yess!!!!! My all time favorite!!!!!!
Food therapy!!!!!! I've never been to Tommy's!
So in order to go eat there you have to be some sort of lowlife or degenerate? Got it. I would go eat there... But I don't feel like being stabbed. Maybe I'd go with a supersoaker full of warm soapy water. Give those people their first bath of the month.
Hell yeah!
extra cheese dawg, maaann
I love Tommys but the hot chili on the cold tomato makes for a weird lukewarm mushy tomato.
To drink a burger
Stop glorifying the hamburger so much, it's just a sandwich.
This made me want to go to CA to try a burger.
Ill stick to The Hat!!!
Burger gang
Good episode. Those tamales at the end out of nowhere looked hella good...
The west and east coast don't know chilli burgers.  Shitty beef. The midwest will show you what a good cow tastes like.
Guns N Roses !!
i thought roi choi said he was vegetarian? guess that ended lol
All I seen in this video is gang members.
alvin looks like he's one burger away from a heart attack.
Most unattractive looking people.
I'm a Californian but I find In-N-Out nothing special. Probably the reason we favor it so much is cause it's exclusive to California (and some other states).
they just now finding out about this
i love this show
Those sport peppers are more Chicago than LA
This is the first time I've ever knew Evan can be used for a girl's name
The photo at 4:36 is so crazy to me cause I can see my grandfather in the bottom of the photo and I remember going to Tommy's growing up and eating enough chili to kill a horse.
I hate Tommy's. I don't like their chili. I always order without chili.
A treat for after the dentist loooooool damn
Comparing the chili in these burgers to the ink in Splatoon? I didn't realize that would be a good way to sell anyone on a burger, but it sure as hell sold me on trying it at least once.
I just got done eating dinner and now i want a burger lol
mixed feelings about this segment........ tourist need to stick to In n Out. This is a local gem, too bbad they got rid of mello yellow :/
Is that Kathy Griffin's host body?
they drunk af!
Alvin you need to eat healthier for the 18 babies you are carrying.   Man.
Ssshhhhh don’t tell em about tommys
None of them looked to be in shape lmao
Damn, this dude needs to start doing shows on some Salad Gardens or summin' everyone at Tommy's is obese, or is it just America?
It’s not even all that and I grew up here
How often does hot ones get uploaded?
I Use post mates to get Tommy’s at 1 in the morning because I can’t drive yet
Cali is the home for the best burgers
STOP LETTING DRUNK PEOPLE DO THE INTRODUCTION!!!
Lol to drink a burger those fools are drunk
If this is on You Tube now, is it all that much of a secret handshake?
LA sucks...and so do the Dodgers
My dude a cartoon character, he wears the same damn thing haha
Angelinos are unique in that way.
😂😂😂😂😂 to drink a burger
3:35 the true hero. Thumbs up.
Dude needs a salad.
Drink a burger?????
Best chilli ever like pink's chilli
Now those guys in the beginning were definitely stoned
Yo what happened to the burger show? I haven't seen anything new in a while
Watching this induces burger cravings. You've been duly warned.
I am born and raised arizona, we have in n out hear and eat there, but when I go to LA the original Tommy's is our first stop.
3:46, every reason not to go to LA
Best show on Youtube
Tommys is in SD and it was terrible. Chili was bland, burger was bland, bun was stale... I suggest no
That dude was totally high
3:45 damn do they come together? Yum
I'm hungry now
Nothing beats Tommy’s, that sour after taste that lasts for 3 days, damn I’m hungry now
dude seriously needs to loose some weight or his knees will give in sooner or later and lets not forget the high chance of a heart attack.
Come on my man you can do it.
now that is a great video
Fiveguys who? Lol
that cholo is rad
this place is kinda over rated
He had  to munch
Let's get it straight. It's nasty and that's what makes it so good. I don't live there anymore but you best believe I miss Tommy's. For that guy to say no tomato on his burger is crazy though. Also, always with a side of fries.
They look revolting
Hol up what was that outro tho
The Hat > Tommy's
This is the most millennial food show on the internet
What's up with that drunk dudes spaghetti strap tank top g-unit sports bra?
watching this makes me wanna go eat a salad lol
Hood ppl are just city hillbillies
That man is totally wasted lmao 😂
blazed
Host gut is summin else
True! To LA!
Gotta drink that burger brah
that guy is soooooo wasted
Breaking the rules because I know it’s not what you’re asking.... but late night Tito’s Tacos on Washington in Culver City. Is the best.  I love Tito’s tacos!!!
I hope the guys in the intro didn't drive there
No I don’t go when a line.  Only off times.  I get lettuce, tomatoes and onions too.  No  mayo.
boi needs some tomatoes
This is probably f'd up, but he makes me want to get skinny... :-/
wow... that radio boomer is so street
These guys in the beginning was waisted
I still don’t know which dude is David and which is Jonathan
Ice Poseidon made you
Dope
Tommy's was an LA classic. WAS. Now their burgers have changed, like the buns are a weird spongy texture. Their fries are good with the chili but to be honest with the price hike, it's not worth it anymore. I pass by it sometimes and it doesnt have the same business it used to.
Been there once but not to that location another one where you can eat inside but forgot where I was high asf on that weed😂
seriously stoned
i just want to know if they have a bathroom
Im from LA and this place never appealed to me. Hella unsanitary and the chili is actually gross - tastes like canned chili. Plus its not in the greatest of neighborhoods.
Orange County where you at !  Tamales and chili cheese fries.
I been to Tommy’s over a 1000+ times lmao bc I live in Cali and it’s literally the best thing ever. I highly recommend to anyone outta state
FHRITP!
These people look healthy
sorry tommys is a 4 outa 10 on a good day . the best burgers are the ones u eat after  beer time .
Even tho I like “The Burger Show”, this episode is more Cali nostalgia than anything else. Tommy’s ain’t that bad, but it’s really not that good.
He just promoted to drink and drive a hour and a half to a burger shop while you're faded.
My family invited my girlfriend here for her first time a couple months ago, first time she ate an entire burger.
Omg! Tommys fries!
That fat dude looks like he goes to Tommy’s everyday.
The two in the start of the video look like they were on some drug
Fyi they are only in LA except one. There is one in Las Vegas.
I just went there :-)
I love this show.
Tommy's is trash. But it's good trash. I haven't had it in a while, I should hit it up.
7:12 lol really?
None of these people in the video are OGs from the area. This is so lame. I’m OG RAMPART PICO UNION WESTLAKE ECHO PARK.
this dude is going to die soon, is to big
Mmmm is that chili really good?????
junky burger
This was so self aggrandizing about the L.A. thing that it got kinda cringe. Is that the way it is in all of California?
Tam’s is bomb asf too.
Cholo hang out lol
Extreme obesity
My favorite burger yo
They also have breakfast burritos
Tommy’s burgers were my moms favorite when she was pregnant with me. She would force my dad to go out in the middle of the night and buy her a burger and now they are my favorite.
i wanna drink a burger
The secret is they drink burgers
that closet homosexual in the intro made me lol
This show is just like the Pizza show where they eat the same thing and repeat themselves every episode, season after season
Drink that burger mf
bruh yall are a bunch of tourists fatburgers where its at tommy fire too tho
I visited LA for the first time ever last year. Dope place, great food... But Tommy's was trash I can't even front.
Their fries are thick cut too.
I want to go to there!
Love Tommy's
Was every person high in this video ?
Well, this one was just a large ad
How drunk do you think the guy in the intro is?
You gotta do something like this about the Philly cheesesteak!!
Dawg dawg drink a burger
food addiction is real
They didn't show the food enough.  I feel like I know nothing about the food other than they put Chilli  on everything.
I remember Tommy's as being pretty mediocre.
The OG spot.
To be fair I'd be intimidated to go there lol
This guy just said that everything unique in this place was because it was in LA or California lol
burgers rule
The camera adds like 20lbs so Alvin is fine its just the video acoustics.He is thick so what
typical LA fashion for everyone they talked to to be in a blazed straight of mind.
if anything big homie needs that tomato
Everyone looked high af
Anyone else drive for an hour to drink a burger after this????
What about the taco bell across the street when tommys was so packed. no shout out?
LA jerks itself off for 8:30 minutes
Dude in the beginning is all confused he dnt know if he eat or drink the burgers
that place is the best ! been going there for YEARS !
I can't wait to try this place. Also, I was so disappointed with everything about In-N-Out. Fries suck, burgers are overrated and the wait always blows.
Can I order my burger without chilli or maybe a little on the side.
Not a huge fan of Tommy’s tbh
Drink a burger? Interesting
Cut the burger nonsense burger king is best
tommy's is dank
I love LA
baaaaked
Churro
Back in high school, (Wilson High, Long Beach, CA), we'd leave campus for lunch, and there was a Tommy's like 6 or so blocks away. And the one thing I ordered alot there, besides the burger(s), was the big ass boat of chili cheese fries. It made lunch time something to always look forward to. It's def. a must-stop on my to-do list when I get a chance to visit Long Beach again.
This vid is unapologetically socal
drink
high as a kite
Let the man eat his burgers!
Five guys is better than in n out😄
The people are greasier than the burgers
Had it once, didn't like the chili
In my little beach town it's either Tommys or in and out.
Great episode!
just like pinks..... messy food,,, moosh... not for me
Man you are noooooooot entertaining.
What was that song at the end
Thumbs up if you drink a burger.
Damn the first thing I see is a hairy chest....
Get into the vibe ..
I’ve not eaten beef for 19 years and even I wanna go to Tommy’s now.
Nice and greasy lol!
Do LA people just date food instead of people?
Everyone is either drunk or stoned lol this fool said drink a burger
First We Feast - Please notice the comments about our overall concern about Alvin's welfare. He does not appear well and may appreciate help. He is a great person who would benefit many by living a long and full life.
gay
I use to go to Belmont high school!!! Tommys for life!!!
Yall fools worried about your comments and likes about the "flaws" dude wants to live it up. Pedal to the medal, eff it die happy.
First We Feast should send him to fat camp. It’s getting out of hand.
count how many times the fat guy says this is so LA
Damn he won't even eat the vegetables on his burger. Guy has to slow down, maybe eat a burger for lunch and a salad for dinner bro.
Damn that dude did get fatter. He looks about 450+. Cut down on the burgers man. No extra cheese
Just for you homie!
Nah dog, you didn’t do Tommy’s justice. Y’all didn’t talk about the early days when you got your soda from a can that you fished out the cooler. All the cooks in the line were ex-convicts because Tommy’s was the only place who believed in giving them a second chance in life. Tommy’s was the only place where rival gang members would stand in line waiting for a burger and there was no fighting - however, the parking lot right across the way was a different story, lol. In the 80’s you’d see celebs in line with thug looking peeps and no one bothered anyone - no paparazzi, or fame thirsty people trying to get a selfie.
But ever since they went corporate and have locations all over SoCal, things have changed. This one on Rampart is THE spot, if you go to the chains their chili tastes different.
my pops was there when they had a gang shooting in the 80s on the rampart tommy burger stand it used to be mad dangerous which made tommys on rampart the late night after party destination or gang meetups. This place is history.
doodoo burger
everyone is drunk in this video
Have you heard of that new beer "Burger"?
It isn't that good...sorry not sorry. In N Out for life
The clientele isn't really selling it
I feel like the host created this show is a excuse for him to eat more
Too bad they didn't give any camera time to chili cheese fries. You can't really appreciate what Tommy's is all about until you've had at least a double Tommy's cheeseburger with a box of chili cheese fries, with everything drowning in chili and cheese. And if you really know what you're doing then obviously you have multiple cheeseburgers and multiple boxes of fries all at one sitting. Just make sure you have plenty of Modelo Especial to wash it all down.
Does that guy have brain damage from eating these burgers?
Nothing in this video makes me wanna go to LA. Lol also man, you gotta lose some weight fam. You can be a foodie and a burger lover without being 450

Also, I love the burger show
Drinking burgers all day around here
I've been to the Beverly Tommy's at 3:00 AM in the morning, chowing down next to cops, members of three or four different gangs, college kids from USC, guys in suits in limos and everything in cool. Tommy's is neutral territory where everybody can go and enjoy...nobody wants to mess things up for everybody.
Dude in black needs lap band surgery dude is going to die
They shut downn the one in la habra awhile ago i miss that shit so bad
Everyone always hates on LA lol it ain’t nothing. Lol at wienerschnitzels copying the chili tamale
so Coney island chili dog sauce ROFL we call it HOT SAUCE in NY and if you ask for HOT SAUCE you will not get tobasco sauce or siracha!
I want to drink a burger.
looks like a big hot mess
Tommy’s sucks bro! The chili makes the burger soggy and it doesn’t have a good taste... I went to high school across from Tommy’s and no one EVER went.... if you wanted a good old school hood burger you need to go to George’s Burgers in Venice , Foster Freeze near Santa Monica College, or Thomas’ Burgers in Venice by Lincoln and Rose... y’all don’t even know 🤤
Tommy’s is my childhood
looks like some bomb ol burgers, but dodgers are trash
Culture, it's American culture.
I've only eaten here once, and I only remember it because the burger I had there was, without question, the worst burger I have ever eaten in my life. Not one of the worst, but the absolute worst. To this day, that burger remains at the very bottom, with few other burgers; if any. This episode makes me think I may have to revisit this place.
This epidemic of food videos on youtube talking about these mediocre food experiences simply because only a certain group of people had nostalgia with it comes across as kinda ew
3:49 the cut he out
Damn, can’t wait to DRINK A BURGER
I love this show, and I haven't watch all the episodes yet, but I do wonder, are you not cool with the guy that invented the fancy burger? Is there beef, so to speak, between you two? Where is Sang Yoon in your show?!
Id rather have an elk burger at home
Their chili is horrific
Lick the chilli first....I really miss my home town food and beach. Bay area can learn a lot about keeping mom and pop joints. Bay area are sellout 4 profits over good food that has a generation following. Since 1977 been a fan.
I remember growing up going to the Tommy’s on passons and Whittier Boulevard Go in there when I was a kid with my mom and dad and when I got older boy there eating with my friends after a cruise night on Whittier Boulevard now I live out here in the high desert I really wish Tommy’s would open one up out here in the Victorville or Hesperia Area yeah I know they have one in Barstow but at times who really has a time to drive way out there and I know how they have some down in Chino and Redlands but still that’s a far drive
We loose too many people, lets not loose this host. He needs some help bad!!
Tommy's is trash. The chili isn't good and the cheese is always cold. Even these people talk about the vibe more than the food so this is a waste of a video. In n Out started slightly later than Tommy's but Carl's Jr began in '46 so you can't just give shit credit because it's old. It has to be good too.
The problem with Tommy's is you can not get a burger without onions in it. 
 Unfortunately I'm allergic to onion.
Lame
Pinche pedo el wey
I probably ate Tommy's almost every Friday lol that's the neighborhood burgers .. shootout to Willy !!
U need to exercise ur self boi
I bet this place is godly but damn there's a lot of weirdo's that eat there
Tommys is fire af
a thing that kinda annoys me is when a burger place or any restaurant calls themselves "world famous", when its pretty much only known in america or that specific area where its located
Overrated it’s a million and one places in LA County better than Tommy’s. 👎🏾👎🏾👎🏾
i would love to drink burger
Sorry Vegans you have no place here
These burgers are the truth... chili cheese
Is that a guy or a girl
I was going to say something about someone's weight but I scrolled down the comments and 1000 people beat me to it
If you've never been to New Mexico you've never had real chilies. Sorry not sorry!
in and out is a garbage basic Burger there's nothing special about it. The only thing that makes it special is because it's popular. I'll take Tommy's over any day
All I got out of this was people don't come here for the food but they come here to sober up because it is extremely greasy food. I've come to my own conclusion that they mix the burger grease back into the chili in an attempt to save on paying the oil recycling fee.
Dude needs to start running maybe 10 miles a week. Obesity is going to hurt him and I like this guy. He’s friendly and genuine. But I’m gonna speak for everyone when I say that he should start incorporating at least 30 mins of exercise in his life. The goal isn’t to lose weight right away. It’s to be healthy and to feel better. I think it will help that he’s healthy. I know a burger show you’re gonna eat a lot of burgers. But, his agent needs to start investing in a personal trainer. He is people under the stairs and they need to be real with him. Buy him a personal trainer man. Peace love.
The United Fatasses of America.
everyone is obese in this video.
The host is trash
Is it just me or does everyone there seem dense?
i dislike chili .
Roy knows what’s up!!!
If you come here to drink a burger... it’s worth it
Ohhhh great more LA shit
I love Tommy’s
came for the weight concern comments....
Bobby Lee got fat
Not an LA native, but Tommy’s is legit.  Always a must stop when visiting LA
Eat more healthy food
the tamales arent all that. the burgers are their best thing but you people look stupid trying to stereotype eating on your car. believe me everybody has eaten in or on their cars lol
Ya I've had these burgers before. The chili looks like and even has a slight diarrhea smell. The burger overall I'd rate it 5/10. If you're in California just get In n Out burger. It's easily a 10/10 burger and you can't go wrong with it.
On God the first dude sounds like the listen linda listen linda kid  grownup
I grew up eating Tommy's burgers, in LA and Eagle Rock off of York. My family has been eating Tommy's since my parents were in HS and that was back in the 80's. I just moved to Utah and I always tell my friend, "when I go visit my fam, I am going to Tommy's". So cool this is on First We Feast.
It’s a cheese burger with chilli. Get over it
Shits bomb
I enjoyed watching this video. But seeing that fatboy eat was disgusting.
:-)) he high
Tommy’s is really cheap compared to the other so cal classics (except in n out, their prices are similar). Like the habit and fat burger and I prefer their greasy mess.
Americans at their natural habitat
The iq of americans
Bro they got rat chili, all facts it’s disgusting
I hate chili burgers... ugh! Disgusting!
this is just weird and awkward
Those 1st two guys remind me of a dumb Bevis and Butt-Head
hell yea i ate this shit before in and out when i was a kid. i remember walking freaking miles to get some tommy burger.
that intro, they were SO blazed, rofl.
Alvin is shaped like a turtle if its shell was backwards
Peppers are an L.A. thing? Chicago had them on their dogs, beefs and polish since the twenties, only they called them sport peppers.
Scuzzy broads. Woof
Gimi dat tamale
TIL fat girls live in LA.
You know youre in LA when you can get yellow chilies with your food.
1. That's not chili.
2. That burger does not look good... I can make much better at home, but if you want to claim "fast food", 5 Guys looks and (I'm sure) tastes much better.
3. Why do you all act like you're so cool and the rest of the US sucks?
4.They're not original, like that drunk chick said.
5. McDonalds was founded in 1940, before this... being founded in 1941 is not a pride point if the food is greasy and "drunk food", and can only be eaten by drunk folks.
6. Having to stand up while eating is not something that "sets it apart".  I can eat any fast food meal while standing up... and I thought this channel was about feasting, not standing up while eating fast food.

Come on, where's this channel going?  A few drunk people raving about mediocre fast food in LA just because it's LA and the joint has been around for a while?  Note - this has nothing against Tommy's, I have nothing against them and I'm sure the food is okay.  But this is a run of the mill, but apparently famous, fast food joint in LA - nothing special.
405.    FREEWAY.       SOUTH.                2004
I’m not being funny but I am a chef. Since joining kitchens with the hours that you do and the heat of the grill the weight just falls off. How is that guy so big??
This was horrible
I make a point to only tell people I care about to hit up Tommy's when they visit L.A.  Looks like the secret is getting out more and more...
What a feral bunch.
Theres one in my city but theyre gross
‘I’ll take a regular chilli burger, hold all the vegetables and slop extra cheese all over it.’
Stop eating burgers man,your so obessed and it makes no sense for you to make this show..
Stop eating so many burgers
If these guys are foodies why are they asking for no onions, pickles etc??? Tommys is dah shiet!
This place is absolutely trash. U had to not have food before eating this to like this. I eat almost anything and had to throw this out. The chili is dog food.
Tommy's Original used to be a great deal, they were always great value to proportion. Now, they are just as expensive as everyone else and their combos aren't given a bulk discount, it's all the menu prices added up, so no value there. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing that can satisfy your cravings for a chili cheeseburger like Tommy's Original. For that, the few dollars more than what it used to be(adjusted for inflation) is worth it, it's just not that bargain it was always known for.....
It’s a shame how ghetto it is now
It’s so off putting watching this severely obese man eat the worst kinds of food for someone to eat
So much hate in these comments
Y’all ain’t this guys personal trainer, chill out and enjoy the food and let him worry about himself. It’s not like he somehow doesn’t know he’s fat.
Did they literally pick the worst, trashiest, drunkest people to do the interviews?  Damn not at all repping LA
Back in the day soda cans only baby
So trashy.
I'm pretty sure everyone in this video is stoned.
Watching this give me diarrhea
idk i dont like tommys chili cheese taste like plastic....
You gotta put fatburger on the show
That one dude in all black doesn't need to be eating burgers - get that man a salad without dressing stat. Fat shaming is not a thing - that dude is going to have a heart attack or be trapped in his house if he keeps it up.
Annoying AF
That’s literally my neighborhood I go there
Bro I am not trying to  shame you at all but seriously i am worried about your health man. Take ~6 months and develop a good attainable weigh loss and life style change, you can learn to burn the calories you need to eat for your job  but your not looking like you will live long at this rate man.  Hope you read this and take it seriously man just do not want to hear later you died and feel i never said anything.
These people disgusting
The thumbs down are from a buncha SOYBOYS!
Ew that looks nasty
Awful
it hurts to see obese people eat its like they almost dont know they are a whale
The Host of this show is so gross, and he’s not interesting. He seriously makes me not want to eat food.
What a terrible narrator voice to start with. I can do way better.
Why is every episode about some classic little diner that does traditional burgers and has been open for a while? Like I get those places and why they matter and why they're popular. I love traditional burgers as much as anyone but it's the burger show. Show some interesting takes and ideas. Like that food scientist episode. Go in depth with weird things. Explore a little for fuck sake. For example here in Georgia there is a burger place that sells peanut butter bacon burgers. It's weird but interesting.
As a Southern California native, i gotta be real, Tommy’s is garbage. I’ve tried it three or four times and never had anything from this or any of the other locations I wanted to take more than a bite or two of. It’s OG, but that shouldn’t matter if your food is straight gross.
Man I miss California 😂😂😂 only thing that beats this is In N Out and Taco Trucks!!
, this is gay I'm sorry for all Outsiders who are trying to come and have a good burger without trying to show off please ignore the scumbags this is not what it's about just come down and have a meal and do what you do this has nothing to represent with LA they're just here to make money
Yo this episode was a vibe ... 💯
Godamn watching a guy as overweight as he is talking about burgers like they are his wife or like a cherrished childhood memory or something is kinda sad.......it's a burger.
K
This is my second time rolling up on this Video. This is so Cool - Chillin eating
Tommies is trash lol
interesting to see so many comments on how fat that asian guy is.  But, the bbq pitboy dudes are all lardasses too and no one
ever calls them out and lectures them.
Double standard?
That black dude kinda look like a skinny akademiks
Is there an option to thumbs up twice?
This food is overpriced trash. ❤️ CA but come on... there’s so many Jesus Christ moments in this video it’s ridiculous.
Tommys use to be cool before they raised their prices cuz of all the stupid white people moving into the area... i stopped going to tommys, i rather go to TacoBell across the street....
Listening to the interviews of the customers makes me never want to visit LA
chili on burgers = nasty
Tommy's and fatburger after the club let's out in the AM in the 80s
Tommy's...for when you just wanna drink a burger
You got to have chili fries. They are excellent.
Yall should try the breakfast burrito ... Start from 4 am to 1030am ..everyday
this is great I love Tommy's.... but they got rid of the coolers
I grew up on Bonnie brae momma taking me to Tommy’s as a lil one was the best
i see someone watched the new show on netflix about tupac and biggie
He high AF! Best time for a burger.
To drink a burger 🍻🍔😂😭
Um...yeah...I'll be damned if I am going to trust the word of someone who "drinks burgers".  Homegrown makes this show lose major street-cred...lol
I remember roy choi from when he made instant ramen
That opening tho with the two guys! Herold and Kumar drunk edition!
Yo man when you come here to drink a burger
No tomatoes, no pickles, extra cheese. The host of this shit is gonna go out just like Ralphie May did. I give it 4 months.
Wegeht a MaYga Berger dahg
drink a burger o.O
i ALWAYS wanted to go and never did! used to live so close. damn.
Anyone notice they're parked in the handicap spot.
I heard Adam22 talk about having some Neo Nazi try to recruit him into the kkk while he was waiting for his burger there.
This place is gross and not worth the price lol
Alvin and that big guy from the drinking show on Vice need to chill together.
Born n raised on Tommy’s ! Super happy we have one in Vegas
Couldn’t tell if the intro was planned, or if he was just really drunk.
This show is becoming just an advert for specific burger places. I prefer looking into the different types, or at LEAST do 2 spots in 1 episode?
Tommy's > In n Out in every aspect. In n Out is for out of towners that don't know any better.
Haha all they interviewd are high af!!
Everybody is baked in this video! Munchies! 😂😂😂
Yo that guy in the intro is fuckkeeedddd uuuuuppppp
baked dude intro
I be sippin on that burger oooo!
I'd like to drink a burger
1 more burger and Alvin is going to explode!
To drink burger lol
Drink a burger eh?
In El Paso, Chico's Tacos is THE place to go late night! Haha
So much Burgerss O_o :D
The first guy drinks his burgers but the host breathes them
bruh gotta shed some of those pounds off
Half the people they were interviewing were trashy as hell.
I've been to Tommy's, the amount of grease, god damn! You feel like you have diabetes after you take one bite
My fam rags on me for eating standing up all the time😂 Tommy’s is a go from me
alvin bro chill with the burgers
I just woke up...I'm hungry
Used to come here all the time with my boys after we smoked and got the munchies late as hell.  Moved couple hours away unfortunately
I use to live like 2 blocks from tommys and have been eating their burgers since i was introduced to them by my father when i was 5 (am 22 now)! One of the best burger spots in L.A (also very ghetto at night so i'd suggest going in daytime haha)
I wanna drink a burger 🍔🔥
Shout out to people under the stairs
If you’re ever constipated go to Tommy’s 😂😂
Host looks sick
Tommy’s is OG!
I must be missing something. I live in LA and I don't like Tommy's burgers at all. :^\
homie needs to lose some burgers! too much in and not enough OUT!
its not l.a you love its the chicano culture and i understand why its all love homie
This video doesn’t exactly make us Angelenos look very good...
In n out is soo overated
the host has an eating disorder
Everyone is wasted
this show needs action bronson
Diarrhea in a bag
TUJUNGA tommys for me....riding my bikes growing up and then drunkin nights the dude at the window bouncing his glass eye on the counter to gross out the girls...the flying kites as a kid tying string aftwr string rolls as the kite broke and finding it in the canyon..then getting burger...man soooo many memories
guarantee he is super high in the intro
I only eat from the Beverly Tommy's. I live in La Verne 🕺🏽💃🏽💫💕
Best burger place in LA
Nice conversation
Thirsty for some burgers now
Everyone is clowning on the first guy, but what about the rest of the random people they put in the video? 😂
"I'm 25 now"
"She lying, she's 41". Lmfao.
Tommy’s ain’t all that lmao
That dude at the beginning sounded like he has some mental problems
Alvin look like he bout to die of a heart attack by the next episode
First we feast trying to kill this guy
The guy drinking burgers reminds me of Michael Shannon...
Tommy’s gives me chorro
how long till alvin dies? i mean he looks like he's a sneeze away from a heart attack.
Are they in LA?
What’s the song at the end
Nobody in LA goes to Tommy’s anymore lmfao it isn’t a “secret handshake” wtf
Into guys have at least 10 shots in them.
If u ever come to michigan check out telways and a place called the hunter house. There both burger joints.
adults acting like children.... sad
I’ve lived in LA my whole life and I’m telling y’all right now it’s DOG SHIT food. I’d rather eat the family owned Jimmy’s, Mikes, Sam’s, or whatever burgers. I have no idea why this is on here.
That intro was primo 10/10
Hey president of tommys. Bring a tommys to Phoenix az for all the dodgers L.A natives out here in az. Why you have 3 tommys in vegas. We need a tommys in az especially after a spring training dodgers game out here in Glendale az.
Never really ate Tommy's that often growing up in LA, but real Angelenos also know about Tams and The Hat!
Hahaha I like that Roy brought up Splatoon to describe the chili
IM LOW-KEY TRYING TO DRINK A TOMMY'S BURGER.
one of the best shows on youtube.
Seeing the host makes me not want a burger.
Intro speaker thought he was on buzzfeed
That’s yankee chili. The best chili is the Chunky stuff. The chili from the Southeast USA is the best
This video is so LA 😭 I love it
Hes just not a charismatic host. This ship has set sail with holes in the hull.
I miss tommys sooo much. They need to put one tommys in Phoenix az for all the L.A natives dodgers fans out here in Glendale az. They have 3 tommys in vegas. That is not fair
This series and Hot Ones are the best
Yeah great - a review of a burger joint by two drunk and high chulohs 😆
Go to Dick's in Seattle!
99 problems but tommy aint one
0:00 this guy clearly drank lots of burgers, i mean ate lots of beers....
a new host would be cool
SIKE!!!!
drink a burger
what the alcoholic is going on!
Why everyone they interviewed in line was drunk and high at the same time
Tommy's looks like one of dem stoner paradises lol I'd be so down to grub there on the daily
Come on guys now it's gonna be more packed now.  la spot for years loved this place before in n out still do come here the original too.
That burger so juicy you can straight up drink it.
Homeboy was drunker than Cooter Brown.
so "uniquely l.a.' we have it in florida..........biff burger serve chilli burgers
Dude ties his shoes in the middle of Tommy’s. Alvin “ that is so uniquely LA!”
Alvin is a great guy, he knows about his stuff... but, dude... he's really no good as a host, get's boring really quick, unlike many of the other hosts of the channel. Maybe he should just produce? Just looking out guys.
Go to Louis Burgers in Compton !
"Can I get extra cheese"  smh
drink a burger lmao
That chest hair🤢
You need to come to Akron Ohio for Swensons
Yo this is epic
The original Tommy’s always tastes the best. Back in the day my pops used to take us there after church at the Placita Olvera and my ass used to gobble up those burgers and looked forward to going to church just for the food after
I grew up on tommys going there after cruising it Hollywood blvd. Az food sucks out here. They only have in n out nothing like tommys chili.And the hat pastrami.
Those stoned dudes in the intro were stupid funny
did any body see the tommys video with the rat inside when it was closed lol!!
Hit this spot up every time I go to LA, but if you’re in Sacramento there is a place called Willie’s burgers that comes close to Tommy’s.
I like Big Tomys at Pico and Sepulveda 🍔
Tam's. Tam's in Lynnwood. Cheeseburger and fries with ranch guuud lawwwwd
"There's like this game,Splatoon where you shoot the things and there's like the thing that comes out and the chili feels like it has that density and weight."
-Roy Choi at 1:58
This is not for out of towners. Not everything is for everybody. This is strictly for LA.
this is getting super repetitive and thirsty for content
Y’all picky as hell just get everything on it
Pretty good looks good to
Wow that gut sticks out like 3 feet at least.
They picked the worst people possible to represent Tommy’s
Whats up with evan??
are they bangee boys?????? they are very touchy
Didn't Ice Poseidon come here, get a hot dog, and say it was disgusting? lol. But yeah we all know Tommy's is a LA classic :P
Im not gon lie im come to read the comments about the host i feel bad but they're hilarious lmao
You gotta loose weight man.
Please come to europe tommmy
So when are you gonna have Gordon Ramsey on?
When she bites the tip off the hot pepper, was that to make it Kosher or something?
Whoop whoop 😝😝😝😝😝tommy best stop in town
Too bad the food here is ass now I mean look at the crowd outside it’s BOOMIN
This is LA. Not that hipster transplant avocado toast bullsh.
This series has been great so far, but Alvin's got to quit saying "L.A. this...", "L.A. that...", "This is L.A....". I think we all know your from L.A., you don't have to remind us, and you don't have to hype it up.
love the show and love Alvin but you gotta loose some weight bro..
My father took our family to the original Tommy's in the mid-seventies and it will always be the best burger I've ever had. It's been like ten years since I've been there and seeing this makes me think I need to make the pilgrimage from South OC soon.
I LOVE TOMMYS!!! Every time I go to LA  to visit the fam I always grab chili cheese fries and burger first!
Caltech has a lot of traditions with this place
To drink a burger
dude in the intro been drinking too many burgers
to drink a burger
How they not get chili cheese fries?! That’s the best thing they offer
damn burger show running out of ideas already? Yall know pizza show has like 3 seasons
The original Tommy’s is the best drunk grub. It’s messy and filling. Plus you get that bomb diarrhea after eating it
My childhood!!! I miss it so much
He always wears the same black shirt
That man is too high.
well wtf, do you actually loose braincells when eating this stuff? this ppl are horrible. "..... im coming here since im like 9 ....." yes god damn it we all see that .....
Dear camera man. Please no more side profile shots of the host....
Dude....you’ve got to lose some weight. I used to weigh 360 lbs you’re going to die soon. I lost 170 I’m not bragging but you have got to drop that or you will die. You won’t believe how much better you’ll feel just waking up.
I had my first chili burger at Tommy's,  best chili burger hands down!!
Tommy's in Huntington Park CA. Miss those amazing days growing up. Great food. Amazing friends and family❤
bruh how high are you though?
Splatoon reference. I like this guy.
You never fail to entertain me and make me hungry! always waiting for the next episode. Much love
I really miss Tommy's. Every time I'm in socal I hit one up.
bro alvin kinda lookin nice
he got that WAGON
no homo
Tommy's is the Best until you have to use the restroom....ohhhh Boy!
We’ve all been those dudes in the intro at some point.
Dudes in the intro was clearly drunk lol
4:56 Those two look like a straight up handful. 😂
To any out of towners that come to LA... Tommy's is amazing after a night of drinking but just know that it will most give you the shits in the morning!!!!... still worth it though specially with extra peppers on the side
The risk of getting shot here adds to the experience
Alondra and poineer was my tommys 🤤
Love the thought of Roy playing Splatoon
I used to love going to Tommy’s ever Friday after football games. Until one overly drunk night, walked in the door, smelled the chili, walked out and threw up.
What if you put tommys chili on a in n out burger. Fukkkkk...ultimate LA burger drunk food
This is the real LA with the real LA joints. That whole notion that Los Angeles is avocados, whole foods and vegan is brought by out of towners and Hollywood. None of which associate with the real inner city angelinos.
2:36 "FuCk HeR iN ThE PuSsY!!!"
Man I’m tryna drink a burger one day ...
Love the show and vibe....But, good lord the host may not make it to another season.  Seriously man should be concerned for his health.
Roy Choi plays Splatoon confirmed
D R I N K A B U R G E R I T ‘ S W O R T H I T
Straight up heading to Tommy's right now. I can really appreciate this season for all the eats and culture I grew up with that First We Feast is able to capture. #LAbred
Tommy’s late night after a Dodger game is good, but nothing beats IN N OUT.
'drink a burger' - weed
Tommy’s was definitely the LA spot before the internet
I always add burgers to my double cup. If I'm gettin' lit you already know that I'm leaned back with burgers.
Everybody is faded in this vid. 😂
i hope that guy in the intro didnt drive an hour to get there. or drive at all lol
Tommys chili is like crack one you get it you cant stop
"Lines looking a little long?" Not even close.
To drink a burger.
To all the haters ... would you trust a skinny chef ?
The blonde Hispanic sounds like a black women. It’s weird
How many burgers you think you got left in you, man...? It's not lookin good, brotha.
Most cringeworthy video
2:13 listen closely
Fatburger > Tommys
what's up with keemstar in the beginning
Damnit man, I've been craving Tommy's for almost a year already, your video certainly isnt helping out either... time to go get some Tommy's.
that dude in the beginning of the video with his bra strap t-shirt on talking drunk man right here 😂😂😂
Old school  restaurants  are awesome
Suddenly thirsty for a burger
Y'all are so high lmao
That beanie is screaming for help
The intro guy is so high
Ha ha that intro interview though!
Dude that guy was fried
Are they all high hahah :D
Tommy's is a secret?
i aint drinkin no burger lol
DID I JUST WITNESS A STROKE IN THE BEGINNING
No, tomatoes belong on burgers if you don't get 🍅 on your burger then you don't deserve to exist.
Finally.
He is such an akward host
Tommy’s use to be way better back in the day I don’t know what happen use to go to the one on Whittier Blvd
71th
The two guys in the intro could not have been more stoned, am i right? Lets drink that burger.
I don’t like chilli so this place is the worst imo
Adding Tommy’s to my go-to burger spots in LA now
the intro, who is that functional illiterate?
The intro should be used as a PSA.
I love burgers and I love this channel... but this series lacks.  Not one of these episodes has shown me something that has "wow'd" me.  And to be honest, Sean Evans should host all of your shows.  The host is not the best.
My mans an absolute unit
never been to la but i defo need to get to tommys if i do
It's almost like every internet show about food needs to have a host who has it's own gravitational pull.
Tommy's is gross tho
Tommy's is gross tho
Alvin was much more animated and enthusiastic this episode which made it much better than some of the other ones.
YEAHMAN I grew up on Tommys. at 53 I still go and get a double chili cheese burger. It kills in-n-out
Grew up in LA and yeah Tommy’s is a thing but it’s not good.... it truly is a spot you hit up when drunk. That’s the only time. But I’d easily pick King Taco.
Middle of summer, and this fatboy wearing a beanie??? Whatyoumeean
Get the host some veggies. Sad he’ll die by age 60
I had Tommy’s in LA and it was good but when they opened one in San Diego I was really disappointed. The burgers were soooo bland I couldn’t believe how different the two locations were. Might as well take the name off the location in San Diego because it’s not the same!
So what is this show, "How to diabetes"?
I'm shocked this is getting featured. This place is garbage unless you're completely trashed.
lol mexicans
That man needs tomatoes because his heart is gonna explode. CHANGE THE HOST
Oh gimmie!!!
That "OK" at 5:25 triggered my Google Assistant
The intro was priceless man "drink a burger" hire him
The best part living by this OG spot, is after watching a Laker game whether it was at the Staple Center or at home and just hit Tommy’s right after with your friends and family.




Tommy’s > In-N-Out
Tommys in Hollywood after the club yuuuup!
come on man!! this is a very loved channel of mine have such huge subs   how can you make that your oppening scene man??   lol
Used to wait in line that extended around the corner onto Rampart in the 70s
look man i never smoked weed , never drink any alcoholic drinks, never took any kind of drugs yet i can bet the 1st guy talking was high on something man!!!lol
Definitely gonna go to Tommy's next time I travel to LA
I knew this, stop revealing the secrets of LA
Did my Manz just say ‘drink a burger’ ???
I live right near a Tommy’s in Vegas. Definitely a guilty pleasure to have one of their burgers
That guy is O B E S E
Pretty sure dude on the left in the intro was wearing a ladies tank top. I mean, bruh...those straps are mighty thin! If there is underwire present...it's a dead give away lmao
R I G H T H E R E intensifies
Tommys Vs In N Out who wins ?
Real people from LA know tams
Can they get a Netflix show please?
born and raised in echo park buuuuuuuut tommy’s is a no go for me.
Didn’t know the kid from ‘Modern Family’ was all grown up and hosting a burger show!
That asian dude is gonna die cuz this show lmao
No pickles Alvin? GTFO here :P
Does are Good! But you should try A&T bugers and they're chili cheese fries in Compton 🔥 and dont for the yellow chili's lol
Judging by their clientele, I think Tommy's accepts food stamps.
best intro ever
"Drink a burger" boyyy you high af
Man Ubereats is 2.49 delivery .  The Breakfast menu the best.  Best DUI spot un town.
My dudes, i am so stoked to drive an Hour and a half to drink a burger
WE DRINK BURGERS OUT HERE.
on a scale of 1 to drink a burger, how high are you?
Lived a few blocks away from one. Took my Japanese roommate there once he oh go so much food.
that was just a terrible description of splatoon
For someone who suffers from chronic acidity, I don't understand the concept of drunk munchies. Sigh !
World femis cheeli borgers
Bet that one in blue knows how to work out.
Dude in the beginning has evolved. He now drinks burgers.
Anyone else only know of Tommy’s Burgers because of Grandma’s Boy?
That dude is so big
👍👍👍
This dude needs to stop doing this burger show or he won't be around for too much longer.
Whats the songname from the endcard ?
Remember see a video of a giant LA rat running in the restaurant.🤢🤮
Tommy's chili is trash. It's basically a meaty refried beans. Same for The Hat.
I grew up in LA and Tommy's is one of the ONLY things I miss here in NYC.
tamales are amazing... WAIT! DID THEY JUST ADD CHILLY ON TOP OF THE TAMALES!? Looks like im taking a road trip from SD this weekend
Roy Choi is a legend
Summa LAs finest at the beginning
That dude was high as fuuuck at the start, lol!
this is my favorite show now
This made me want chili cheese fries from tommy's... it's 9:30 am lol so rude
Dude at the beginning was smashed haha
Let us drink a burger
the host looks sick
Burgers so baked you can drink them
To drink a burger umm I mean eat a burger 😂😂😂
OMG!! Homegirl just broke the bank when she bit the yellow pepper and juiced the burgerrrrr!! Ohhhh Shitttt she just unlocked a whole different cheat code in my burger game!! In N Out here I comeeeee
Dude you need to hit 1 of 2 places in San Diego: Nessy's...makes an In'n'Out burger look like a garbage pile and its a straight up shack next to the freeway...OR...the Balboa is a dive bar right next to...you guessed it...beautiful Balboa Park...with a burger called the Burgito...its a cross between a Cali burrito and a burger. You're Welcome.😜
Ghetto Michael Shannon at the beginning drinking all the burgers.
i mean nothing against the host, but god damn he just doesn't give a good image, if he was a bit fat ok whatever, but the dude is like my 600 pound life shit, and the grimey beard and the overall greasy look doesnt help man
Tommys=diarrhea
Why do you sound so uninterested in the voiceover
Whatever the first guy is on I want to buy it now...
I grew up in San Pedro, the best Tommy’s in the world was on Gaffey. Miss it so much.
Bobby Lee looks kinda old but glad Janice Soprano got out of New Jersey
the was a lot of red...droopy eyes...
This is my #1 place I miss in LA. I live in Arizona and whenever we go through Cali we will go out of our way to come here!!!
everyone is so frikkin high lmao
I LOVE TO GET MY BURGER CALI STYLE WITH A SIDE OF CHILI CHEESE FRIES WOOO TOMMY’s. IS THE BOMB
Roy Choi the OG!
Are u drunk bro?
What's the big deal about it then? If that guy didn't eat for a day, his stomach will digest his own body.
Hell yeah finally tommys ... I live in oregon now but when I visit home LA,  tommys is where i want to go when I get there and when i leave.
Fxck her in da pxssy
Only place i go to when i come back to the 213... You can get me out the hood but cant get the hood out me...
I was born and raised in Los Angeles, The only way to eat a Tommy's burger is to get the chili on the side because that chili is disgusting as anything but a dipping sauce for the fries. Also hands down the grossest chili dog I've ever had
Watching while hungry... bad idea
That older guy that spoke about the history, holy shit I love his deep and rich voice!
This dude is not gonna see his 40th birthday.
Melt my patties ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"is it a burger or a sandwich" smh a burger is a sandwich
Dat asian dude gonna die cuz this show
That old boy has a golden voice
Bro much love, but you need to watch your health. You won't make it much longer. You can eat this crap, but offset it! We want you to continue this journey.
Patty melts are such diner Staples. You see it in almost every table. The rye bread just makes the Patty melt so good.
Watching this is like a heroin addict working the poppy fields ...
This wasn't much of a "Quest". You had two melts.
That being said, they both looked bomb.
this dude need to go on the quest for a salad
Jesus I dont think hes healthy enough for this show...
Whataburger’s patty melt🔥🔥
I love the show. But I dont know how else to say this without sounding harsh but; you've Got to get a handle on that weight homie. For real tho. Not even trying to be a troll or a dick about it. That belly is completely out of control and your health is going to tank, hard and fast one day real soon if you don't get control of that. For your own health and the longevity of your working life, please consider getting your physical shape in order bro. Nothing is more important than your health.
This show heals me
A patty melt is my ultimate judgement of any diner.
Does this guy really think he was the only one that ever thought about putting cheese on a burger?
my guy needs to take a break on the burgers ayyyy lol
Just here to read comment about alvin
So this is how you get a coronary
0:32 "I love burgers."  Oh I thought salad gave you that figure.
Anyone else see that guys blue weed shirt
Thank you for not being like 99% of foodtuber channels who just do everything with A5 Wagyu. Some of us ain't royalty 😂
How about The Quest for the Ultimate Quinoa Salad!.. take care of yourself my man...
$14.75 for a patty melt?  That is crazy.
I live next to cossel wtf ima go there tomorrow 😍
Amazing content, guys! I'm subscribing.
That creation of the first cheeseburger sounds like an old wive's tale to me.
Burgers, sandwiches, patties, ham, cheese and buns have existed for far too long to not have been combined already.
By how good their patty melts is.... 🤦‍♂️. Geeze
I think Whataburger when I hear Patty melt
Loving the PUTS outro song. "Eat Street" has always been one of my favs by them.
Whataburger Patty Melt is king
I love his content and all the food... but I worry about how long he has left if he keeps living like this.
this look amazing i love this show keep It up first we feast 🔥
"I like burgers"







WHO WOULD HAVE GUESSED
Question: What's the limit on cheese slices for a patty melt; like, what's the unreasonable amount? And the best sauce?
bro you're a dope host and I wish you nothing but the best, but eating this junk won't do you any good right now. All love just don't want any health issues for you
Fantastic show!  I absolutely love hearing the history behind the food we eat.  I would love to collaborate with you on a Burger Show episode one of these days!  Keep the KILLER content coming!  Cheers
Alvin, please lose weight , I want to see more content from you in the future.👍
Yooo what's that dope track at the end?! I didn't see any info in the drop down
God, I knew this season was going to make me so sad I'm not in LA any more :(
Ran 3 crossfires at a steakhouse. They're nice tbh.
Biff = skinny John Goodman.

A patty melt is a once a year sort of thing.  It's the Monte Cristo of burgers.  Best if you eat a quarter - half tops.  Way too rich for me.  Share with someone having a BLT - or better yet a salad.  Host guy - you gotta back off Holmes.  This shit ain't worth dying over.
Patty Melt Making Rule #1 ~ USE RYE BREAD! :)
STEAK AND SHAKE Frisco melt @5bucks with fries pretty damn good on a small budget
The owner of this place has a naturally better voice that "epic voice guy" from Honest Trailers!
Hey much love for big guys your hella cool and and super knowledgeable love the show :-)
Chuck Norris found his calling in Patty MElts
Sam the cooking guy.
Owner sounds like he should be calling an MLB game
I changed my mind FWF I don't want more for Alvin's health
this guy should make a gourmet bunnings snag
🍔 are my fav ‘meats & lots of cheese’ watching this is making me  hungry🤤😛😍
I won't thumbs down if HE DOESNT MENTION IN AND OUT OR SHAKE SHACK
Alvin: "I love burgers" 
Christian: in his head "yea i can see that"
“ive had a lot of burguers on thus show........


we know bro
Ski mask the slump god next interview!
"she-shu-rone" it's pronounced "chi-cha-rron- exactly how it's spelled.
Once the cheese crisps up, why not fold it back on to the sandwich? It might be pretty nice like that.
This guy..... This guy is living my dream...... One of my most favorited foods and he gets to try every variety of a burger.
that old guy sounds just like fred willard
Dupars! im there once a week, best early bird special in the city.   Cassells!  I love everything about this place.  I always swing by if I'm at the line hotel
I liked the video solely because of the People Under The Stairs at the end
Why is it that I always end up watching these videos at 3 in the morning?
I'm hungry as hell now ;_;
Dude looks like Luke Perry's long lost brother.
@0:33 "I love burgers!"....well obviously 😂🤣
"I'd throw American in there, just for the feel.  Swiss has that nice sweetness that complements the onions."

Sorry, but these statements show you know nothing about what you are talking about.
That's American rye bread? 
Real rye bread is either dark brown or black as night. Dense and filling.
As aman who doesn't really crave alot of bread, Patty melts look amazing!
Im ashamed to say I'm a virgin though, never tried one.
Biff Naylor sounds like the protagonist of an old comic book like Flash Gordon.
This video got me hyped, now I'm finally eating my first patty melt and it's awesome
Alvin seems humble,considering how successful of a restauranteur he is.
Alvin: "i've had a lot of burgers on this show"
Based on the looks of it, not just on this show...
Steve’s burgers in Elmwood Park nj best patty melt in the USA hands down!!
We need to have  Alvin, Sean, And Chili Klaus together for a reaper.
There's absolutely no reason to have slices of cheese hanging out like dog ears. It doesnt look good and it's in the way regardless of how you turn it.

Cut it off, Fold it in or start frying slices of cheese on their own to serve on the side.
ITS FUKIN RAW!  - gordon ramsay
God I love this show....  Burgers IS LIFE!
David Chang is getting shout outs everywhere I love it!
The Quest for the Ultimate Heart Attack
Watching on a diet
Review the motherfuckin mcgriddle
$15 for a basic cheeseburger... welcome to LA...
This has quickly become one of my favorite shows!
I know them as grilled cheese burgers
Cinematography of the episode is outstanding!
every episode my dude keeps getting bigger. off-putting
I love the show, but I worry a little for Alvin's health.
That griddle/drawer/broiler contraption was very cool.
Not a bad life is it just going round LA eating burgers and patty melts 🤤
Patty patty







P A T T Y
0:50 when you spread her cheeks/thighs from behind
iM SO BAKED BRO ... GODAMNiT
I am immediately suspicious of people who claim to have done the "first" cheeseburger or patty melt. That's gotta be false.
Watching this while I'm eating chips made me feel like I'm garbage.
Best Patty Melt is Marty's Late Night in Birmingham AL
Excuse me sir, but that thumbnail is outrageously offensive to dieting folk. Triggered.
14.75 $ for a patty melt?? Nah.. In-n-out here I come
biff nail-her woulda slayed the poon back in the day
Now I’m hungry bruh
A patty melt an amped-up version over Burger with overloads of flavor
Does first we feast care about this mans health?
Dude, is Alvin getting bigger every episode? I seriously worry about his health man...
2:01
Handshake or not to handshake..
Dude new favorite show.  High af,  ty
DIBETUS INTENSIFIES
This is a suicide mission
Dude, you guys need to do a Reuben episode. I find it difficult to find good Reubens sometimes.
Alvin is my new man-crush :-)
I really need to go to LA
Watching while eating 🍽 great idea 💡
The owner has a such amazing voice
Spires Restaurant in Los Angeles County (several locations) have a GREAT patty melt.
"Look at that flapper" (stands half naked in front of a mirror)
Always follow your heart. Unless your heart tells you to create a burger docu-series that sends you on a quest to find the pinneacle of meat n' cheese delicousness, as this will surely destroy your heart.
Alvin, hit me up if you need some Ator 80, i can write you a Rx dawg.  We get dat LDL down so you can keep makin' dat show.
The ultimate patty melt is at St Anselm in Brooklyn. It's like french onion soup in patty melt form. So delicious.
14.75 for burger on  bread??
Not one person ever put cheese on a burger before 1924. Ask your grandma
So a toasted sandwich. Yeah I'm sure it goes further back than 1920
I run a chain of takeout diners in Japan. I'm adding Patty Melts to the menu tomorrow!!!! This entire burger series is on a whole different level. Thanks!!!!!
@RickyBerwick for Hot Ones!
i don’t like onions that much so i don’t like patty melts that much
Look so juicy omg so hungry i luv caramelized onion
$14.75  for a sandwich I can make at home for a tenth of that price? No thanks
Alvin please start taking care of yourself my dude!
Twenty five-year professionally trained chef here.....  and both of theses restaurants are VERY much on my places to go!!!
That thumbnail ruined my “I’m gonna take it easy today” diet vibe
Hope I land this new job! I want to go into my kitchen and get cooking again. I'm literally starving.
Whataburger has the best patty melts, am I right fellow Texans?
Cool videos.
This big guy should consider a keto diet for a while...
Pretty expensive, 16.50 for a burger is alot
Is there sirens in the background or Is it just my hood it's the same siren
You need to get the Trailer Park Boys on hot ones 😂
Def gotta stop at Cassell's when I visit LA
5:21 The previous owner's name sounds almost like alka seltzer.
This show make me want to go out right now and get some burger real quick
Mince meat in bread - Source good meat;  prep lots of extras - For me the extras make it, and make a quick burger sauce, and Bob's your uncle.
hmm actually,
I CAN'T eat burgers no more (beef in general) but i love watching burgers and burger related videos.
I just love watching people enjoy their food.
Look yummy
ITS RAW
the older gentleman in the beginning sounds like he could have been a great sports broadcaster
DUde! what's that song at the end! I NEED IT!!
Nah fr, the producers need to get our mans on a workout plan. We can't have him having a heart attack through the series, he's getting big!
the whataburger patty melt is hands down the best patty melt burger ever
Like half of you are even 'healthy' writing these comments. Yeah, improvements can be made but choosing to only comment on his current health shows self conscious insecurities within your self. We all have genetics and lifestyles that can be altered but to see so much negativity focused on him shows some personal weakness embedded. I think he did amazing.
Hot Ones needs Andrew Lincoln on the show
Now that's not rye bread
I looove a good patty melt! There's something about one even different from a burger where you just feel you're getting away with something. Sometimes they're so good with all that cheese I could drink the fuckin thing! Also definitely has that diner nostalgia feeling built-in.
Go to Whataburger
i always new this guy was gonna be huge!!
Was outro music Thes One from PUTS?  Love a good patty melt!
(Takes bite of burnt cheese) WOW
look at that flapper...  something he says every time he takes off his shirt.
right
right
Get psychicpebbles as a guest on either hot ones or this. I think it would make the episode a million times better! Btw keep up the good work!
Can I just say that I love this show!! Except for my drooling that always results!
Try it out 4:44
Those are not rye bread! smh
The host of this show is most likely dying young if he does not switch diets. Looks insanely unhealthy
Quest. Only two restaurants are shown. Damn Alvin, that was a fast quest.
Du-Par's also sells solid doughnuts as big as your face. For the best ones, get there around 6 am. You're welcome.
This man is literally killing himself to make this show. Now that's dedication.
be my friend too shiiit.  we can go on the food adventures you want, no cameras.  SUB.SCRIBED.
They should try going to Burger Revolution. It's the only place I know that puts peanut butter and blue cheese on burgers.
If anyone is curious, the best patty melt in LA is from a place in Studio City called The Bellwether. It's not close. @firstwefeast check it out.
this is pretty much the original hamburger
You need to slow down on  burgers honey your health is more important.
My burgers are the  best
I first thought that the chef was damn toasted, was confirmed by the logo on his leaf tho
this guy needs to relax or we wont have a season 3
For real the host should diet cause that weight aint gonna wait...
Its #1: Action Bronson #2: Matty Matheson #3: Mayhem Lauren #4: Alvin Cailan #5: Babish
Hitting Cassell's this weekend 🤘
Great episode! lol, but why did you copy Sean's awkward rhythm for your outro? 8:33
maaan yall need to go to pittsburgh and try primantis promise it wont disappoint
FWF needs to get a better host for this show.
Meanwhile I'm eating air 🤤
I have to stop watching this before I eat
I'm hangry now
I'm going home to make some. Thanks FWF 🤙
SUMMER SCHOOL AINT GONNA STOP ME FROM BEING EARLY TO THE VIDEO
patty melt at whataburger is best
People are so mean. Love the show!
$15 for a patty melt, damn.
$14.75?

Nope.
I was expecting something more original than some cheese not fitting on the sandwich
I like this show but this dude just grosses me out.
Du-par's had great food when the Oberst family owned it. The last time I was there, aka about 2 years ago the food was meh. Having that investor group owned buy the Naylor's buy it, the food quality went down hill. Cassell's though is still going strong, I hope they keep making awesome food for years to come.
I used to make patty melts for my wife and I cuz we really enjoy them but I can't physically do it anymore
Am poor so i cant afford this.
Waiting for the Dave Arnold collaboooooooooo!
Maybe slow down on the burgers buddy.
He sounds like Sean Evans at the end “if not for me, for the burgers” lol
I'm not due for a lunch break for another half hour, now I'm freaking starving. I always get caught in this trap!
"I love burgers" no kidding.
This episode made me feel the real chef feels. Cooking is life.
it’s gotta be texas toast not rye
Team Patty Melt where you at? 😍
HOLY FLAMING FUCKBALLS, I was wrapping up cooking dinner for myself while listening to this episode as it played on my smart TV just off my kitchen and I was 1,000,000,000,000% CONVINCED that the gentleman who is the guest/host of this video (Biff Naylor) was John Goodman!!!  I mean, his voice is EXACT!   ADDITIONALLY, I am flat-out SHOCKED that I am the first to comment on this!  

That mindfuck aside, what a great video (as always), thanks for sharing (as always)!!!

P.S.  If we ever need a John Goodman voice stand-in/impersonator, we have found our man, and it will be effortless work for this lovely man!  

Cheers, @FWF!!!
Dude, you have the best job!
Idk if its sacrilegious but I always get mustard on my patty melts. Plz don't hurt me.
Tired of seeing y'all comment about his weight. You don't know him. You don't know his lifestyle. You only see 10 minutes of his life each week, you don't know what he eats or does outside of that. Mind your business.
Damn it Alvin, I wish I hadn't gotten "enhanced' before watching.  Now I'm too focused on patty melts to fully enjoy my Go-Chicken-Go (KCMO) livers and gizzards.   Anyone know of a killer patty melt in my neck of the woods?  Good episode, Alvin.  You're The Man.
My bro reminds me a little of Eric Koston.
I've been making these without knowing it was a thing! With the Swiss cheese and everything. It is a king amongst the patty based eats.
$15 for that Dupar’s melt that looked like a 1/4 lb patty. No thanks.
I never understood wtf is the point of a patty melt. A burger is better on a bun 100% of the time. A sandwich is better on bread 100% of the time. You are actively making both constructions worse by switching the bread types.
Its gotta be on Texas toast. I may be biased though 😜
Biff Taylor/Biff Naylor.... hmmm


Lawrence Turdburger made a cheese burger?
Dude but I
 suggest you stop eating greasy food like that for a while.
Notice how he/Alvin spits 5:03
The owner of the diner sounds exactly like sully from from Monsters.inc
I’m ordering a patty melt today lol Cali Life
1:37 I have been looking around for this stupid phone that keeps ringing smh
$15 for a patty melt??
That's where the Vlog Squad eats!!!
I am so in love with you guys.. Eat enjoy . Much love to you both
"look at that flapper"   That's the exact same thing i said when i went to bed with my tinder date last night !!
They're literally burgers but with different bread...
Clean handshakes, much respect
no better job for a fat guy, I'm envious
I love this show and the host is great.
Do an episode with david dobrik
I thought that was Justin Timberlake
this dude really has to stop loving burgers. his heart wont stand the love much longer
I think Mr. Glutonous should slow down a bit or he won't be able to enjoy burgers anymore when he's past 40
Oops my shirt is all wet now because those patty melts have me drooling!!
Why does Biff sound like Sully from Monster's Inc. Haha
You gotta use Marble Rye
some burguer history right there! dont u dare end this show dude!
The way this guy is going I'll give him 2 years before he kicks the bucket....this guy is huge af
I'm hungry just from the intro
Dude's gonna die by 40 eating burgers like that weekly.
I hope you're loving life Alvin 🙁
lul yes i love the pot leaf on his shirt
something unappealing about watching a super unhealthy guy eat super unhealthy food. IMO
dude youd better paying the host health check
Its hard to wear a pot leaf that doesn't look totally ridiculous, good job
I cant really get behind this dude, way too LA bro dude man style. Stick to Instagram and egg sammys bruh.
Why is the sky blue?
Why is water wet?
Fat guy needs to lay off the patty melts
so this restaurant chain is owned by biff tannen ?
Dam hungry! Awesome food and video. Thank you!
What kinda chain is he wearing?? Looks dope!!
Thanks for the great work
Makes me want a steak n shake Frisco melt.
This show is bloody fantastic. Please keep doing it!
Thats a raw burger
Dam, that looks good!
Best patty melt hands down is in Arkansas. Riverbend restaurant
Plz don't make it slow motion it makes me hungry every second
am i the only one that noticed the spit fly out his mouth at 5:04
Dude this host is dangerously large, wrong job for him i think
Now my grilled cheese I made doesn't look all that appealing any more.
i thought du-par’s closed down a few months ago.
I apologize for all my fellow Americans making all the rude comments...this show is fucking amazing!  You are amazing Alvin!  The next time you go through the burger belt...please investigate the ,"horseshoe burger" from Springfield, IL bro.
I think I just found my new favorite show.
For taste and value, In N Out is the king of fast food burger.
Damn! I pass by Du-Par's and Cassell's  all the time! But I've never been to either places...
Big man is seriously frightening me eating this stuff.
Well shit...y'all put out the episode I asked for. Glad to see...and a truly great episode! Informational and delectable!
Dude you need to go in search of  “The Quest For the Ultimate Healthy Salad”.
Take a break bro, you sound like the South Park kids in that World of Warcraft episode :1. No bueno.
this poor dude gaining a pound with each day :(
The flapper cheese which ends up cooled down and hard by the time it gets to the table just ain't working for me. The rest looks great. I was wondering why they just don't flip the overhanging cheese back onto the bread just prior to closing the sandwich up.
Biff Naylor sounds so much like John Goodman
>Quest for the ultimate patty melt
>tries two
another episode of my favourite show on tyoutube. beautiful. This show gave me trhe flair for making the best burgers in my area. I love alvin and all  his burger ventures.
Christian Page reminds me of Mr. 3 comma club himself
Biff sounds just like John Goodman
Y'all enabling this man....to never get healthy.
Rare mince meat? Can someone explain me? Shouldn’t it be well done? I was always told that mince meat not fully cooked can actually be very harmful
Anywhere I go I either try the patty melt or Reuben.
Watching a man eat himself to death, ignorance must be bliss.
that host should probably stop eating burgers soon
What a sweet old man c: also so many of the comments are just disappointing 
I thought to expect more from people but then you remember that it’s the YouTube comment section 
Great job man, no one knows what your day to day looks like 
And certainly no one should be judging you based off of 8 minutes of your life 
I hope you have a great day and I also hope you never see this comment because it also means you would’ve had to see the terrible shit others wrote too
Charles Boyle Would Love This Show, if you know who that is reply the show he is in.
Patty melt > burger.  Go for it next time your out at 2 a.m. w a regular Coke on ice.  Nothing better.
Makes me mad they dont ever do well done for ppl that dont like rare or medium well
yeah dude i smoke weed, did you see my shirt?
That dude is going to die by season 3.  Always takes off veggies off burgers.  Eat a salad once in a while (without croutons)....geeze
Too many people commenting on Alvins health. Sure he should eat healthy so he can continue to do this but we're not his parents. Mind your own business geez.
halfway into the vid you guys have tried one patty melt
Dude this guy doubled in size
I’d hit the like button if he would just trim up that neck hair...
It’s crazy to think how something as simple as food brings so many people together in this world.
Just substitute that rye bread for Texas toast and that swiss for cheddar or american cheese, we're good to go 👍
Should've went to Whataburg- oh wait......
this guy is gonna have a heart attack dam.
1:57 Holy shit it's John Goodman
Reminds me of the steak and shake frisco patty burgers. Always got them at 3 am after a night of drinking. Good times
A burger is a sandwich. Just like a hot dog
This dude sounds like John Goodman 😂
I enjoy the sincerity of the host. great show
My #Favorite Ever!!!! I Loooooove it 🙄😋😋😋😋🍔🍟🥒
Tell me yall saw that weed tattoo @5:47
Burger meat coming out your neck bruh 😂😫😲😨😷
Burger meat coming out your neck bruh 😂😫😲😨😷
bounced on my boy's patty melt to this
5:51 rap
So glad we don't have this food in Aus. I am watching this because I never eat this food and it's a novelty watching others eating it.

The disregard for sentient life is real here. And to top it off, this is the stuff of cancer, heart disease and stroke.

Well produced video, though.
Def need to do this with fans, ya famous people is cool but why not meet someone new? With a background you don’t know, could be sweet in down for sure
whataburger patty melt>
The cooks knows what's up I seen the hand
quest for the best patty melt

tries two places
Whataburger’s Patty Melt 👀
mhh steamed hams
Whataburger The Goat for patty melts
The best way to judge a diner is a reuben.  so many ways to screw it up.  If its a good reuben, then the rest of the diner can be trusted.
LA ❤️
Favorite sandwich
Am I the only one that thinks Biff sounds like John Goodman ?
mr nayler sounds so much like john goodman
Hold me closer Tiny Naylor
Sourdough patty melts are my faves. Just awesome. Go get a double or triple patty melt from Culver's and you'l love it.
The Whataburger patty melt 🔥
Never heard of this before. America with these fatty foods. LOVE IT.
"I love burgers"  ...yeah, we can tell.
I got a suggestion for ypu guys on first we feast best pizza i had in my life hands down noone compares lidos pizza in van nuys
Alvin I feel like you've gained weight, pls stay healthy my friend I wanna watch this show for a long time
👍🤤🤤👍
Cheesecharon
Cassells is whack, hipster plz stick to there! Good pie though :)
patty melt aka raw beef sandwich. with cheese.
Gotta try the Frisco Melt at Steak n Shake. Not sure if those are on the west coast
Christian looks like Justin Timberlake in The Social Network talking loudly in his restaurant
This show could've been as good as the Pizza show, but it's just painful to watch this man prepping his own death bed.
2:05 Close your eyes and John Goodman is telling you about the history of the patty melt.
Does working in the food industry require smoking weed?
Are bets still being placed on how many years big boy burger connoisseur has left?
10 enth I think
Team no mayo here!
Honestly still not feeling Alvin as a presenter for this show.
Biff sounds like Fred Willard.
Patty melt was considered a burger because of the meat...which was based on the Hamburg steak...so technically a burger
My favourite, I'm obsessed with patty melts i can eat it everyday
That is not what the cheeseburger origin is
Bruh Alvin is getting bigger and bigger every video
Whataburger Patty Melts tho
I like turkey burgers melts on sourdough....mmmmm
Mofo getting bigger every video
I thought he was gonna fold the crispy cheese bits into the sandwich to wrap around the onions or something. that would be fire.
I think I know what I'm going to get for lunch today
Ultimate quest of choosing between to patty melts. Which will be the best? Tune in next time
I hate to say it but I want this dude to do shows for a long time and if he keeps eating this way without exercising, he won't be for long :(
That patty melt from du pares better be good. I saw on the menu that it was nearly 15 dollars
But what about the cheeseburger being from Connecticut
hey man I can't enjoy this video if the host isn't Sean Evans
Right right right right right
This show is amazing! I loved this episode, thank you for this! PS: For all haters commenting on his weight, you don't deserve Youtube for Free.
Kool bro. Uhhhh, Where is tom segura’s hot ones?
Both of those patty melts looks fantastic.  The onions looks so delicious, and I like the cheese wings on the Cassell's one.

Shady Glen in Manchester, CT does a somewhat similar thing with the cheese on their famous burger.  They put the slices off to the sides, let them crisp up on the griddle, and tease them up into a crown shape.  It's very good, and a sight to behold.  It's like a (literally) grilled cheese sandwich combined with a quality burger.  If anyone ever finds themselves in the Hartford area, Shady Glen and Ted's in Meriden are must stops for burger lovers.
"I have a friend who judges diner's based on their patty melt..." You have a very wise friend. If a diner can't put out good Patty Melt, they shouldn't be in business.
Someone's had a few too many patty melts...
I gotta say that really like the patty melt much more than i do the cheeseburger.  I always have.  So how come it is so hard to find?  It's not like it is harder to make a patty melt than it is a cheeseburger.  It's practically the same.
Lionell turdburglar?
Go to whataburger in texas!!
I absolutely loved the guest this episode
Personally glorifying food like this is dangerous. Eat to live, dont live to eat
I think I'll go with the black shirt today.
Why is Patty Melt dude wearing a weed polo.
I'm doin it for the burgers Alvin. I'm doin it for the burgers.
In Germany you can rate a restaurant by how they make a Yager Schnitzel
It's almost like watching a "don't eat this" video. Delicious I am sure but also dangerous if not in moderation!
Love patty melts. I know what's for lunch today!
This dudes gonna die young.  Guess he's just embracing it.
"I love burgers" 0:30 we can tell.
2:08 I close my ears and hear Sully, shout out John Goodman
Dude this show is great.
dude aint gunna live past 50.
right, right, right, right. right...
We can tell you love burgers
I love this show. But it feels like you always praising burgers. They never get any negative critic. Kinda gets boring.
Those cokes with like 10 ice cubes in them are hurting me. Physically making me cringe.
You did an episode on LA patty melts and you didn't go to Norm's.  Your job is incomplete.
Owner of the diner sounds like John Goodman
The one guy looks like Chili Klaus
so that's what it called ..."patty melt" ... my mom used to make it, because we have hard time finding burger buns near our neighborhood so she replaced it with rye bread ...
bruh why this guy so damn monotone when hes doing the voice over
Damn, I'm hungry now!
Come to Serbia and ask for "Gurmanska Pljeskavica", it beats every thing you ever tryed, and the best part, its usualy 250 RSD, its about 2,60$.
thats some next level shit. I never thought id see such an amazing looking patty melt. I gotta make these.
It feels like I'm slowly watching this guy kill himself. Feelsbad
It’s sad how watching morbidly obese man eating burgers is ok, it’s like watching an alcoholic polish a bottle of whiskey.
gator belts and patty melts
Thank you for sharing this as I’m grateful for you doing this episode about the Patty Melt as my father-in-law(may he Rest In Peace) had introduced me this wonderful-delicious-gorgeous beef sandwich 20+ years ago. I’ve ever been so very grateful to him for the wonderful gift he had given me.
'right'
Note to self: don't watch this while you're high
I love your burger videos #foodtaining
HE NEEDS TO LOSE WEIGHT
i pray this series never runs out of burger variations to do a video about
This guy should not be doing this....he should be putting his health first.
Watch your weight mate, getting to a dangerous stage for you.
https://soundcloud.com/cutewave/baredex-bahari-cutewave
Notification gang 🥇
Whataburger
ｒｉｇｈｔ
Both are sandwiches! Hehe
That poor chair
The Quest for the Ultimate Heart Disease
The patty melt is the best!
wow...
bruhh that patty melt ♡○♡
Is it still a patty melt if I hold the onions? Asking for a friend
Patty melts are the sheeit 👌
Went binging this show, got through one episode before i went to mcdonalds.
isnt that the fluffy guy?
Sherri's diner in Twin Falls Idaho makes a damn good patty melt. A thick luscious patty topped with a mountainous layer of caramelized onions and sweet mayo.(optional bacon and cheese but I would recommend) sandwiched between rich marbled rye toasted to perfection.
A patty melt is my favorite burger.
It's 2am. Really craving a Patty Melt now. Oof.
Is it a good idea to watch when hungry
The first melt looked more appetizing to me to be honest.
This guy should be going on a gym tour not burger tour
We are watching this man die in front of us.
Hopefully this guy decides to change his diet man, seems like a cool guy
Damn, $15 for a patty melt.  What a joke.
Is it me or is the host getting larger each show? I mean he didn't exactly start out being thin and now he's... well... bigger. Might be an idea to do a The Salad Show next?
If they don't go to waffle house, this video is irrelevant
guy must be the best listener with women ... ya, right, right, right, ya
0:14 shout out to the CRZ
Dudeee, lose the weight you're dying.
Haven't eaten in 16 hours now and watching this show makes me want a burger so bad that I might travel to Cali just to eat those patties
anybody recognize the Cannabis Leaf on Christian's Shirt?
its definitely a sandwich tho
I prefer chicken nuggets sorry
imo patty melts are best on the texas toast
My first patty melt was in a restaurant banned by my parents called "Greasy Louie."  It had 2 types of sliced cheeses and it was served between two slices of greasy toast bread of your choice.
What-a-Burget Patty melt can not be beaten
Alvin makes me feel healthy
Yo why is no one giving this guy any direction on his VO. It's like hearing someone make a public domain audiobook.
I love patty melts. It's my benchmark for whether a diner is worth it's salt.
WOOOO
Bros, you are so lucky.  You could not legally serve that in Canada, all ground beef/chuck, must be well done, or the health department shuts you down.   I have never got to have a mid-rare burger from a joint that makes great food. hangs head in shame   Hell I've been disciplined for a mid-burger, and that is one of the reasons I don't cook anymore.
You guys need to have Brad Williams on hot one
I love this host "I love burgers" I can see that
People Under the Stairs that the end.  Saw them in Camden in 2005.
"Right..." ..... "Riiigghtttt..."
When one of them is talking the other one is always going "right" "yea" "yea" "right" "right" "yea"
Is anybody else slightly concerned for Alvin? Like, does he really need to eat all these burgers?
Kinda bored of these "masket commercials".
yall didnt go to whataburger smh
RIGHT RIGHT RIGHT RIGHT
Welcome to the centre of the earth!
Right right right right right right right right
Right. Yea
God I love Patty Melts
Rare or raw?
Gonna get a tapeworm from that raw meat
That meat is raw 2 pink in the middle
Awesome!!!!🤗💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼
What kinda brand is that dudes polo shirt ? Anyone ?
He eats so much meat
Who else thought that was john goodman?
Patty Melts are the GOAT
Thats disgusring
 Now
Madeline Tondi check this out
good once in a while. not every meal  every day.
Patty Melts getting some love and attention! Salute!
American black direct bird likely eating realistic glass pause permanent.
i wish my job was just to eat and talk about food
the Whataburger patty melt is undefeated
rope gang
This looks so yummy! Now I want to make some home-made patty melt.
03:02  I can't believe those prices.  I wouldn't ever pay that much for a simple sandwich.
RIP Dupar's
That guy is from a tasty video
Whataburger
Hit me up if anyone needs #music for any of their videos, etc.
#Soundcloud @Namgungssi got that fresh sound.
Yo. I super stay in Southern La. I going to try deeeeems right now right now right now!
i'm sorry this guy is great, his personality and obvious culinary skill and knowledge are amazing but man needs to drop some pounds. You can't be promoting foods like this when you'r that close to a heart attack. C'mon Vice
Am I the only one who hears John Goodman from Biff? Kind of looks like an older more fit Goodman too.
The owner of Dupar's looks like a president and sounds like a president
That hookah though
Ohhh that guy that works at cassells I go there almost everyday
rare meat scared me away
Watching while eating... good idea.
Im sorry but the burger on the thumbnail is raw in the middle. No thanks.
15$ for a patty melt. F that
I'm Hungry
I'm starving here!
regrub ;)
Nothing better than a burger with blood ☺
Right
sour dough is best
if you’re looking for the best patty melt you need to go to melt bar and grilled in cleveland.
You should have checked out the bellwether this place has a great Patty melt
Raw burgers are a no-go
You guys should get Rou Reynolds on Hot Ones
Nope the patty to bread ratio is way off on that cassells joint
15 dollars, wow
Snoop Dogg in hot ones???
burger show is life
From whataburger duh 🙄
Dude needs to drop this and go on a quest for a razor and a personal trainer...
WHERE IS HOT ONES?!?!?!?! NO NEW EPISODE YESTERDAY
This fat guy has a heart attack in the making.
ПА ЈЕЛ ТО МЕСО НАПРАВЉЕНО КАКО ТРЕБА ЈЕБЕМ ЛИ ТИ МАТЕР У ПИЧКУ 
РОЗЕ БОЈЕ ФУЈ САЛМОНЕЛА 100% НЕМА ШТА 
Нека се трује ко сме, није вредно ни укуса
the cassell owner was also in tasty the tastiest burger i've eaten burger.
You need the '20 minute grilled cheese' at The Onion, Spokane, Wa. Blows these away.
Everyone in this comment section thinks they're diamond Dallas page. Alvin knows he's obese, he knows it's unhealthy, stop telling him what to do and let him live his life. I do agree that his narration could use some work.
y’all need to come to Delaware, OH and visit Thurman’s! they have MONSTROUS burgers and you’d love them!
This fool just looks like he stanks.
the host of this show should hit the gym so he doesn't die early
More food less guy
How are we supposed to know if he smokes weed or not ?
Fatbassterd disrespecting Du-Parrs
Dude looks like a burger
hey nice sandwiches
Am I the only one who is afraid of giving him a heart attack in every bite he gives??  😰
Only 2 restaurants. That's a pretty short quest...
K-Town!!!
Err... What's up with 720p? Is the Burger Show not worthy of full HD?
that dude is about to die
Whataburger Did it first
Needs yellow mustard!
daum
I remember they use to give us Patty melts at school
Get tim heidecker on hot ones
Those neck pimples make that funky Swiss onion on rye just that much more horrible.
Cassells
did no comment, cuz you did not asked for this
Whataburger patty melt
Dope, anyone know the outro song?
right
goddamn food hipsters. It's just a sandwich.
r i g h t
A Whataburger patty melt is better than all of those lol
Watched half of this. Stopped. Went and got a patty melt and came back to finish the episode.
Homey looks like 1 burger away from a heart attack.
I heard Elvis loved patty melts at least that’s what this 50s themed diner said.
do u have to smoke weed to be on this show lmao
The unhealthy fatness,the patches of hair and how he devours the food is the only thing that kills the vibe of the show.
I just ate a patty melt before watching this and now I want another.
Waffle House
Dude really shouldn't be eating like this
I want Biff Naylor to narrate my life
Sooo.... now I want to eat a burger.
When are you going to visit Louis' Lunch in New Haven, Connecticut? We are talking Burger history.
This is not Tom segura
You just don't get Diner's in the UK.  I suppose the equivalent is the Cafe (or Greasy Spoon as they are affectionately called), where people doing labour intensive work can get a full English breakfast and then a sandwich for lunch.  I seem to remember a bit of a fad growing up in the 80's, of American Diner's popping up here and there.  But they were all called Dallas and similar, all swing doors and Stetsons, burgers and Coke.  I am so jealous right now!  I think I'd like a Patty Melt more than a Burger.  Crunch, soft, crunch...you just don't get that with a burger.  I am so making these at home...love the show, man.
Not shittin' ya.....had a friend who was a waitress here in Nashville in the 90s and Billy Ray Cyrus came in and asked her "so...the patty melt...does that come with cheese?"..................
I really don't like the host of the show, the way he speaks sounds so uninterested
Whataburger Patty Melt!!!!!! 🙋
Hi
So if Americans are fine with calling a burger patty on toast a patty melt, why do they then insist on calling a chicken burger a chicken sandwich?  To me it's the bun that determines the name, not the filling.
1:08 Huh?
anyone else wanna see a crossover with joeys world tour?
There is a restaurant I used to eat breakfast at almost weekly. Years ago I decided to try lunch there. They served me a patty melt with "American" processed cheese. I haven't been back since.
Not much of a quest really?
to the people saying that he isnt fit to be a host, he's the dude that makes the dope eggslut sandwiches so he's obviously a very good fit to be the host of a show about burgers
Just watching this guy slowly kill himself.
The patty melts at whataburger is the best tho
A well-made patty melt is one of my favorite things.  Don't tell my daughter she is in competition with a sandwich, but a patty melt never talks back to me.
Hey alvin.. maybe less with the patty melts..
Raw af
interesting to see how over 70% of the comments are about the hosts health. not that is a bad thing but maybe we should be grateful there are others who show us good and bad foods. We should learn from that and not react to those showing us.
Whataburger
That PUTS tho☝️
Patty Melts > Burgers
Watching him eat this is kind of sad needs to go on a diet
Okay, so you guys are now doing commercials... this ain't no quest... it's two restaurants that paid you... Done and Done!  Don't deny it!!!  And Don't Mislabel It!!!
That flapper!!! Lol.
I’m sexually attracted to food...
Whataburger Patty Melts >
Any Patty Melt show that doesn't include the Whataburger Patty Melt is a travesty
I don't eat meat since 2 years. I enjoy so much these videos, I get the same high without being the one who gets the poison
Right
Love me some original patty melt on rye with swiss.  Some places want to put thousand island dressing too.  Hate That!  Uck makes me want to barf!
This is just a better version of diners, drive in's, and dives
Only visited two places for a patty melt?
Have this urge to slap the patty melt out of alvins hand every time he goes for a bite for his sake
Pattymelt eh? Guess I'll go to whataburger then
I’ll cook the best patty melt
give alvin a break on this show, his weight is legit making the show less entertaining, because thats the only thing i can focus on. give this man more salads
I love burgers.... no kidding
ever had whataburger
The thickness of the bread is thicker.
That was lame he only went to two places and they have the same f**** thing
Anyone know the name of the song towards the end of the video?
Patty melt’s a burger. If you start calling a burger something else every time you change the bun the burger will cease to exist
15 dollars for a patty melt is pretty ridiculous tho
Here for the comments
I don’t know what a patty melt is...
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm burger
would never eat an underdone burger.
Down!
Where is Sean?
i hope my eggslut buddy goes on a diet soon. worried bout my homie
Looks Delicious
Never ate a hamburger ...
Must say I was really anticipating the 'Hmmmmmmmm" Moment...never happened. Kinda like watching porn with no money shot!!
Worth it
Every time I watch the burger show, I wonder how bad the hosts diabetes is
This dude should stop eating this stuff...
Try finding a greek place that does patty melts, and then sub the patty for gyro meat. Thank me later.
Can you please get a host thats more pleasant to look at?
YUMMMM   !!!!!
Going to San Francisco next week. What are some good burger joints?
How much times y’all going to say yea and right can someone count
No.
Sexy
Where’s episode 5 can anyone tell me cuz I need hot ones
bullshitted himself to first!
I don't like cheeseburgers, but both of these look so good. I didn't think I'd want to try them but now I want to go out and fine a good one.
get them vegan burgers yo!.... nvm I hate vegan burgers, haven't had one that tasted remotely good
do an episode about jucy lucy already
There needs to be a Whataburger episode. Can’t disrespect whataburger’s patty melt on Texas toast like that.
he needs to stop eating burgers ASAP!!!!!
shave
whaterbuger has patty melts
Right.
IT'S NOT EVEN COOKED W.T.F.
Twelve bucks, no fries.
lol all these "health experts" in the comments saying "ay you dont got much longer Al" as though every last one of them came close to death before losing 200 pounds lol
As a Swede I have to defend my danish brothers' and sisters' honor and say that that's not rye bread...
Whataburger does better patty melts
I saw this guy on Buzzfeed’s channel as to who had the better burger.
Whataburger patty melt.
1:25 America
I love all the anti vegan videos showing super skinny people, but look at these fatties. It's all about balance. This dude is going to die early.
Patty melt with a smash patty
I guess it's a burguer. if you say "it's a sandwich" that implies the bread defines what a burguer is, and it's the meat not the bread that makes it a burger.
This looks so good, I’m horny
Where my whataburger fans at?
Whataburger has the best patty melt.
I’m starving...plz help
God Damn that is one hell of a burger rig. I've never even heard of something like that. Very awesome. How does it do steaks?
PUTS
i knew a patty once
wow a fat guy likeing burgers, who would have known
Easy. Go to whataburger, get a patty melt on a regular bun add grilled jalapenos and bacon. You're welcome
No thousand island dressing?
I want to eat that 😋😋😋😋
I don’t want wings on my burger thank you very much
Whataburger that is all...
Cannabis Creativity strikes again ...
This philipino fat boy is a fun hoat and very good at speaking on food in a way that makes sense. But I hate listening to him huff and puff through a sentence because I literally cant forget hes eating himself to death... Homie do exercise get fit nobody has as much fun when you're killing yourself.
Is a burger a sandwich or is sandwich a burger?
The floppy cheese looks so stupid.
Does the fat host always wear the same clothes?
Why doesn’t my swiss crisp ? it melts :( any tricks ?
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
Changing my name to Patty Melt. “Is Mr. Melt in?”
Patty melts are great because they’re like burgers and grilled cheeses had a live child
Glutton... Damn
Not really into watching a morbidly obese guy eat
Your going to a diner but it ain’t in New Jersey so it ain’t a diner.
Spoiler.  There is no such thing as a good patty melt.
Where’s the coleslaw?  That’s a way better side with a patty melt or Reuben.
No new hot ones episode was released on Thursday? Whats up with that?
Don’t mean to alarm anybody but somebody’s replaced your rye bread with white bread
I can’t do pink meat if it is ground beef.
Whataburgers patty melt😋😋
A two restaurant visit is hardly a quest. But you guys know better.
So you have greasy fried meat topped with greasy onions and greasy cheese between to slices of toast brushed with greas and to top it all of, the guy dippes it onto greas... nah I ment mayonnaise?
Du-pars may or may not have a good patty melt, but its fries look like typical frozen junk.
Anybody tell me when Justin y gets here
Funny im about to go make me a bacon cheddar cheese burger/ ran out of american
I came to watch this because I had never heard of a patty melt!! And now I’m wondering where I can get one!!!
who eats, raw hamburgers?
Hey Alvin , you gotta do a show on Dic Ann burgers !! it’s an old burger place in Montreal and it’s suburbs
Rye sucks hella by itself id rather do potato or sour dough asiago
Disgusting. A burger should never have pink in the middle. A steak yes. Burher no.
This dude has about 5 years left to live at most. Isn't time to value your life above burgers?
Damn Sean put on some weight
Gotta come to the east coast for a proper patty melt.
please stop doing this to yourself
Do u agree with babish when he says "if u like blue cheese on a burger u like blue cheese not the burger"?
maybe a morbidly obese person shouldn't have a burger show ? are you trying to kill him ?
You can’t look for the ultimate patty melt and not go to whataburger in Texas. All of these Patty melts are garbage
Watching this while broke in college eating ramen at 1a.m and pretending your ramen is these burgers
it’s whataburger
Come to texas and go to Whataburger and get a patty melt. You can thank me later
Such an annoying narration voice.
I eat burgers everyday, I don’t understand why putting egg??? It’s disgusting and it doesn’t fit at all!
I do enjoy how Americans go into depth about the 'skill' involved in making burgers and frying potatoes...
Make me ganna go get a patty melt from Whataburger
Trying to be vice having an obese wanna be thug eat food
he need to lose some weight
This fatso again...
Those patty melts look good and its making hungry. I feel like go and buy a patty melt
I used to have burger sandwiches as a kid in the UK, really bland and tasteless. Then I made one as an adult like this one and bloody hell its so much better :)
Eggslut
He is so fat it is umcomfortable to watch. It's just outta control and does not make for good tv. nobody wanna see a dude bout to  die eating more food.
the dude looks like Walterrific
I like the show but please don't use F bombs my 7 old watch this video its lask of perfectionism
IT AINT A PATTY MELT IF IT AINT FROM WHATABURGER
What is funny is the fact that Americans always paint a picture like they are nice and accepting to the weird. But you guys are nasty, your judgemental, you hate it when someone does not conform to your idea of perfect, you are unforgiving. I wonder what your country would look like in 40 years with this wicked sense of humour. A fat man may die of obesity, you really think he is not aware, you think it doesn't bother him. Would you give him another job if he quits this one. You can never truly think for another person such a selfish bunch. What made America great was Christ without Christ your true colours are out. Judging, haters without any love in your tongue.
first






like
There is something really disturbing in watching a morbidly obese man taking a journey looking for the perfect patty melt. He is obese for a reason, and if things doesnt change he will get sick and die young from his eating disorder. Everyone around him understands this, i am sure most of us watching as well, but for some reason this massive and dangerous elephant in the room can keep on eating his way to the grave. Sad really. Alvin should get his shit together and drop like 50% of his body weight before making videos on junk food. Its inappropriate and sick to just watch a young talented man committing suicide by gorging without intervening.
Man that burger is not cooked
You need a new host. This dude reads voiceovers flat as hell, talks hella slow and never has anything interesting to say.
I wanna see an episode dedicated to Vegan / veggie burgers!
Obes Boii: I love burgers
My Mind: Also you love getting diabetes
If you close ur eyes, you're listening to John Goodman.
Some ppl just werent met to be show hosts and my man Alvin is one of those ppl.
I hate you... <3
i think it would probably be better for you if you "loved burgers" a little less pal
People please do not eat burgers with rare insides, it is a health hazard and can be potentially dangerous.
The first cheeseburger was in DENVER sorry guys
That man needs to lose weight
Whataburger has the best patty melt
wathcing this specific host is cringy. Dude is at a point where he could be shortening his lifespan and is out here glorifying extra cheese.
#HopsinOnHotOnes
The undercooked beef is really triggering. Cook your meat, it looks raw in the middle. Rare is so gross I swear.
Patty Melt? FWF needs to Fatty melt this host off the show.
grotesque.
What's your favorite off-menu fast-food item? Share the keys with your fellow burger lovers...
You think Seth Rogen gets tired of people's weed stories?
Wow the kid from Modern family really filled out
Who came just to watch Seth Roger laugh?
Dude do you smoke? That’s so sick ur so sick
Seth Rogan:
Everyone who talks to Seth Rogan: DUDE I SMOKE WEED
Good to see jonah hill and Seth hanging out
Hangs with Seth Rogen, only talks about weed and getting high
Not gonna lie... that Five Guys Double Grilled-Cheese Burger looked PHENOMENAL
wow hes so cool he smokes weed
this dude should find a new show.... this one will kill him soon
I think Seth would like him more if he wasn’t fan girling over him so much.
Grill-a-Burger. Period. One of the best in the nation.
8:49 is what you came for
I've never eaten at any of these places, but omg i'm drooling! But, i'm high af, so...
Double double, animal style, buns extra toasted, whole grilled onions, chopped chili. NOTE TO SELF!
Should’ve got a 4x4 animal style extra toasted bun 🔥🔥🔥
Double double, animal style, buns extra toasted, whole grilled onions, chopped chili. 

Hold the spit.
wow the cheese and bread smelled like "cheese bread"...
You are a bad Jew sethie my boy pork is forbidden
Why you tryna flex on Seth about smoking weed
"Oh hey did i mention i smoke weed?"
“I think that would be so nice” -Seth
Is it just me or is that asian guy speaking perfectly over the beat at 05:19 ?
I really wish Alvin would shave already. Usually I wouldn’t mind, but it’s somehow super offputting in a food show.
Why is Seth a younger David Lettermen

Listen closely to his voice
Dudes gonna have a heart attack very soon
Dude I love you but for the love of god eat a salad once in a while you are Litteraly on deaths door
Does this guy smoke, I can't tell.
Guy won’t stop talking. Jesus Christ
I need a Seth Rogan emergency fund.
Knowing you're going to be on camera, why wear such a wrinkled shirt?
Double double, animal style, chopped chillies, whole grilled onions.
That should be illegal it seems like a fantastic health hazard. A delicious dangerous health hazard...
Seth's laugh is everything
Thought the fat guy was pickin his nose in the thumbnail lmao
"Normally comes with lettuce & tomato...I said no" - woah, what a shocking suprise!
Shake shack is over hyped over priced and bland in taste
Triple X Burger in West Lafayette IN at Purdue has a peanut butter burger 🍔. Its not a good thing
tell me this means there's gonna be a Seth Rogen Hot Ones 🔥
“You’re a celebrity “
Seth-“I am”
In-n-out 4x4 is way awesome animal style
BURGER KING FOOT LETTUCE
Smash Burger has an off menu of 5 or 6 burgers aswell. only found out cause i worked there for a few months 😄
Asian don is gonna be dead in at least 5 years
Try Burger Tap n Shake, Most Amazing Burgers, No Place Can Compete, Best Burgers, Ever
WHAT-A-BURGER.. 'NUFF SAID.
That's not a real double double. A real double double is a coffee 2 cream 2 sugar. I wouldn't expect a grown man wearing a wrinkled shirt in an interview with Seth Rogan to know such things.
What is Seth Rogen going to sound like when he's 75?
Alvin look up big pun‼️ save yourself bro
And here I taught I invented the concept of peanut butter bacon burger. I think it's fucking amazing
The peanut butter one needs something sweet ofset the rest of it. I bet with some chilli jam or sweet chilli sauce and it would be amazing.
They had to compare secret menus to each other cuz they know if they compared the regular menus together In-N-Out wouldn't fare well to Shake Shack. 

In-N-Out is overrated asf
"Seth I smoke weed bro, blunts, bong rips, I'm a stoner too, please like me"
Burger Warfare is the king of burgers for me, The Buffalo Soldier is my favorite with Fried Plantains on it...uuhghghh I'm salivating just thinking about it!
When Seth took the first bite I just knew he was gonna yell out "GLUTEN!!!!! EACH BITE IS BETTER THAN THE PREVIOUS BITE!" 😅😂😅
How it feels when Seth Rogen calls you a normie
how dare he say innout gave him food poisoning. NEVARRRR.
Hahaha weed amirite?!?1!1?1!!!1
"This bite is better than the previous bite! GLUTEN!"
Man, those burgers look like s'mores in the big guy's hands
Watched the video and immediately went to In-n-Out  and got the animal style double cheeseburger with chopped chilis. Was Dank AF.
All I have in Pittsburgh is five guys and I swear by it man.
Whataburger > In N Out 
NO CAP
5 guys never get shine cuz Thanos prefers 2 and a half men
I love In-N-Out Burger, but I've never had them add chopped chilis to the Animal Style Double Double. Sounds incredible!
Dude, the flow on 5:20 is magnificent
The peanut butter bacon burger is actually kinda good though
In N Out can't compete until they add bacon to the menu.
How baked were you both when you filmed this?😳😂
Watching this for the 4th time
Whole grilled onions.  You literally just blew my mind.
Loving P.U.T.S at the end of the video!
Burger guy gets closer to a heart attack every episode
I'm thinking both of them were stoned filming this. Who knew?
lol at everyone in the comments complaining about them talking about weed. They have known each other for 7 years they said. Yall dont know there relationship but are so quick to judge face value.
im i the only one picturing mantis speaking? 😂
Shake Shack's peanut butter burger needs pickles and onion.
Seth Rogen is low key transforming into my uncle especially with the grey coming in!
By buddy and I took the Mc Gang Bang to another level. Instead of a McDouble and and McChicken, we got a Chik-Fil-a sandwich and put it in a Double Double. We called it, "In-a-Chik." 
That was the first and last time we did that 😂
Been getting the double-double animal style with chili’s for years now.. I used to get a 4x4 but have since slimmed it down haha.
I've been saying it for the longest. Thick burgers don't taste as good as thin burgers, the seasoning just isn't there.
Seth Rogen has never done anything funny this is another example
He talked more about weed than burgers
peanut butter on a burger is actually delicious, they just did it wrong.   Add BBQ sauce and a fried egg; that shit is delicious.
Imagine having a huge smoke sesh with Seth Rogan before all these burgers being served to you.
4:00 chopsticks assembled burger? or micro tongs?
Seth Rogan cool as hell; disagree with his Leftist politics, but he’s still chill.
Lol quit lying, Rogen ain't your friend.
That is exactly how I've always ordered my in and out
I stopped watching when seth started talking.
Two stoners eating burgers.  Suddenly this channel makes sense.
yo i love Alvin but dude you need to lose weight, especially if you wanna keep eating burgers all the time you gotta find a way to get your weight under control
Seth "I've gotten into screaming arguements with people over opinions" Rogen.
Seth Rogen so chill man
Glad to hear Seth gaf about his health.
U forgot whataburger  , whataburger and in n out are like both equally amazing
Well that made me want to get blazed and eat burgers.
Bud's Burgers in Vallejo, CA is the best 🍔 in the World!
Seth rogan owes me £50 I bought some weed of him but he sold me a cabbage
This guy looks like an older version of Ned from spider man
Seth rogen 💕💕 omgoshhh one of my dreams is to get high with him must be great😀
This was a good video idea because it's about food your average stoner can relate to.
Some people can't eat 10 burgers and not get fat, but not us...(mabe)
8:58 BigDawsTV got beef.
ok bro, we get it. you're a stoner. chill tf out.
chopped chilis in N out is the key
seth rogen's laugh is out of this universe...
Mike tyson from MVP's burgers ._. 
You straight..
W H A T A B U R G E R  
F U C K  T H E  W O R L D
I don't think either of you had enough THC in your system. Do it again from Canada
The shake shack one, I thought looked really good when I thought that the peanut butter was Queso. xD

Those all look really good though... I wish I had an in and out burger here to try that. Closes on is like an 18-hour drive away.
I lost it at "That can just stay as a secret" LMAO
Shake shack demolishes all others every day.
That peanut butter burger is the crap I live for
Alvin is totally like notice me sempai!!
I don't understand why rich/famous people get free stuff...they can clearly pay for it.
Wow, never knew that In-N-Out had chilies. Is that just certain states or do all of them have the chilies? It sounds really good.
All i can say is i love in-n out burger's secret menu items.
My cholesterol went up from watching this...
That cartoon was cute 🤑🍔
That five guys burger looks undercooked. .good way to get food poisoning
Ok sooo... the sandwich with cheese and bread smell like cheese bread?? Whoa!! Genius!!
I'ma imitate the 4 guys grill cheese hamburger  that was said with my spice touch to it xD (Flaming hot cheetos :P)
Steak n shake 7 for 7 is banging!
We get it, Seth is the guest but not every reference needs to be a bonghit, baked, or being high reference. Seemed try-hard but still love the show
Common guys thick is always better in anything
Love In-N-Out. Grew up on it and when people in other states say they don't like it, I tell them it was put there for me.
And love to have people try it with the chopped chilies on it because of exactly Seth's reaction.
Take a drink every time Seth Rogen  laughs 🍺🍻🍻



You won't make it
I just wanna iron Alvin's shirt..
Eh Heh heh heh heh
I know I’m a nobody but I would like to be on this show. WHERE DO I SIGN?!? I WANT SOME BURGERS
Them yeezys on his feet was screamin
Alvin ordering those burgers lookin like Bubble Bass himself
"I'll take a Double Triple Bossy Deluxe on a raft, four by four, animal-style, extra shingles with a shimmy and a squeeze, light axle grease, make it cry, burn it, and let it swim"
hahahaha
"I smoke weed and know Seth Rogen. Also, burgers, I guess."
Everything has to reference weed, come on fat boy you don't need to try an impress Rogen
4x4 Animal Style, with Animal Style Fries !! Can't forget the Lemonade with some extra slices of lemon. With some chilis on the side !
Why does Seth rogan look like Tom Hardy in Peaky blinders with children's clothing? 🤔
Half cooked meat , 🤦🏽‍♂️🤢🤮
I think you mean: Seth, voice of transit, Rogen.
Let Seth speak
They're banana PEPPERS I swear on my life Chilis sounds so weird
Five Guys, hands down.
Obese man: weed dude lmao
Seth: ...
Why isn't The Habit Burger on here yet?
Animal style, chopped chilies, whole grilled onion, extra toast, extra pickles, no tomato (unless it's in season) 🔥🔥🔥
Pineapple express is his real middle name lmao 👌🤔😂
Need some Whataburger🔥🔥
That story in the beginning was so cute 😍😍☺️☺️
Idk where you've had convos but where I'm at we have all 3 and it's always between 5 guys and in n out. Shake shack isn't really in the running. (Btw, 5 guys is better)
Seths head is so HUGE now!
Your a celebrity- I am
Seth Rogan! The pot prince!
And the Kanye Burger from Navajo Nation!!!
So fattening lol I'm jealous though.
habit burgers better than anytthang ya'll dudes tried and no hype.
guys WHATABURGER
Peanut butter and bacon on toast😍😍😍
I feel like seth rogans voice will slowly turn into john goodmans voice.
Honest unpopular opinion: This show has no idea what to do with itself. I feel like every time I go to watch this show it's incredibly surface level information that anybody who likes burger knows. It's also extremely region-specific and caters to NY and LA viewers more than the rest of the U.S. and world. Really letdown by this show because I was excited as hell when I saw the trailer for season 1.
Ladies and gentleman, the new voice of the TTC, Seth Rogen <3
Peanut butter tuna melt I swear will blow your mind how good it is
Damn... Seth looks GOOD!!!! i never thought he looked this good before lol
Damn so thats how i died thanks for the clear up 😂
Chopped chillis is the best thing you can do at In n out.
Damn, Seth is really getting old 😥😥
In-n-Out has a Flying Dutchman. They should have gotten that instead.
I had Shake Shack in Vegas to see what the hype was about.  In-N-Out all day MF!
Seth, love ya man!!!!
Lol dude saying Elvis died because of how he ate..
Alvin says the word 'stoned'
Seth Rogan: Heh heh heh heh hehhhhh!
So how is 2019 treating you so far 8:48
but have you tried a Culver's burger?
In n out > shake shack
I love how they basically portrayed Alvin in cartoon form as a bunch of large circles lmao
Im in canada! You think five guys would have that?
In-n-out is awesome.
I'm from and still too this day live in Missouri... I don't get how y'all got peanut butter and burger as our version of a burger!? 

who ever told you this was "our" burger was high, drunk, and on death row because that burger smells and tastes like shit!😨
L.A: IN N' OUT IS THE BEST !!
N.Y:FRICK YOU SHAKE SHACK IS DA BEST!!
chicago: i like portillos...
Seth "I've gotten into screaming arguments with people" Rogen
Its 12 in the morning and I'm staRVING OMG I NEED TO GET OFF THIS CHANNEL
The tip story was nice but couldn't he have gone to an ATM, or used online banking, or written a check.
I appreciate how the description clarifies that In-N-Out is the GOAT of burger joints.
WE ARE IN THE END  TIMES
The peanutbutter sauce is originaly from Indonesia. They use the sauce at diner. When The Netherlands colonised this country in the 17th century, they brought this recipe to Holland. In Indonesia they use real peanuts to make this saus. In Holland they use peanutbutter to make the sauce and eat it with fries, bbq, burgers etc.
I'll tell ya what, we've had InNout Burgers in Texas now for 5 or so years.....they don't taste ANYTHING like the ones in Cali
Bruh weed bruh smoke blunts bro xD bruuuhhh I took a fat rip of a bong bro
Peanut butter on a burger?  Hard pass  XD
Just look at his bearddddd😂😍😍😭
the chilis are the main reason i go to in n out lol
Seth Rogen is still a regular dude, that is so damn refreshing.
Peanut butter doesn’t belong on a burger!!!  Whoever thought of that is a psycho.😩
I live like 4 hours away from INnOut iin Texas. We roll with WhataBurger personally I think it's overrated definitely better than Five Guys but Wayback Burgers for me so far wins the crown.
I didn't know that Seth rogen is famous. I've never seen any of his whatever's.
I'm literally in my bed wanting a burger right now 😭
#DANNERLOO
He talked about being high like 3 times trying to relate to seth😂
i just went to in n out and got the chopped chili burger its so good
“I’ve gotten in screaming arguments”
Don't forget you can get Animal Stlye Fries with peppers
Dude weed lmao
Orange man bad
Seth is the man...
You guys need to try Whataburger! And Mickey D's McGangBang!!! Good shit!
Seth Rogen laugh like a dumpster truck sounds.
Seth Rogan man Everybody!!!
>normies
4chan confirmed
How good is Seth Rogan?! What a GC.
That grilled cheese monstrosity is what Bob Belcher whips up when high
yo dude do u smoke tho?
none of these are "secret" people have been reviewing these for years
Smh all these trash fast food burgers get the spotlight Bc they’re in big cities like LA and NY , whataburger would thrash these hoes but just Bc it’s in Texas it doesn’t get love
When I'm baked, my go-to food is a bacon, egg, and cheese croissant with mayo, mustard, and tomato and a fat glass of chocolate milk. ❤
Where's the McGangbang
Seth sounds like Kermit the frog 😂
Does Seth Rogen know his last name means fish semen (roe) in German?
People under the stairs outro music showing that LA underground love
"Secret menu items created by line cooks" (or food preps)... mine was stuffed crazy bread. They decided to make it a menu item, and then claimed ownership.
#bigandbeautiful lookin good my man
Hot Ones should be split out into a separate channel or something, getting sick of these videos that all devolve into boring conversations about In n Out or Shake Shack. Sean is on another level when it comes to interesting discussions, and his videos have a lot less comment threads with people bickering about chain X being "better" than chain Y
If Five Guys griddled their buns they'd be on top of this 3-burger-chain heap. Love Five Guys, but that'd be a silver bullet in my opinion.
I freaking love seth 💜💜💜😍
My guy. You gotta exercise a bit. Your seem cool don't leave us too soon.
shouldve avoided the Elvis thing.
This is gold.  This made me happy!
Too much talking over each other.
Ohh man i can definitely relate to adding 5 minutes to your wait time at in n out because of the whole grilled onion. Also next time anyone goes to in n out ask for extra toasted bun it makes it a lot better.
Nice to see jabba the hutt and Seth Rogan making peace
Seth Rogen sounds like Kermit The Frog on nitrous. 😂
Rip Colon. Also I like the elvis reference like the host wouldn’t spend half his day on the toilet haha
It would be nice if I knew what five guys carried that because Lakewood, CA didn't get the memo
Had the shake shack peanut butter burger with pickles and tastes really good
The 5 guys Patty melt is waaaaaay better off menu item.
Q: you know what would make this video even better? A: more pointless references about how much weed you smoke! We get it dude, you smoke a lot of weed, lets move on already...
WHATABURGER is hands down, 10X better than In and Out Burger. If you've never had WHATABURGER, you're missing out lol
i work at in n out and chop chillies are bomb
Seth has the best celebrity laugh prove me wrong.
I would like to see a taste test of In-N-Out vs. Culver's butter burgers!
Whataburger never gets shine!
In TX the biggest burger rivalry is Whataburger and in n out
The last burger is a perfect hangover burger if you add bacon
8:47 that laugh cant be real
Seth needs to get on Burt Kreischer's new cooking show.
holy shit 3 minutes of this guy blowing seth
Eggslut lmao. Rinds me of gmm
I wish we had In-N-Out in Florida. On the upside, I’m not tempted to eat burgers every day.
South side Cali Huntington Beach in n out is the beat
Bro, let the guy pay. It's not like you're doing him a real favor. Give that free food to the homeless.
"a dish a pregnant woman would eat".
THERE'S THE MC GANG BANG
Like come down to sac and lemme buy a weed burger or something crazy. You bring the food and I'll bring the dabs lol
Seth’s beard game is on point
Rogen wouldn't know a good burger even after a quaterpound.
They are super biased to In N Out, but Five Guys is 10x better than shake shack and in n out.
y'all have season's for tomato's? that is mind blowing. in Malawi (south east Africa) its a crop that grows all year round.
5 guys cajun fries need their moment!
Sadly I'm east coast so in my life I have never seen an in and out joint
Zombie Burger + Shake Lab in Des Moines, IA had all of these and even more crazy burgers on their menu. Try it out
Secret burgers that ain't secret anymore.
I just had in n out that way, I will never order it any other way. Thank You!
Hurhurhrahahrrahahahahrururhahhaahh! Duddeee weeeeeeeedddddd!
in route to in and out now
Why does seth look like my grandpa?!
Shake Shack is by far the best burger ive ever had, and ive had them all. It's better than IN-N-OUT burger. But the best thing about Shake Shack is their CHEESE SAUCE...sometimes ill just get like 3 extra cheese sauce cups and use it with chips at home, unbelievable.
We get it, dude. You smoke. Chill...
great show. youtube thumbnail looks like you are picking your nose though. past that you two are great talking together.
TBH In and out is superior.
Asshole restaurant for not serving everyone at the table. Never go back.
Alvin talking about getting high for twelve minutes, cool.
I tried a double double and animal style fries for the first time yesterday (first time on the West Coast) and it was life changing. The toasted buns are so simple but so genius and really elevate In-n-Out's burgers to a whole other level of fast food.
Fat guy needs to slow down on the burgers lol
im from the country in ny and 5 guys gets mentioned 10x more then the other 2 combined....
Bro why is there is so much swearing in this video
I thought he was Enrique "Fluffy"  Iglesias in the thumbnail
Alvin finds smoking weed just "a little too cool".
Seth's laugh tho... awesome :D
I ordered five guys after watching this btw. 😒
Best show on youtube 🙏🏻
Normies will go to McDonald's instead of In-N-Out.
I kinda want to try the Five Guys burger but, I also want my arteries to keep working...
Huge Mac D still don't season a burger or toast the bap, why do they get all the traffic,  there burgers look and taste like they were boiled in water...Even Burger king got nice flame patty...
We get it bro, you smoke, and eat. We can tell
NEXT time I go to in and out I'm adding chili HUM
I saw Seth Rogaine and immediately clicked the video.
DUDE YOU BETTER KEEP THIS BURGER TRAIN ROLLING! CAUSE YOUR BURGER HOST IS A STRAIGHT UP BURGER BOSS! THAT GUYS THE MAN.  LOVE FROM I TOWN OHIO!
Rogan sounds like a geriatric old man
1:20 what ?
Five Guys is so good :D
#TeamEggslut
i wish IN-OUT came to NYC, because i keep seeing shit about how good it is, like I'm deadass about to fly out to cali just to try it.
Food is the reason why Elvis died...... Yea OOOK!
It not tomatoe season???wtf
GOSH they must have the mad munchies !!!!
I worked at a 5 Guys. We had off menu chili made with all the burger ingredients
0:54
1:09
6:44
8:14
Normies REEEE 
LUL OwO
Could I get a cheeseburger with just cheese on it
If Sean doesn’t show up it’s not worth watching
I’ve ordered the five guys double bacon grilled cheese burger and the employees didnt even know about it. It was great. And two meals with small fries and drink cost $25 each lol.
In&Out best period
The Burger Show hits that special place in my heart, this is a show i can get behind
What about the McGangBang?
first yall needa diet system.
It's no rivalries when it com to in-N-out burgers period!!! It's a west coast the best coast thing
Dope show, but get somebody to host it that doesn’t make me cringe every 5 seconds
Lemme eat ur food bro
The story at the beginning alone, makes this worth the watch.
what was the track at the end?
shout out to Habit.  I think they kill all of these burgers.
i love a good peanut butter jam burger tho
You don’t diss the king that way🖕🏼 First episode watched and will be the last.
Look good though, but don't forget to floss xD im using a waterflosser, recommended by this review site www.waterpikreview.com pretty chill
He’s had too many burgers 😂
You should have had the pickles with the peanut butter burger...apparently it makes a huge difference.
shave that gross beard Alvin
My favorite off menu burger is to go to Tommys Hamburger and buy a cup of their Chile, then drive to In and Out Burger, order a double/Double with no lettuce, pickle, onion or sauce...Just tomato and cheese. go and load the burger with the Tommys Chile. WOW!
get the shake shack burger with pickles, so that it can cut through all that peanut butter
A Jew loving bacon? LOL!
Honestly, them talking over eachother gets old real fast.
08:46 you're welcome.
In n out is 110% over rated
Shave that facial hair homie lmao
I like seth rogan. one of these days hes gonna become a republican. everyone prepare.
BS. That's not the secret in n out burger. That's his customized version and the part he added is what Seth liked most. He didn't customize any of the others.
PUTS on the outro, is this becoming a thing? I like it!
love that seth rogen emergency fund story
you can tell Rogen was like "dude we met once"
I mean this in the positive way, but I hope the host takes care of nutrition and exercise otherwise he will not live a long healthy life
I "EEK'd" out loud when he said chopped chilies on an Animal Style Double Double. I've been doing that for years now.
I'll resubscribe when our boy Alvin isn't 2 years from his own "Elvis death"
You gotta do one with whataburger and in n out
its to far away damn it!
THis guy gets high everytime before he eats......
Burgers ARE sandwiches.... right?
https://www.twitch.tv/korakryptonite
I love peanut butter on a cheeseburger, and especially with bacon, like, those are the best combinations
8:48 best Seth Rogen laugh ever heard
Seth is wrong about thin and thick patties though. Thick patties will always be juicier and more flavorful in general.
Dude should try some lettuce.
I've gotten food poisoning from in-n-out too
My dude shout out to the Missouri goober burger
what you mean im not popular i have you know im very popular among my mon's friends!
In and out double double animal style add chillies, add raw onions, cold cheese (just because it melts enough anyway once it hits the burger) and extra everything ask for it just like that and see what comes it's amazing!
WhatAburger! Where is the Texas representation.
the way this dude talks about weed makes me cringe
Seth Rogan only smokes in the movies! Like Cheech and Chong!
Anyone know where to find that red sweatshirt
They should’ve tried the steak and shake 7x7
My friends and I used to eat at a sports bar 3-5 times a week. Most of the time we were served by our friend from high school. Over the course of a year or so, she saved our tips separate from the others and announced to us that we paid her tuition to university for a year.
SLC in n out doesn’t offer chilies. 👎👎
Because I live in the East, we don’t have a In & Out burger joint, but we do have a Five Guys right across from where I work....... Double bacon cheeseburger with lettuce, ketchup, mayo, pickles, and mayo.... Hell I took a girl there for our first date because it’s good asf lol
I've never had In and Out, I live in Canada.
I like how Seth Rogen new exactly what Sizzlers cheese bread smelled like. Or he didn't, because he started laughing before Eggslut dude even said the words.
Straight up. This video clarified why I dont really like the host very much. I couldnt put my finger on it, until Seth Rogen, clearly stoned, came on being clever and funny. 

The host is a stoner but without the wit or charm other hosts have. As knowledgable as he is on burgers he's a flat host that isn't clever or charming. 
Whole Grill and chopped chilies are a must. Even if I happen to get protein style.
One word. WHATABURGER
Whataburger or nothing
wow don't see much Shake Shack vs In-N-Out debate going on in the comment section  (:o
Fucking Normies REEEEEEEE
the kfc famous bowls( i call the stoner bowls) too i think had to be inspired by a high af employee too
If you're going to wear a T-shirt, iron it.
In n out....the rest I can do without!✌️
Yo you gotta put pickles on the pb burger!! It makes the pb less overpowering and it's actually a nice balance
sizzlers cheese bread makes me moist
Damn. Seth Rogen starting to age.
God Seth Rogan is a gift from stoner jesus himself.
I wonder if Whataburger has a secret menu
iron your shirt bra
When ur not Franky P
I love Five Guys but I don’t have the guts to order that lol
wow that was a heaving wounder
i smell a Justin Y. lurking...
I can't believe there's no footage of the two of you smoking a blunt between burgers....
Elevation burger is dope
Practically made everyone of those lol
God I wish that In-N-Out would sell their buns in grocery store. I can't really think of anywhere with a better bun.
Yeees!!! I always get chopped chillies on my In n out burger👏👏👏
bingingwithbabish cooking for seth rogan >
Seth Rogen= Weed...yawn...love the show...though...
you need to iron your shirt
Trust that man!!! He didn't get that big without knowing what he talking about!!!
Try Wally's in Breeze Illinois
Don't do cheese on breakfast sandwiches...
I love getting high and taking a bite of a sub from subway idk why but it's just way better when im stoned
Why the constant  F bomb?????😠
Animal Style or nothing
You should have done a real secret  menu from innout and ordered a flying Dutchman that's a real treat not a burger with add ons
I love this show but what is up with the hosts facial hair? Looks straight nappy.
I get a double double animal style protein style wit peppers and a lemon up from in n out , it’s the shit
I’ve worked at Five Guys and I can honestly say that all we do as line cooks is figure out what we can pair together. We made a pickle milkshake and it was delicious.
have you had the meat mountain from Arby's?
Cut that beard all the way fool
I got food poisoning from pizza hut...never will touch it again
How can they be so wrong. Five Guys wins hands down.
Seth on the thumbnail...automatic click and like!
8:30 “I can just nuke myself.” 😂😂😂😂
well clearly seth likes in and out better. I would have to agree
They are speaking so much plz show burgers to us
Now how do the fries compare with each other? Let's face it it's a package deal!
Is In-N-Out animal style even really a secret, off menu? Its like animal style fries, its not technically on the menu but everyone knows and orders it regardless.
I would love to hang out with Seth Rogen hes cool af 😂
One word



WHATABURGER
Would love to see them eat the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse burger at The Burger's Priest
There are so many haters commenting.
Let me tell you, if your ordering the shake shack peanut butter bacon burger without pickles, your doing it wrong.
If you hadn’t gotten a Seth laugh in there at the end I would have lost my shit. Thanks for being cool dudes.
Seth did not want to be here.
Best thing to do at In N Out is drive by it.
Fab Show Guys....would you like to collaborate?
All you deeebs keep saying all he talked about was weed?? Are you guys deaf or something
Five guys best off the menu item. Cheese fries.
Create a basket by taking 2 peanut trays, tap them together into one large tray. Take a large piece of aluminum foil and wrap it around the tray.
Put in some fresh fries. Add 3 slices kraft deli American cheese, bacon, grilled jalapeños. Then sit the tray under the heat lamp for 2 min
i work at five guys. the five guys burger they presented I would not consider a secret menu item. It's more of just being creative and knowing you can add a patty or 2 or 3, or more to anything.  However I've had it and its delicious
They should've made a sateh sauce instead of pure peanutbutter on it. Sateh sauce has much more taste
Honestly, who the frick would want peanutbutter in their burger? lol That is basically opposite of what I would crave for if I ordered a burger
People under the stairs foodie track
He might be the fattest guy in California.
32.000 smokin weed,  1000 doesn't
Honestly the burger they ate was barely animal style anymore. Every burger has whole grilled onions, ya gotta have them carmelized
buddys beard is diiiiiiiiiiiirty!!
How is Seth Rogen famous?
Gotta say about food poisoning... I hafta backtrack sometimes and think to myself... " did i wash my damn hands lately?""""""""??????????
5:22 how he is flowing to the beat
Five guys has the best burgers out of the three. Period. Fight me
buddy needs to iron his shirt lol
Seth must be high af
🥚EggSlut🥚 Love it!!!
Put this mofucka in a movie bro!!!!
must be worth it not even getting 50 years old just because of trash food lol
I had the double grilled-cheese burger! It was sooooo good! :) I've had it a few times actually. The Five Guys near my house will make it if you ask. At first they didn't know what I was talking about lol but I had a photo on hand just in case and they were glad that I had a photo. lol :) They made it perfectly. :)
I would charge him 300 dollars for a burger.
You are 36 with grey hair you obviously ain't smoking enough weef
roasted green chile all day
why are stoners so proud of themselves? i have no problem with weed... but just curious as to why they wear it like a badge of honor?
Not going to lie: Stuffed burgers are dangerous and shouldn't be trusted most of the time. I've had so many of them just straight up squirt out at molten hot levels on my arm and face and give me burns for a while.
I make the best 5guys grill cheese Burger🍔 ever. The one one the show 😤😤🤮🤮
Shoutout P.U.T.S.
I love Seth Rogen 😂
I would love to chill with Seth rogen seems like a down to earth chill dude
What’s that beard doing dude😣 looks like you shaved half of it
In N Out are the goats 🐐
Y’all forgot about Whataburger reppin Texas/the South
DUDE WEED LMAO
The Wendy's Grand Slam, good lord I love burgers!
Love this show
Is double grilled cheeseburger available in Canada?
5guys off menu.. kosher dog cut n half on grilled cheese grilled onions an jalapeno homemade chilli (shh) lettuce tomato BBQ sauce side of Cajun cheese fries
much faster than the method on the video!
all ya did was agree with him the whole time
Brams needs to come into this battle
Every time I get a double double animal style I'm deathly afraid I'm going to accidentally order it "doggy style"
6:40 dude just wants to mention weed but can’t figure out what to say
Shake Shack is good but it's SOOO overpriced
lets just talk about getting high and being high and taking bong rips because its a burger show
Seth Rogan is funny and an awesome actor, but he is kind of a jerk. I am sure he is a good friend and a nice guy bit he seems like fame kinda went to his head. Still I love this video
notfication squadfam
Can’t compare to in n out!!
great to know that the mortal and unfamous people arent good enough for their best burgers. Its not like they keep their business alive or anything...
If I we're as famous as Seth Rogan is, I would NEVER accept free food anywhere I go that I didn't have to pay. I would always pay regardless. But I also wouldn't turn down free food that's being offered to me.
Shakeshack stocks are down
HEUH HEUH HEUh
great chemistry
yeah let's not charge rich people who can more than afford it!
In n out an MA in ‘Secret Menu’. Mmm yeah
The only video watch of Seth Rogen as him eating s***
Its like all they do is smoke weed
Theeeeeere's the laugh 8:48
P E P P E R S, not chillies
I got food poisoning from In N Out too. It was horrible!
hurrr durrr I smoke weed huuurrrrr
I love this <3
Seth is clearly dipping look at his lip
One day Seth is going to hear some douche’s boring af weed story for the last time, snap and kill everyone within a 10 ft radius, and when he does I want to be standing 11 feet from him.
Peanut butter in a burger? Uuuugh
Iron your shirt bro
I love the Burger Show....BUT somebody has to say it: your beard is really disgusting man!! If i see you eat, i lose my appetite.
In N Out will always win...DUH.
damn seth looks great with that body
So you have no issue with accepting money from common working class people, likely with overpriced food, but when a very wealthy celebrity orders the same food, you comp it for free? Hmmmm
this host is nearing a heart attack.
East coast fam on it xD
Tupac was born and raised in New York
Who else is going to blaze up and get In N Out later today?
2 people that haven't been to Texas.
You can get 2 double doubles fries and a drink. For the price of one five guys burger .
Five guys is a hell of a lot better than In n Out
This host be dying at 40 he needs to lose that weight
In West Lafayette, IN, the Triple XXX burger place has a peanut butter burger called the Duane Purvis that will change your mind about peanut butter on a burger.
Whataburger is realer than in n out & shake shack
8:48
Good bless stoners
8:49
My husband always orders it with the chopped chilis. It really does provide a nice kick!
My burgers always taste whack, no matter how much I try to imitate these videos. I get good meat, only season with salt and pepper, sear them etc.
This was dope
Seth rogan is a canadian and a American btw im canadian those 2 mixed cant get anymore awesome
8:49 that laugh tho
That laugh.
8:49 that laugh tho
11:30😂
P.U.T.S. ftw
Guy hasn't been funny since 2007
No whataburger?
“Yes dudes Seth Pineapple Express rogen” really man Seth has been in some pretty good movies to just call out that one like it’s the only things he’s known for.
i actually love the peanut butter burger.  it takes a sophisticated palate to enjoy such a unique combination.  it's pretty fucking epic, especially if your'e a peanut butter lover
sizzler still exist???? lmfao
Ha' ha' ha' ha' 😂😂😂😂
I think this guy smokes weed
In n out all the way!
This is the end funnest movie ever
Where is the Tommy’s appreciation
in n out all day bby
This was an In-N-Out ad
are we able to order this
i love seth rogan
What’s the outro music?!?
coulda threw his shirt in the dryer
Please get this brother on a workout plan
thin patties are for actual morons
I love Seth💗💗💗💗💗 he's so cute and his laugh is so damn sexyyyy omgfixgjf
I live in Australia and the only burger chains we really have here are McDonalds and Hungry Jacks (Burger King) so when I went to UK I tried Five Guys and it was the best fucking meal I have ever had.
Articulated burger... lol
Arree these guys married?
U guys wasted Seth’s time with this. Sean and Seth doing HotOnes would have been LiiiiTT
Treatment motion retail look planet contain open pleased bus collapse fashion.
Is there a secret eggslut menu
I don't order off-menu stuff. I feel like it's extra work for the cook/crew and then I feel obligated to tip more than I normally would have for making them work. it's some weird guilt inside me. the stuff looks tasty but I can't bring myself to do it. I used to feel bad about asking places to remove lettuce and tomato and onion from my food when I was a kid so I'd just remove it myself.
Big liKe heRe !
can you please come to Phoenix Arizona and try a stand burger? We're the gourmet version of in and out and we have bacon and qrilled jalapenos plus made fresh every morning grilled onions! we're at the top of the hit list for Arizona restaurants and have been on the news 7 times! next time you're close by I recommend giving it a try!!!
amazing thumbnail
This is the last video i should be watching while being stoned
Damn I’m vegetarian
Amazing movie! Right here at Y&S FOOD! we all love to notice such type of contents. We make Travel & Food films too, around the globe, so we are frequently looking for inspirations and perhaps concepts. Thank You.
Big boy eats the doggy treats too😂
Gotta agree. Fan girling.
soo how much u made with that
The problem with including IAO is that they're west coast only, so you're making your vids less relevant for the vast majority of viewers.
Whats funny is that Seth Rogen wants to stray away from the fact that he's a stoner. Watching this made me cringe big time. AND How do you get In-N-Out without tomato and lettuce?
In n out all the way. Take it home and throw an egg on there
Damn, that dude with the red sweater looks like Sunless Khan
Torturing myself by watching this with no food in the fridge
Does the host even own an iron or a decent razor? Dude is lackluster to the max
Where is the bearded guy popular, in his neighborhood?
As a native NYer I would have defended 5 Guys to death but they bring up strong points, redundant flavors cannot top complexity. In n Out are around for a reason and their burgers are no joke. We may have quantity but that In n Out secret menu is incomparable quality.
Seth Rogen laugh, 9:40
The In-N-Out burger looked the best.
hey alvin ever heard of an iron?
Alvin!! I love you Dude!! You and The Burger Show inspired me!! I’m making mediocre videos, but nonetheless, seeing your videos reminded me about what’s important in life...A Great F***ing Burger, and so...I’m on a search For The Best Burger near me!! Thanks!!
dude needs a salad
This isn't anything new, these vids have been done before.
First and gay
But in reality the McChiken thebest
i wonder if the asian guy smokes weee
Seth is so chill maaan.. Wish i could hang out and eat burgers with him.
fat dude is cringe
PUTS was the correct choice.
In n out wins against eveything
in&out 4 LIFE!
Where I'm from a Double Double is a coffee.
God this guy is so cringe, every other word is "lul I get high, ye smoke some weed", etc... okay, we get it man, it doesn't make you cool. Just seems like your trying too hard....
I been to all these spots but 5 guys wins.
Is there burger Illuminati ,🤔
Not gonna lie, they just opened up Shake Shacks in Charlotte. Their burgers were a pretty big disappointment. Not saying we have anything available better. Mr. K's in Charlotte I would consider better. But still, over hyped as hell.
beeeeg
is Rogen always high ?
You need jelly on that peanut butter burger
I used to work at five guys while I was in high school. Unless you want to really piss off the staff, do not order the grilled cheese burger. I remember one night a group of three came in like 2 minutes before we closed. They each ordered a grilled cheese burger after spending like 10 minutes deciding what they want, and they even ordered all the toppings on the side. Don't be like those people.
Chopped PEPPERS!!???
This guy read an article on how to get high lol he has no clue what he’s talking about. “I’m interviewing Seth Rogen so everything has to do with me smoking weed” lol trash
This host is really bad.
Human meat tends smell , 😋
5:14 guarantee that burger raw in the middle didn’t even roll it on sides to cook? Just serve a raw edge that’s gnarly
We get it. You smoke weed bro. Cool guy.
Go to Texas, go to a whatAburger , order a burger ...give your honest review.  SAtown rep we got in and out n all sorts burger places but Whataburger a hard to beat
So biased, Cali people on ny food. Bye
Stiffie uh
Thin patties are the thing. Also buger must be medium well to well done. I'm all for medium rare on steak. But when meat is minced, especially usually the more low quality stuff they use for burgers it just doesn't have pleasant mouthfeel and for me it tastes better on burger.
Fun fact: I used to work at a restaurant chain called "Mc Alister's" they have a huge secret menu but one of my favorite things on it is "The Big Nasty." thin sliced beef covered in Cheese and Brown gravy on a 12 inch loaf of bread. Trust me, it was worth the stomach pains.
5guys is better but its more expensive.
He needs to taste test some lettuce and cucumber...
he looks like manny from modern family im terrified
What about the 4 by 4 from in n out
Seth rogan?  Bwahahahaha
In N out is so bland to me after eating a meal including a milkshake I literally felt like I ate air or something like the holographic meatloaf that plankton eats.
These people just really hate seth eh.
Being a stoner doesn't account for a personality. Who cares if you smoke weed. I just keep it to my damn self.
Damn some hate in the comments
shave that weird comb over beard
Is it me or does he look like he’s gettin old
Seth looks old holy crap
Wrong. Five guys wins over in and barf.
Whataburger's better
i'm australian, why am i even watching this? we don't have any of these restaurants in straya
This is great cause you know he's stoned af haha
the peanut sauce should be like a satay sauce, with ginger, soy sauce, fish sauce, sesame oil, etc. a satay burger could actually be pretty good
This show sucks, especially this episode with this doofus.
Seth laughs
Talks about Elvis Presley dying from eating bad... And weighs like 400lbs can't take this serious.
Seth got old...
In n out ftw
The fat Guy really likes to point out the fact that he gets high
The amount of hate they both had for the peanut butter burger had me cackling
Whataburger out does them all
Yeet
Damn, just now realized First We Feast was more than just hot ones. This is nice.
Big shout out to burgers.
Five guys has jalapeños y'all
Isn't that the asian dude who is gonna eat himself to death on a YouTube show??
At 5:25 the dude is in perfect sync with the beat
The habit is better then in and out.
damn seths looking old
looks like he doesnt need more burgers
not talkin shit, just giving feedback. this guy is not entertaining. this is first episode ive watched and will be the last.
Seth has a nice beard
Another reason why 5 guys is the best
Homey is the size of 4 Elvis's and yet he makes that comment about healthy living... Ok.
he could have atleast ironed his t shirt...
I think this guy could maybe do without eating burgers......
Some of the best food comes from stoners.
Seth Rogen totally seems like he's probably ate ALL of these while high at night.  Also, i'm all for giving someone a break but Seth Rogen is the type who could actually afford to pay for his sandwich, next time, accept the money and use it to pay for a few sandwiches for the needy.
McGriddle fried chicken sandwich
Can't stand Rogan
Am I the only one that thinks In-N-Out is just alright? I would much rather prefer 5 guys or whataburger over In-N-Out. I can't be the only one.
Thick patty’s are the best
No whataburger no care!!
whoaa seth rogan got old.
They totally got stoned before they ate 5 guys!!
And that's why he died😅
Shake Shack is the best
Whataburger still beats all of the other burger places
I love Hamburgers
baked asf and hunfry
Five guys all the way (only because in the UK that’s all we get)
Mmm, I just finished watching Action Bronsons Ancient Aliens show and it seems better than this. I live in Australia so I may never get to taste anything there eating or talking about. The host isn't funny either or that interesting. Seems kinda bland. I reckon to be a bit or full successful you gotta be a bit crazy or have a wacky side thats appealing so your entertaining. That or u can sing, rap or play sports, I dunno some kind of talent. The host on this seems like a great guy but dunno bit too level headed for me.
I use to work at 5 guys. Every morning about 30 minutes before we opened everyone got a free meal and one day someone made that exact same burger :D
yall fuckin weak
This fat geezer will do an Elvis very soon.
Eggs on burgers do underrated
Elvis ate like this and died....says the guy whose coronaries are probably 50% patent because of eating just like Elvis.
Seth is getting old lol
Talk about patchy beard
what kind of hat is seth wearing?
WhatABurger > In-N-Out just saying
Why can't you have a normal conversation without every other word being a curse word?
It's annoying to listen to and demonstrates a lack of intelligence.
whata burger took an L
it's funny how bad seth has aged since his racist tweets
haahahahahaha weed and getting stoned and bongs
Whataburger GOAT
8:48
There is no such thing as a good fast food burger with their neer paper thin patties.
Yall need to try the Laguna Burger from NM!!!
Hurrrr durrr Le burger
now that he's thin he should change his name to meth rogen.
lmfao this is why elvis died
Try whataburger in Texas
I work at five guys and this is the best burger to get (also ends up being cheaper) 
Grilled cheese, add a patty, grilled jalapeños, grilled onions, grilled green peppers and tomato. It’s 4.60 instead of like 5.90 or something like that. It’s pretty dank I have one every day
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE FUCKING NORMIES
5:20
You gotta try culvers
who smoked weed to this video?
but what about us east coast guys with smash burger
Peanut butter on a hamburger is amazing, sheese, don't turn people off of trying that amazing burger.
that's instant cardiac arrest....
I would love to try an In and out burger!!!! wish they were in SA as well :(
ill like n e thing with seth in it so long as he laughs))
any good peanut butter bacon burger needs pickles, the vinegar from the pickles cuts through the thick PB so well and not too much PB just a little bit on the burger and then make sure its hot cheap PB not anything healthy.
Obviously in-n-out wins.  It stands head and shoulders above the competition.  The only reason shake shack is in the same conversation is because it's the only option that the east coast has to battle with.  Shake shack is definitely awesome, but it doesn't scratch the same itch for me.  Their fries are way better though, so props.
And then there's the flying dutchman...
Now I’m gonna make a sweet ass burger
I literally will not cook hamburgers without potato buns.  Sounds like I need to try shake shack.
There are other burgers besides In N Out and Shake Shack. Please put these to bed.
lol.
They should eat Grill Em All
love seth rogen but that other guy is a clown and this video stinks
Thin patty always over anything else.
Alvin, can you do an episode on the best non-beef burgers for those of us that can’t eat red meat?
whataburger is slept on
In n out is life.
3:42 unless you want to watch them slob each others knobs for 3 minutes
Elvis died because of opioids. Not peanut butter and burgers.
funny how sean eats chicken wings, this guy eats burgers, and their physique really shows it. eat healthy kiddos
You are a bad host
Hilarious.
The host looks like an actual piggy
Dude you gotta get a real goober burger from Missouri man 🔥
Seth Rogan = instaclick
Not gonna lie, I put peanut butter on my burgers at home.
So dope lol
This guy is huge
So in the case of in&out when they started out in LA they had alot of the items on the "secret menu" but really it was just the full roster of stuff so when they decided to expand they shortened the menu and the things they took off the menu were put into this secret menu. Now as for things like "Animal style" in in&out they never had that on the menu but its something that the people working there just kinda came up with and just spread around different places, and grew as the franchise grew.
Wataburger better than in and out
Uh... this reminds me of uh... getting high.
I’ve never had a off menu burger, saying that the UK doesn’t have great burger places or atleast where I live
what makes people in hot climates wear toques?
I don’t know why I just can’t like the host.  Wish I could but I just can’t get down with his vibe.
Dear friends watching this video, it is so important to know that our Savior Jesus Christ is always with you. These were actually the last words He spoke before ascending into heaven. Jesus continue the proclaim this promise to all who will listen. People respond to His continual Presence in various ways. Most Christians accept this teaching as truth but ignore it in their daily living. Some ill-taught or wounded believers fear (and may even resent) Jesus awareness of all they do, say, and think. A few people center their lives around this glorious promise and find themselves blessed beyond expectations.   

When the Presence of Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior is the focal point of your consciousness, all the pieces of your life fall into place. As you gaze at Him through the eyes of your heart, you can see the world around you from HIS perspective. The fact that Jesus is with you makes every moment of your life meaningful. Dear ones make the following 4 words "I trust you Jesus!" a mantra in every situation and aspect of your life. Trust the only Way, Truth, and Life....Trust Jesus by giving your life completely to Him. ❤️❤️❤️  (Matthew 28 : 20; Psalm 139 : 1-4)
WHATABURGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Man the host is annoying idk he just doesn’t seem genuine
They set five guys up to lose:( no toppings but cheese and meat and then he even went and added extra stuff to the in and out burger to make it that much bettter this is fake news
Cool series but why are there airhorns in the intro music?
First.

To come out as gay in this comment section.
8:49 Don't mind me I just wanted to have the time stamp so I could repeat that laugh a few hundred times.
Does this guy smoke weed do you think?
This niggah got a bigger burger every single time
Alvin, you look terrible.
I cannot understand why you would select a heavily overweight and not very well-groomed (dude, at least iron your shirt if it looks like that, and do something about that beard) person to do a show about eating burgers. It's giving a bad impresion and it's definitely not very appetizing...
Whataburger is the goat.
I love burgers, but all those burgers are just too much.
In N Out is CrAcK!!! Had it for the first time when visiting Vegas. It's slammin. I like shake shack too, they're very different style burgers though.
seth lost weight lol he looks good
The burger host is horrendous
Thank god for Hot Ones or I’d unsub right now.  What a lame, uninspired show.
For the first time in his career Seth Rogen was cringe.
Buddies wrinkled shirt is pissing me off
I'm literally watching this at 2 in the morning stoned as f***. Good times!
Seth Rogen is the least famous, famous person in the world. He basicly is the guy who if you are more popular then him then you are famous and if you arent then you arent famous. He is the line between the two and has been for a very long time.
This is why I want to live in the usa
Haha, funny Jewish weed man
We get it, you smoke weed. Mention it a few hundred more times, why not?
Thats crazy man but have you ever tried dmt
This is my first ever comment on YouTube!
You guys should feel honoured.
Niiiice
This show should be called, first we diet and exercise.
Five guys burger looks old
Wow weeeeed mannnn it's sooo cool man👎
Fuck Rogen.
Fun fact: There are over 250,000 ways to order a burger at Five Guys. Since this video came out, we've gotten a ton of people ordering this but I gotta be honest, it'd be better and cheaper to just get a patty melt. It's basically the same but without all the extra bread and cheese. Also, put a little mayo/bbq mixture with pickles on it. DA BOMB!!! And gotta get that cajun fry too!
We get it, you get high.
I love Seth. Honestly, he really does seem like good people.
Shake shack is wayyyy better than in and out
How does YouTube allow so much swearing
8:48
these comments are cancer,i enjoyed he show
Can we get Sean in this instead of this guy?
Nothing original with this show kinds corny and lame. Thought they would of gotten a new host and better ideas smh, every show on the net does this "secret" menu. How is it a secret if everybody knows it...nonsense. Bobs burgers hits the spot and breaks new ground everytime with their burger of the day. Just stop making these crappy shows and lwave it to bobs to show you the way.
Steak n Shake?
100
5:20 he raps to the beat
So biased. He gets the best burger he can think of making from In n Out (lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, animal style, peppers), then goes to Five Guys and gets some weird ass grilled cheese double burger with nothing but bread meat and cheese.
Angry Trump supporters coming in 3... 2... 1...
That guy saying eating was why Elvis died, this guy is probably five times as fat. Go for a run buddy.
I'd order that burger from 5 Guys with grilled onions and bacon! ...then head off to the bathroom.
Movie idea .. eggslut express ..
is that the little guy from Modern Family ?
Christ spoke to me last night, he is coming very soon!
What about Wayback lol
Guess y’all haven’t tried whataburger
Is hair is already going gray.....
Whataburger
So thats where Ryan got his shirt
seth rogens’ fake laugh is on point can’t even tell
Its like christmas in your mouth!
Shake Shack patty is good as helll
I like pb on a burger.
In n Out hates bacon!
I liked Seth a lot more before he signaled to the whole world that he's a bleeding heart far-left liberal with terminal TDS.
This channel has the worst editing out there. annoying sound effects galore <3
This guys need to try a Whataburger
It’s upsetting how massive this guy is. 
 :/
Alvin is walking talking diabetes. I actually find it difficult to watch. I am scared he will die at any point.
The host looks like he was shaving one side of his face, decided to eat a burger, and forgot to shave the other side
Y’all know Seth rogan wrote some movies right? Dude ain’t just a stoner
salads for you two for 6 months
The fat guy always gets the veg taken off his burgers
What does five guys got cause i lige near one
to be fair i would sell a kidney to have burgers with seth rogen
(((seth rogen)))
I want Seth Rogan to smoke me down.
Neither of them looks healthy. At all.
Whataburger is better
I dare you... I double dare you to come to Slovenija... that we show you tha shieat... 
We' got grassfed mountain beef, homegrown stuff everywhere... Just come and taste the deliciousness... WE'VE MASTERED EVEN THE PIZZA... ASK ANYONE... ITALIANS HAVE NO WORD IN THIS...
Dude is like 989371289 into life already
The big guys beard is weak AF
how about whataburger lol
Wtf. Hahaha
i am 16 years old, and i feel like i know more about burgers than the host
I feel like Im contributing to bad habits by watching this video. the host will be dead in 5 years, if not its a miracle.
#MeUndies@Harmontown 5:35
7:04 In addition to the amphetamine abuse
THOUGHT JEWS COULDN'T EAT PORK
We get it you get high
great stuff
Egg sult  needs a secret Seth bacon egg cheese
music?
Seth seems like he was just there for a favour and he didn't really want to be there
I feel like this guy thinks he and Seth Rogen are way better friends than they are
Flying Dutchman #ifyouknowyouknow
You guys where deffo high af
Five guys didn’t lose to an animal style burger, it lost to a Frankenstein burger the guy spent years perfecting. This was rigged from the word go.
Check out Swenson's in Akron, OH! Small chain, totally awesome!
Try Whataburger.
Charge normal people and don't charge millionaires. Makes sense.
Try whataBurger
Really Fat people eating hamburgers it’s hysterical.
Pretty sure one of those guys shouldn’t be eating burgers.
Thats some funny stuff
In & out is nasty.. why do ppl like it so much? Not good @ all
Shocked Seth Rogan isn't vegan Lol
Not sure about shake shack’s burger, but peanut butter bacon cheeseburgers are literally the fuckin best !
They hate thick burgers? That’s kinda lame lol
I wish never read the comment section always full off miserable bitchy people
You guys went to heavy with the peanut butter you put a little on the bacon dip the bacon first then place it I eat bacon with peanut butter every chance I get and in and outs wack
Do all 5guys sell that chese burger grilled cheese thing?
People that mention weed any chance they get bug the shit outta me
No sean evans?
Got all the good toppings on the in and out and ate the five guys naked! Those two burgers are so good mmmm
Whataburger!!!!!!!!!
Eggslut’s beard though xD
Its not that hes obese its that bein obese means you use waaaaaay more than you need . Thats just   selfish and lacking self respect
I love how you have your favourite stock money shot of a thick patty being put on a plate that you cut in every time someone mentions the thickness of patties
Haha I got food poisoning from In-N-Out and didn't eat it for years, had it again this year. Not the fan I once was 😢
We get it, you smoke weed.
California Shitstains
hits the weed onces
Small people like to attach themselves to big people, just for fame.
Seth's laugh annoys me so much.. it just seems forced
Why are they cursing so much
FUCK PEANUT BUTTER
Do NOT order animal-style no matter how many people tell you. Mustard belongs in a hot dog, not a burger. And a patty should definitely not be fried in mustard. Just go for the typical double-double and request carmelized onions. That’s it. Your order can’t be any better that that.
Try the best pizzas
Whataburger.
hey your shirt is wrinkled...
You want a "secret menu" choice at 5 Guys? You know you can order the burger and grilled onions and/or mushrooms with the "Cajun" seasoning. The line cooks at my local 5 Guys does this for me all the time! Also, your double cheese decker burger order was under-dressed. Beef and cheese only and nothing else? Not a fair comparison my friend.
Get ittttt Alvin!!!!!!!! 😀😀😀😀😀😀🙌🙌🙌🙌
Yeyy
We need to make sure seth rogan never dies
He reminds me on pewdiepie
Not american, this fat, 
greasy and oily food looks  disgusting to me. And this guy probably weighs 200kg, he should start to care more about his weight if he wants live past 50.
This is ridiculous decadence
Rogan should run burger
Wow
In N Out is overrated.
A burger show! Mental! Everything you wanted to know about burgers and maybe some things you didn't. Whiners, piss off and go eat a big mac. Couldn't capitalize that, copyright infringement you know.
Y'all are sleeping on Whataburgers create your own menu. It's not just the applicable to the standard burger... ITS EVERYTHING ON THE MENU. I used to work at one I got bored real quick. So here's my small list of modded Whataburger's... Burgers... Yeah, 1.) Dubbed The Country Backslide: its Honey BBQ Chicken strip sandwich with White gravy instead of Bbq sauce W/grilled onions and Bacon. This sandwich which made us run out when the Rice basketball team came to play a game in my city. Some of the bigger boys added a burger party to them it was insane 2.) Dubbed La Sucia, it's the green chili double with their onions and peppers mix or grilled onions and jalapenos and thousand island sauce. Check em out if you're ever in Texas.
Hey fat guy, do yourself a favour... Excercise
Too bad none of these can compete with whataburger.
Last thing I wanna watch is a 400lb scraggly beard man eat three hamburgers 👎👎
The moment Jesus was born. 8:49
In and out is the most disgusting burger to ever exist.  Whataburger for life.
Wrong animal style has grilled onions on it instead of raw chopped onions. The spread has a lot of mayo in it not a big fan i prefer just a single cheeseburger no tomatoes and extra onion! Were about to get a five guys where i live right now its almost ready to open i hope that is good. We just got a in and out here nothing super special especially if your from california but everyone here went there and had lines backed up for almost 8 months straight it is still packed a lot. Super cheap burger prices has well $2.40 for a cheeseburger that taste way better then any fast food joint.
i know they hated on the peanut butter burger, but i promise that burger with lettuce tomato pickle IS KILLER
5 Guys is not good to me at all. WHATABURGER should have been the third burger here!
once you see a comment already mentioned just like that shit why repeat more negativity all over this feed like just move on he's making content with seth rogan and you're sitting at home hating your life
Whataburger is better
Five Guys is the best burger place in my opinion I love it
Whataburger is way better
Sizzlers??? They still exist?
The host of the show looks like a burger himself
This host is extremely fat and should lose some weight.
"Im Seth Rogan I smoke weed hur hur hur." - Every movie he does.
Idk why but it’s like I’m the only person in California who doesn’t like in-n-out
I’m insulted that they didn’t do whataburger
Sorry but peanut butter on a burger sounds disgusting af sum things just don’t mix like this
Awesome vid but this dudes wrinkly shirt is annoying
This guy needs to taste test salads
Anyone else see that airhead commercial?
No whataburger insta dislike
Yeah bro, visit Whataburger and it’ll beat all those other burger joints y’all visited.
feel like that fat asian is going to have a heart attack any minute as he keeps pushing burger down that trash can he calls mouth
Have you tried a Dominican burger called Chimichurri?
The host: now you could eat this burger after a HUGE bong hit or like if you just got BAKED
In n out always comes superior why? Cause they cut the potatoes in front of you
this show is gay and we not even at the burgers
We get it, you smoke, no one cares.
Try whataburger.
Now I have to search for your dog!
No idea what these are...the rest of us don't live in the US.....
🤣🤣🤣🤣👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻🤪🤪🤪🤪 I get high and eat food one like = one weed 🤫🤫🤫🤫
Crazy how none of the negativity in the comment section isnt even directed at their decisions.
i'm not trying to be mean but that guy should not be eating burgers he looks like he's 700 pounds
A morbidly obese guy making fun of Elvis for the way he ate is so funny. He looks like he climbs a few stairs and he’s out of breath.
Pepperocini are not chilis!!!! LMFAO!!! They are basically pickles. Not even remotely spicey!
I hope my mans lose some weight.
In n out has the best burgers!! Sorry east coast
Peanut butter rocks on a burger.
Subscribed mutha fuka
Did they sucked eachother afterwards?
Is this what stoners do when they’re not high?
Texans are like secret menu? Whataburger does grilled onions and A1 steak sauce, or Grilled onions/grilled peppers/ranch, Mushrooms/Bacon/Creamy Au Jus... and this is  without mentioning they give you access to everything in the kitchen make your own Frankenstein monster... Better still... Whataburger makes breakfast... they have made fresh in store jalapeno cheddar biscuits...  with real fried eggs... which you can customize the hell out of... Try a sausage egg and cheese on cheddar jalapeno biscuit... add bacon, grilled onion, grilled peppers..  and pepper ranch dressing... yes you gained 5 lbs just ordering it and took 7 days off your lifespan but holy hell....
I hate that clip of them squeezing that bun
nobody cares about that side story
is this show sponsored by in and out and shake shack? cuz i think they are kind a promoting and advertising them on each episode
You should call this show the fat ones
Egg Slut?
Whataburger> all else
Five Guys 👎
Fat guy doesn’t need to be eating those burgers. He will die with his next bite.
Seth 🖕Fucken🖕Rogen
A double-double in USA: burger from in and out
A double-double in CA: best coffee in the world from Timmy’s AKA Tim hortons
Does anybody know the name of the style of hat that Seth is wearing? It seems like it is kinda shorter than your typical hat
If in n out is so great why haven’t they gone nationwide? I’m not knocking them as I’ve never had one but they way people rave about IAO and Shake shack you’d think they’d be everywhere by now.
"5 guys isnt really in the conversation" lol it was voted number 1 burger in america in either 2017 or 2018. Sounds to me like some west people only knowing their side of the countries popular chain. Also i do agree with the final vote beacause I think 5 guys grilled cheese is nasty (they use kraft singles brand cheese). But yeah i do think 5 guys and in n out get debated more often than you think.
The craziest burger I made was just like  that grilled cheese burger but I added bacon and fried eggs in holes I cut in both grilled cheeses
🦵🏽🦶🏼👎🏼
Five guys sucks
Fat boi dont even smoke
Fat homie is annoying
please stop making videos
In and out is garbage
He's so fat!
Being from Jersey i've had Shake Shack plenty of times but i've never had In n Out. I already know In n Out is better. Shake Shack uses potato bread which i absolutely despise.
Are they kosher?
Cutty Banks
.
They look like a pair of burgers.......
I have no hate against fat ppl. But something about listening to a fat guy trying to tell me what’s good and what’s not good is not the best idea lol
In-N-Out is trash. I've never had a burger from there that wasn't dry, bland, or didn't make me sick.
They forgot about wataburger
Ok but like come to Texas and go to whataburger get a double whataburger add a whatachicken patty (fried) sub creamy pepper sauce instead of mustard and get what ever veggies you like
He kept bringing us weed puns kinda weird. He gets it. ......
five guys is so underrated. and f all these comments about fatness - being fat doesn't kill. go get after a bunch of thin malnourished trendy vegans who do coke and molly every weekend.
i feel like we shouldn't be allowed to do shit like this until everyone in the world is adequately fed
Five guys is better than all. CT is better than NY in pizza and burgers. We invented the burger. (Louie’s lunch is the inventor of the hamburger-look it up). Five guys for life.
Lol Eggslut
In n out is straight trash to me. It’s for nostalgic Californians or people who eat it because they are suppose to like it because that’s what all the “cool” people say. I give it a shot every six months to a year or so and I think it’s trash every time (even for fast food). I’m hoping one day I’ll understand the hype but I honestly I think it’s just straight hype.
Screw you guys making me spend £20 on Five Guys 😭😂😂
Also is seth adopted? Because I am and apparantly I'm the only dude that laughs like him
There's this burger from this place I used to work at that had peanut butter, a strawberry habanero compote, jalapeno jack cheese, bacon, and an Angus patty. The bun was just a regular potato bun, but it was so good.
1:20 Christians when I argue about the existence of god
An animal style burger, is an animal style burger. You don't need to put a bunch of random stuff on it and edit the hell out of it, then rate it as an animal style burger. It's custom at that point. This show is stupid, and putting Seth on it doesn't make it any better. He smokes weed. We know.
Seth is looking at him like "damn bro please take care of your health. "
While I've always thought Rogen was funny I've also thought he was extremely annoying, mostly because of his horrible laugh and how much he talks about weed. Combine him with a guy that talks about weed more than he does and obviously has a man crush on him and this episode is nigh unwatchable.
The Habbit Beats all three.
What I don’t get is how can a obese guy   Choose between burgers because they eat everything no disrespect but you once you go over a certain weight you just eat eat eat anything really you lose that preference
I feel like people just want to connect with Seth Rogan and they only know how to by saying they smoke. That’s it. Like try to get to know him more maybe? I dont know. Lol
You guys think he smokes weed? I would really like to know
smoke shack burger from shake shack is the best fast food burger no cap
If anyone wants a real off the menu item go to chick filet and order a chicken sandwich. Order it like this, 2 chicken patties, in between pickles, cheese and bacon. then Have them deep fry the patties together with the ingredients in the middle. then apply sauce on top and enjoy. I created it in 2009, when my bud worked at chick filet, its called the BTS, better then sex. if you guys want me to make this again and post a video i will.
I'd love to get on the burger show man!
Didn’t even get the best item from Shake Shack secret menu rip.
It’s not technically a burger, BUT y’all gotta snap on that Meat Mountain from Arby’s
Shake shack has some beast off menu items idk why they chose that thing 😂😂
C'mon man, In-N-Out? It's What-A-Burger...pretty much. Five Guys is in a totally different class.
Really dont like those guys
texas, whataburger - the whatafarm: chicken, beef patty, egg, cheese, and bacon
8:48 that laugh
as a  Canadian all I dream of is my visits to the states where I live like this (endless fastfood)
yeaaah, People Under The Stairs "Eat Street" song during the credits, oh and poutine burgers
He's starting to look like AJ from Backstreet Boys haha <3
DOG PEANUT BUTTER 😂😂
Junior Bacon McGangbang from McDonalds. Junior chicken patty between a McDouble.
Man you need to do one in Texas. I would love to see What-a-Buger on your show
Freddys / Steak n Shake have awesome steak burgers
Said no to tomatoes in an In-n-out Burger because it wasn't "Tomatoes season". Most pretentious thing I've ever heard any one say.
<Paused for comment:>  That opening Illuminati montage was truly inspired.  <resumes video>
8:49 UH HUH HUEH HUE
I love papa Murphy's more than those choices for burgers Frsh needs you to invest in please 5.3 is cheaper than 64.9
Pac grew up in Baltimore!
some 1 needs his t-shirt ironed
Whataburger > In-N-Out. Hands down
I have never had a off menu burger. but burger to bucks ratio I always just go with the Big Carl. Thats a great burger for the money. But now I will have to try a off menu In-N-Out, looks so good ! Thanks guys.
So I see five guys is attempting to make a grilled Charlie
Seth seams to get in a lot of hamburger based arguments
I wonder how many joints did seth smoke, before recording this.
Living in the town (Sedalia) that was famous for the Goober Burger here in Mo. I am sad to say the Wheel Inn Drive In has closed and is no more :(
This dude wants to bring back Fat Seth Rogan....beware!
yo he needs to iron that shirt
neck agreement your gender dutch following charge poverty bet deliver belt
One of my fav episodes yet
Wait...Sizzler's still a thing?
Seth, stop breathing our air.
I’m not sure if we have any of those places in Louisiana lol I guess we missing out
I wonder if the host smokes weed
This was nice
And it was at this moment i found food porn...i dont regret watching this whole video
Love this
Not watching this again after seeing they hatin on 5 guys
Y'all need to try my heart attack burger, it consists of 4 Kangaroo burger patties with each patty having double cheese, double bacon, onion and a little bit of bbq sauce on top. normally I will only cook this up if I know I am going to get fall down two-week hangover levels of drunk,
This big dude, idk what his name is, be flexin that air thin gold chain like damn
Im high seeing this 😂😂
They talked about weed like three times. Good content is good content. If that changes it for you, you must beat your kids with a belt
I always think it's weird when ppl dont want to take money from ppl who are very rich.
It would be awkward to eat burgers with that dude.
They hate us cuz they aint us
5 guys and Whataburger easily over In and Out burger. Its not even close....
Great video youtube
THATS NOT KOSHER
Totally awesome show. Hope we get more Burger Shows. Thank you.
In and out: Flying Dutchman
My Guy BIGGIE CHEESE
He had to pay 350 Bucks... for a tire? Am I missing something here?
I love when potheads are only capable of talking about being high... as someone who doesn’t smoke, it’s reeeaally interesting.
Dude paid 350 dollars for a tire and for it to get mounted?!
You just gave away the biggest secret at in n out.... peppers. Now what do natives have above the tourists!
We need to get this man an unwrinkled shirt
Great Vlog lads, Burgers are an art, im finding some common loves though. Plenty of cheese, liking the mustard cooked burger, double patty and peppers, peeps love it. But you reminded me of something, a bacon and egg toasted sandwich, mmmmmmmm.
FIVE GUYS IS THE 🐐
Host literally looks like a Megaburger #burgerlife #menotfat #meburgerman 🍔🍟🍴 🍕
I just wish seth didn't have an annoying laugh.. it's annoying because you cant tell if its real or not...a fake laugh is alright but if you genuinely laugh it shouldn't sound like your fake laugh...but he gave great commentary
Dat 8:44 laugh though
Five guys sucks. They are seriously tasteless. No Exaggeration, The best thing they serve are the Cajun fries.
I could nuke myslef ashdahsdhahsdhahahha
I think the fat guy smokes pot..
NO !
how could you leave the lettuce and tomato out of the double double............................
You can do a lot with Five Guys burgers - the double-grilled cheese is only the beginning. How about five guys chili cheese fries? No actual chilies in there, true, but you got chopped and grilled onions, green peppers and jalapenos, two diced patties, all grilled together in hot sauce, bbq and Cajun seasoning. Throw it all in a tinfoil bowl, throw two slices of cheese on top, and then cover it with another bowl to steam-melt the cheese. Then, take a third bowl, fill it with fries, and throw your chili on top.
for the record there is no contest between in n out and shake shack. hands down in n out is the best.
I remember when Seth Rogen went to a restaurant I worked at in the airport. He’s a really cool guy I got to take a picture with him along with a couple of co workers since I barely fit in the frame he hugged and made me fit with them lmao
Everyone hating on all the “stoner” references, you just don’t understand the bond stoners have. It’s nice to find a fellow stoner you can talk to about weed, especially if many of your friends don’t smoke.
I liked this video but why are you shushing me in the thumb?
Wish Alvin would care about his appearance more
Seth Rogen laugh sounds like a choking crocadile
Weirdly everytime i think about seth i never think pineapple express i think of paul...i could picture paul the alien eating them burger right now.
The four horseman at burger priest...hands down.
I just feasted but after seeing these burgers I am once again hungry. Supper time, what can I say?
Try Good Times in Colorado, better than In and Out!
damn how old is seth rogen now?
Five Guys is the best.
this guys beard is beyond weak; not seths
Hell yeah In And Out is number one in my book. I get a double single,no onions or tomatoes but give me the protein lettuce in my burger. Yes I have the buns but I don't like the pieces of lettuce that has no crunch and keeps falling out of my burger. So I get the big crunchy sheet of protein lettuce. Oh man I want a In and Out burger but just had my gallbladder surgery less than 3 weeks ago and my stomach can't handle a burger yet.
Not to be an asshole like a lot of the others but you can't say Elvis died from that when you're twice the size and half as healthy. Lose the weight and live a long happy life bro. It would be more worth it than tell g riven pot stories.
WHATABURGER >>>>>>>
This big dude makes the grossest burgers. Please stop.
yo I worked in McDonald's and you know at the end of the day when there are no customers you can just go mad in the kitchen, i made a double cheese burger with a layer of those cheese melts and jalapenos, it was heavenly.
Whataburger > all
High. Yea, hi.
There’s a place called stake and shake but it’s trash
Seth Rogen is like the new Jeff Bridges
i don't like mustard ona  burger. Ketchup all the way!
In n out will always be my favorite because they are the only place that I can get protein style with the chopped chili’s 😋
The only one of those nearby is 5 guys. I've never had shake-shack, and the one time I had In-N-Out? I thought it was overrated. Now I have a better idea what to order, so I'll give it a second try.

That said... Why you ignoring The South? Whataburger holds my cholesterol filled heart!
The beard is very on point.
I've never had In-N-Out. Closest one is 408 miles away.
BURGER BLESS
Shake Shack, good burgers.. in n out, real burgers..
Seth’s laugh 😩
Eh, I don't hate ya, but Five Guys isn't in the conversation enough ;)
who else thinks Seth needs to clear his throat?
Rogen looks like a homeless man
Although this was a great vid, the stoner talk kinda ruined it. It seems like Seth has been defined as a stoner by Hollywood and that’s how everyone treats him.
I dont know but fat genghis khan gives off a slight impression that he smokes weed.
Fat boy gotta clean up his diet before he drops dead and Seth has a weirdly annoying voice.
Seth rogan ordered from a restaraunt that my friend worked at and he got the most plain boring ass burger ever. Like it was just bun cheese and ketchup.
burgers are overrated
There's a place in bowling green kentucky that serves a peanut butter and jelly, almost gourmet type burger, called white squirrel. You have to make something like it at some point. Look up the menu and recreate it.
I do feel like this was a little bias on the side In-N-Out because the other two burgers were taken in their purest forms, whereas peppers were added and tomatoes were removed for In-n-Out. This is coming from a die-hard In-n-Out fan who has tried all of these burgers (without the peppers) before. So while I agree with the assessment, I do think it was a little unfair.

Also, does White Castle and The Habit have secret menu burgers? I usually include them in the conversation too when talking about the best of base-form fast food burgers.
Plus, like iron your shirt man.
How awesome to eat a burger with Seth Rogen. In and Out burger give me food poisoning, I've never went back. I think it looks so tasty though, I may have to try one again but not the same location. I have never had peanut butter on a burger. I love peanut butter. I thank you for these reviews!! I appreciate opinions very much and I am persuaded to go to In and Out again.
That 5 guys double grill cheese burger needs bacon, caramelized onions and grilled mushrooms!
Haha basic burger joint. You need to try "burger-fi"
smokin aftrr meal lovin this vid aha
@Seth Rogan No u
That laugh at 8:49 lmaooooo
i seriously wanna see The Burger Show become as succesful as Hot Ones.
They haven't tried lunchables burgers...
The reason marijuana is illegal is because it made someone think putting peanut butter on a burger was a good a idea
I'm about that PB burger
In and out is SO over hyped! I swear. The fries taste like cardboard and the cheese tastes so fake. The only thing that’s good from it is animal sauce.
Diabeetus
Where are you getting all three in the same place?
8:48 is the ULTIMATE Seth Rogen laugh!!!
It usually comes with lettuce and tomato, it's not tomato season I said no, of course this guy said no to vegetables i mean look at him.
Why isn't Seth laughing every 10 seconds?
Yo, I love burgers but I can't eat a burger that doesn't have letuce.
Seth Rogan is the goat!
Sup Normies
They broke down the theory of Burgers 😂
The coasts are missing out on some bomb Culvers burgers. Just saying.
whataburger bro is better than any of those burger places.
You guys are slowly murdering this guy by feeding him more time to clean up the diet
Whats the song at the end?
wow seth rogen lost alot of weight haha 😂😬
We want more stoner food episodes!
where's the f*** taste test?!!!!
That fat dude is one burger away from heart attacked
Damn, why didn't you give him the cyanide burger? :/
They are ALL LYING TO YOU !!!! WE NEED TO FIND THE WHATABURGER SECRET MENU !!!!
I love peanut butter but not on a burger. And feel as if I keep hearing about places putting PB on a burger more often. It's like putting pineapple on a pizza,there are just certain things you don't do.
WHATABURGER
I LOVE SETH
These celebrities all doing YouTube now to try and stay relevant.
Dude we get it you burn
damn seth looking old now days.
Is it me or is this host not cutting it for me? No enthusiasm and he’s just boring
Yo you’re like twice the size of Elvis haha what you talkn about that’s how he died. Take note
I can't tell. Does Alvin smoke weed?
In n Out with some green chile from new mexico would be 👏👏👏😍👌👌
Maybe it's an east coast thing...but one of my favorite meals growing up was peanut butter and bacon sandwiches...and I've recently had some peanut butter and bacon burgers that were goddamn amazing!
Thats not a real peanut butter bacon burger.  At Diamond Knot brewery in WA they have the best one with hardwood smoked bacon, grilled bell peppers, pickled red onions and sriracha aioli. without the bell peppers and sriracha aioli, its not a real peanut butter bacon burger. I keep seeing these plain burgers with just peanut butter and bacon only, you need more flavors
in-n-out is trash compared to whataburger.
Gotta have a good dill pickle to balance all the salt from the peanut butter and bacon. It can be good but still it's not something you'd make often.
Jesus seth's voice got deeper
your smelling your vavas wey that’s why it smells funny lol
Wait 5guys has one how have I missed this
Tupac was from New York too...
Editor forgot to put in secret menu. Of course all those burger places have burgers.
Awesome bruh, see if you can get adam sadler.
Man peanut butter and grape jelly burgers ,mmmmmmmmmmmmm
i dont believe that story one bit, you telling me whoever that was on the truck didn't have plastic that could of paid for tire repair? bullshitttt
But like I don’t have money to buy the ingredients...... i wanna die
"It's not tomato season." -  you're in California its always EVERYTHING season! Stop being a seasonal prude. Accept your privilege.

GREAT VIDEO!
Thumbnail Makes Seth look bald, and with that beard he looks like a nerdy Kratos.
"BOI, huehuehuehuehue"
I had no idea Martin's potato rolls were that popular. They are made in my area and we love them. That's crazy.
I love u Seth ur awsome
what was the name of that song at the end ?? btw love the show !!
DUDE WEED LMAO
Are those burgers fresh though? How did you get burgers from three separate places at once? There's no way to properly judge a burger if it's not fresh off the grill.
You need to come down to Texas and get a Whataburger, then compare the best.
Whataburger
Never went to five guys, but decided to because my friend said they were the best and tons of hype about them...turns out it was all just hype, they taste just like Wendy's except for some reason they are "cool" or the "in" thing.  Not sure why?? Is it because they are suppose to be fresh or something?...and yet taste like Wendy's?  BTW not saying it was bad, just not worth the hype.
huhuhuhuhuhuhuh
gluten!!!
Whataburger doesn't need secret menu items
You ruined your base when you invited Seth Shithead to the show and gayed it all up......wrong move bro. wrong move.
Can Seth come back on hotones
This guy needs to iron his shirt my that’s tuff
I would have to be baked as fawk to eat that five guys burger....
Y’all need to try whataburger it’s wayyy better
In the past, rather than typical grilled cheese for buns, I've made for people, potato patty grill cheese for use as the burger buns (Cheese between two potato patties).
Drinking game:

Take a shot every time you hear the word "yeah"
I moved from San Diego to Virginia.  Everytime I land in CA I b-line it to IN-N-OUT and order a 4x4...
I love Seth's, "You don't give this to someone you like." Still, that grill-cheese bun sounded interesting. Lol
Spicy big crunch with arby's curly fires
This is legendary
The host gotta go. NEXT
Seth Rogan is my favorite actor but it's wierd how he used to go around and smell people's burgers, and he never learned to read
Winner is Cookout
This guy talks like people who smoke weed for the first time. I get it, you smoke.
Alvin gotten bigger
You smoke weed. We get it.
I love Seth!!
At 5:42, Shimmy Shimmy Ya by Ol’ Dirty Bastard starts playing
Still takes a bite as Seth says he got food poisoning... lol
Whataburger is better then in n out tho
Ding ding ding mofo In n Out wins again!!!!
Five Guys always wins.....In-N-Out is shit fight me about it lol I'm totally kidding but I only have Five Guys locations near me and the only In-N-Out I went to they were asshats and the burger was terrible.
Whataburger > In-N-Out AND ShakeShack
Lol this looks like a rip off of First We Feast.

Oh wait, it is First We Feast nvm
Josh McCutchen / burger planet made you
You could do a whole season about eating burgers with Seth Rogen  and i would watch every minute of it.
That double double animal style burger looks so freaking good
That all made my heart hurt
pls invite review brah on hot seat
whataburger over everything
your not getting into the burgluminati
OMGGGGG, Five Guys does not have a "secret menu". Believe me...you can customize anything though. That's all. Seth, you could add any toppings you want to that grilled cheese burger - add jalapanos and your fav toppings. lol
Any Shake Shack veteran knows that you have to put pickles on your peanut butter bacon burger or it's not even worth eating.
yeah, what's with burgers that smell funny?  freezer burn?
Whataburger for life.
Who gave Mexican Andy a food Show?
In and out is garbage
Where’s the Whataburger?!?!?
Thank you to the Together Car Club for their hospitality! How good do those ribs look?!
He's explaining how he's doing the burger and the guys in the back look like "we dont care ese we just want to eat"
Ain’t nothing more gangsta then getting spanked by a paddle
GTA San Andreas without violent/drugs
that guy's dedication to his sister warms my heart. so wholesome. this whole video is just so happy and I love it.
Every Latino knows Sunday is Asada Day
Not gonna lie this was badass! Aint nothing like a fresh OG cookout the old fashioned way. Burgers looked fire.
Every car this big boy sits in is a low rider.
The west coast can make great burgers in the most unlikeliest of places. The video reminds me of the Lemon Pepper Wet wings food grails video. Who knew atlanta's strip clubs started a food icon known as Lemon Pepper Wet wings made popular by Donald Glover in the show Atlanta? Same goes with lowriders and burgers in California.
Been a while since I have seen Paul Sr. in a show, seems he switched to cars.
Waiting for MKBHD episode of hot ones
Living the dream right here. Sunday afternoon drinking, burgers, lowriders, and a paddlin'.
LOVE the show guys, Keep it up.
This show is going to kill this man...
Pick Rivera is not East L.A.
That's what a real community looks like. Everyone looks out for one another and break bread for no reason other than bringing everyone together. We need more of that in these times.
Happy this shows back.  Between the pizza show, hot ones, barstool pizza reviews and this show. I am a happy person.
People under the stairs! Bringing back memories...
Dude reminds me of Paul Sr. from Orange County Choppers but much more jolly.
Them fast & furious vibes 👌
Let the man friggin live, dang
🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
Great episode love the culture, much respect, and great vibes😎
Pico Rivera, EAST LOS, BOYLE HEIGHTS This hit home. Gracias, lot of love!!
When he put that pork on top of the burger..I almost started crying..so beautiful!!
Video made me feel like I was home! 
Cali Baby!
nothing like a mexican cookout, ferreal.
Man, nothing belongs on a burger more than avocado. That's part of the sauce right there. My burger sauce is 1 ripe avocado, 2 tbsp 0% greek yogurt, a squeeze of low cal ranch, diced jalepeno either fresh lemon or lime juice, quality dried basil, cumin, salt, and pepper.
I've got major beef with First We Feast. Major beef recipes for bomb ass burgers. 
How you be taking over the food world FWF? I dont even care because it's awesome. Just wish y'all would stop making me hungry.
Love the family vibes, More proof to never judge people before you know them. Great content. Thank you!
The paddles is a bdsm thing right
Also it was apart of the Chicano movement
Wow respect all around ✊🏽
REPPIN MY CITY !!!
That burger looks killer.  I miss being in the lowrider/mini-truckin' culture. The club was our family  and had some great times.
Go to El Sereno! 
Lock ST GANG 4 life.
Keep doing episodes like this! Loved seeing the culture!
Yo no way! Pico represent!! ✌🏽
People Under the Stairs .
I want to hang out with these Mfs
Yo!!! What track was playing in the background at the end!? Fire for LA  foodies!!!
This was a really good episode! Thank you so much for this!
Pico Rivera my hometown ✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽
Alvin, that's awesome. So glad you're back for another season. This show just gets me, man.
I gotta pull up for Bet Weekend 💯💯🖖🏾
Damn Alvin right when I seen this show I loved it bro n Now I see ur from pico the same city as me! Eating the same burgers from guacamole’s as I did!! Damn that’s so tight bro!!!
He's from pico rivera??
PACO!!!!!
Can i have all of those lowrider dads as my dad.. Please?
this what im doin all summer. grillin with the homie
He said "paint job gotta be immaculant" 😂😂😂 represent brother, represent. Y que chingue su madre el que no te entienda Chicano English
Three wheel motion while throwing some burger sign 

I see what you did there dats gangsta xD
Honestly low riders are the tackiest and lamest invention for cars pretty much ever.
"Alot of People take the spatula and press down on the burger and it ruins the burger" 
"Right, you never do that" 
ITS IN THE INTRO you do it all the time.
I just watched this episode and sleeped.  after one hour I'm woke up with a dream of eating this burger and my mouth was full of water 😂😪😪😪 Best dream I ever had 😍
Next do a video on the motorcycle club life in LA!
CALIFORNIA LOVE BABY!!! lowriding in Los Angeles
Freakin' cool. Lowriders and burgers, perfect combo man :)
I loved growing up in Pico. Loved the Taco Shack nachos, Tacos Arandas, The Tamarack Inn, In-n-Out, Tommy’s and Happy Wok. Lot’s of great places to eat and ton of great people.
You're quality is amazing. One of my new favorite channels.
My wife told me you looked like a Filipino, I said nah, you confirmed it. WTF bruh?
YES! 🤤👏👏🙌
came for the burgers , stayed for  that beard . :p
I loved this! So good. Thank you guys for this one! Love the culture .
I love lowriders than you throw a burger on top of it....sweet
Props to First We Feast for showing love to the P! People Under The Stairs is one of the most underrated rap groups ever!
“Always charcoal never propane” rip king of the hill
BIG SMOKE love this video
Lowriders... The strangest sect of the car world for sure!!
I feel like Delinquent Habits - California could've been a great background score for this video.
talking to those guys like they never grilled before :/
everything on this felt so forced
Mmmmmmm MM!!! DEFINITELY Slap'n Mama Worthyyy!! 🤣🤣🤣
Represent food culture! I may not be into cars all that much. But, I get the respect of food, and burgers. Those guys, that's family, and you don't disrespect family. Much love from Canada.
Grew up in Pico Rivera 
Like the recognition from the show
Damn those borgurz luk gud mang!
I love this episode! I had no idea who the Together Car Club was and it's amazing to see that Pico is being highlighted in this loving way.
West coast forever
I’m from Pico Rivera too 🙌👊
"Making burgers in the afternoon, having a cold one on the other hand, that's heaven to me." Sure alvin you about to go to heaven real soon bro
Alvin, no disrespect but bruh you getting hella big.
playin that p u t s aw yeah
Alvin is such a charming host, I love The Burger Show!
Great fun episode, too. Love to see the camaraderie of the Together low riders!
People under the stairs...  nicely done adding them to the soundtrack.
So dope you were in Pico man! Love Pico Rivera man! I got into my first fight when I was kid over there man well I was jumped by 5th graders but that depends on who you ask really 😂😂
Hahaha I was waiting to see one of them hit that burger with a little Hot Sauce. Dude at 7:39 did just that haha 😎👍🏽🍔
The first couple episodes of the Burger Show I was like meh. But man, I'm hooked on it now. Love this show
The grillmaster popping open his grill like a box of jewels was amazing
Layin F A C T S to these dude hahaha

5:56
Grill the damn buns my man!
Big love from the UK 🇬🇧
Damn! Mad love for the Burger Show! Keep it up!
These shows & bits in-between the Hot Ones episodes just keep getting better. And I couldn't be happier for everyone over at First We Feast. Good stuff guys.
Tommy's on rampart! 😎👌💦🍔🔥🔥
I loved seeing this because it's true people equate people who drive low riders to gangs! So this was beautiful to see that it's not what that's about that it's about the love of cars, family and being together! Those burgers and ribs looked amazing!
70s low lows are the best style, cragars and tru spokes baby.
Pico Rivera is NOT east LA , in fact there’s a whole city in between pico and where east LA starts ( I know bc I live in the in between city Montebello)
That’s neither the In n Out nor the Tommy’s from Pico-_-
This Channel is blowing up
I'm glad this show is back, keep up the good work!
Bro gangs tell you they're family. That's their whole thing....
You should come out to COZY INN sliders In Salina Ks
I was only thinking about Cesar from GTA while watching
Dude where have you been? Glad The Burger Show is back!
"We got chrome like we got lettuce, we got paint like we got tomatoes!"

Yeah I'm not seeing the connection there.
man i love how these dudes are just stood around a girl learning. LOVE IT!
Diggin' this so much. Keep it up.
damn in the beginning. he sounded like 69 scary ass homie Billy Ado "l.a has beautiful weather , beautiful woman" haha
Of course, don't forget the Tapatio.
Pico Rivera hell yeah! Nice city mang!
but
lowriders are sooooo silly


although I guess it's a good song
TOGETHER  Los Angeles C.C 💯
Haha, got them holes in the paddle so the meat goes thru!
Ouchie, chingai.
🌲🐻🌲✌💘
Bless the dude at the beginning, instead of calling them hoes he called them Beautiful women
thought it was doo-rags and MAC-10s
Guacamoles was right next to my middle school
Thes one outro?! This is definitely an LA episode now
When they all say ahh at the same time as he's instructing
I knew it! I had a feeling Alvin was Filipino AHHAAH
Dude ...THAT RIB MEAT ON THAT BURGER?!?!? Dude...wow
Season 2! We out here!
just blew my mind away with PUTS. i've been obsessed with them for almost more than half my life.
Loved this video really shows the L.A. culture that not many get to see.
Alvin doing justice to the culture 👌🏽 my man, come to MN and get that Juicy Lucy action
My boy they have mad respect for you postive message in this clip salud
That's a true squad,Autobots roll out.
Grew up in Both Cities, East LA is not Pico 😂
Not a fan of the host, he seems like a good guy and knows food, something about his charisma. I’ll keep watching though.
"We have a paddle"
Protip: watch this show while eating to avoid a serious case of foodjealousy :P
This was probably the most American episode ever
"doneness" just doesn't feel like the correct word
Also, California has the best Uzies in America
Nice with the People Under the Stairs sample at the end, so dope.
My name is Eddy, I've been in jail for about 40 years?
Yessss Alvin!! So happy you’re back!! And great first episode going back to home. My fam is from Pico and Whittier so those bbqs are everything!
Miracle Blade Rock n' Chop used to slice the ribs.
PUTS FOR LIFE...great episode
Im almost certain that that Pink one was in lowlider magazine years back.
Thank you for putting @peopleunderthestairs on this. Grew up in middle school listening to them playing their stuff off MySpace. Much love from the Midwest for you burgers but more so for thes one and double K
I have the hotwing squirts.
It's nowhere near lunchtime, and you're making me hungry! (>_<)
Titles says low rider   Thumbnail shows car one foot of the ground
i wish these were much longer!!! xP
That burger looks so good those cars look so good. Thanks for coming out man.
YES ! Finally a new episode!
Need a great backyard BBQ burger recipe...I have a few. It would be great to see a burger flavor tour around the world.
all those greedy people who can't just appreciate deez vibes yo - Love your shows!
Food brings everyone together. F<c( ya!
Those burgers look kinda bland
Sick WANNA BE'S 😂😂
Keep killing it AND KEEP IT TIGHT!!!!
I'm a simple man, i see burger i click
Any questions people have that are not from Cali let me know?
I missed this show so much and was so worried it wasn't coming back. So hype for season 2!!
That was great episode! It was like a small section of a great episode of bizarre foods, or Part's Unknown. Bravo dude
Sunday afternoon, grilling, oldies 👌👌👌 cant go wrong
Man I wish I was there, I'm starving now lol those burgers looked amazing
Dude I am so happy this series is back!!! God bless, keep up the good work!
I don't really see the connection between Burgers and Low Riders...
Oh damn Pico Rivera? That's my hometown!
Pico Rivera is not East LA. More like south east.
shouts to People Under The Stairs in the outro
I’m from LA and I live in Philly now. I hate how everyone thinks east LA/Compton are the super ghetto and super dangerous. Look at the neighborhood! It’s immaculate! There’s nice lawns and community! But when you go to the Bronx or north Philly it looks like gutter trash with real danger... I’m sorry but the west coast is clearly the best coast...
1:04 aww that made me sad
This was tight af much love from California fam good shit fam
This one was so gay. These people actually think they’re cool?
Saw them makin a video at cassells #cominsoon
Thank god you came back after ramadan.
These guys supposedly live the low rider and burger life yet when he's explaining the basics of how to grill they're all like,  "ooooh.. wowwww...."  Something not adding up here.
Burger: The definition of American food.
Love the show, but this dude should be hosting the salad show.
And now iam hungry 😂
The host needs to do a Keto show or something, he looks super unhealthy
love these kind of videos
Y’all don’t know shit about East LA lol talking about East LA then goes on to say “In Pico Rivera” alright fosho 😂
Yesss... People Under the Stairs out of nowhere!
Bro when are you giving a tams or  Louis some love. Thats the number 1 hood burger spot.
The host is one burger away from having a heart attack.
i dont understand why people use propane on a grill you might as well cook inside
I can't stop hearing Eazy-E in my head while watching this video. Plus the burger looks good af
“It doesn’t matter where you’re from you’re welcome in, you just gotta come with respect.” That’s America.
This dude is gonna die within 10 years. :(
👍🔥🤤👍
The Pico Together Burger.. you just made the bucket list.
Yep. I love Alvin. He knows burgers.
Alvin, low-key on the thumbnail, looks like PD from the channel Form of Therapy.
I love fat people and I love burgers
Love it. Good for them.
It's funny how things suit certain country's, if you came down the street in the UK in a lowrider everyone would die laughing at you.
ride the cars like you smoke meats...low and slow.
I want to roast Alvin over a camp fire on a spinning spit.
I love California!
Damn I need to get a lowrider and a grill!
These guys seem like a great group to grab a beer with.
Finally i see someone else putting avocado on his burguer.
Yeah, drinking and driving - that’s great for the community.
yo
Sexy lowriders. And tastier looking burgers
I thought this was a new donut media show lol
Charcoal has more flavor? Tell Hank Hill that..
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE have Heallthyjunkfood on hot ones!!!!!!!!!!! MUST SEE JPs REACTION  thankkssss
ENZA DENINO
I’m just tryna pull up for a burger 😭
not even ONE chick :}
Chale homie Tacos define East Los!!!
Muthafucken lo low cars are too fire 🔥. Love a hoppin whip. And a donk too can’t leave out Donks :)
WHY WAS I NOT INVITED TO DIS
They ain't lying about that mesquite wood! Tastiest carne asada, burgers or whatever's 😁👌
DAMN Alvin I see you copping those yeezy’s
Together Burger ™ Forever!!
Yes. Come TOGETHER right now over me.
Does the big guy say "As a chef" while talking about burgers like he does in pretty much every other vid I've watched with him in it. I hesitate to watch this for fear that the dude will continue to try to validate himself like that. It's always pretty cringeworthy. Love First We Feast as a whole though.
Good Video but obesity % is really high unlike those low riders..
Omg they just named all the good burger spots in LA in the outtro song ❤️❤️❤️
“Manny g, everybody calls me TURTLE here” I dieddddd...
Ain’t nothing like seeing these fools cruse down Whittier Blvd!
As much as I like FWF and Burgers I choose to not watch these video, lest I grow attached to this guy and have my heart broken when he has a heart-attack after chugging burgers down while weighing 300lb. This show is a crime fr.
People Under the Stairs at the end. Love it
I see ya. Cali... flying out of LAX as we speak!  I shall return!
It felt like the guests really carried this whole segment more than the host.
YOU NEED TO MAKE THE BURGER THICK IDK WHY NOBODY GETS THAT
Wtf ur from pico rivera?!! Ayy thats where i livee!!
Issa Fatboy club more like.
I’ll have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda.
Never forget X
Why are you enabling this mans addiction?
Damn this slapped a bunch of memories to me. Thank you.
Pico!!!!!!
Dope good vibes #together
This shit had me drooling.
Goes from vegan Natalie Portman to meaty burger bros... :|
Best episode of this show so far. He seemed passionate about the people and community.
Damn it, now I want a burger. You're killing me smalls.
Loved the episode even more when I heard the PUTS at the end!! Hell yeah
That's like bikers and pulled pork . Man great episode
Mexicans are the coolest people.  I'm also Filipino and grew up in Woodside, Queens around a lot of Mexicans and they will have your back for life if you grew up with them and know their families.  Most loyal people.
great addition to the channel. IDK if its been around before but its the first I am seeing it
Charcoal no propane. I like these guys.
Tbh I thought the guy in the thumbnail was kidbehindacamera lol
Haha you know he had to bust that TAPATIO! 😋😋
Cholo's living next to me have a depressing lifestyle?! ... 😃
Old school. Sweet.
Grew up in Montebello in the 60s/70s!
Probably knew OG with fuman chu!
Burgers looking good.
Idk if you guys planned on making this a series originally  but this show is awesome guys great job!
Great first episode of season 2!
Check us out 😊 Sun City Dreaming
This show has basically no substance.  What are we really learning from these episodes?  That burgers taste good?
I grew up in LA and saw so many fist fights at that Pico Rivera Tommy’s when we used to cruise Whittier Blvd.
Damn, I love what you guys are doing! Awesome look at such a cool culture!
I normally don't fuck with videos without Sean Evans, but this was really fun. I remember dude from the video where he showed Sean how to make perfect scrambled eggs. I might have to go binge on some more of Alvin's videos. Cheers.
0:19 That's my boy Tommy's right there!
Never cook burgers medium or rare, that’s for steaks
"respect""respect""respect""respect""respect" oh god these people never evolve their vocabulary...you look and sound bien pendejos.
Respect to the dude with the pink car for his deceased sister, that's so sweet.
obese squad lol
Teach us how to make a perfect steak next.
You brought this cringefest back? This guy sounds like he's in high school lol
Huge fan bro but loose weight so we can enjoy more episodes in future
That little dude looks like Froggy from Colors
EAST LA  D E N I N O BOIS
Ayy shout out to Pico. El Rancho all the wayy
El Chino getting mad respect from the Xolo people..
Pico Rivera is not east LA just saying
Could we please have a playlist of the songs used in the show?
wait so you CAN eat burgers medium rare? i though mince meat had to be fully cooked?
2:00 Sean Astin's less successful, long lost brother
I know what I'm grilling this weekend,🍔 🍔🍔🍻🍻🍻
Gabriel Iglesias cooks some good burgers 







It’s a joke don’t take offence :p
I hope they're throwing some turkey burgers on the grill to now
Cool Show, that burger looked awesome.
the cringiest episode ever!! someone please tell him he needs to care about his health more
I’m so glad this show is back!
Please have Idubbbz as a guest on Hot Ones :)
4:26 to 4:30 hank hill would be PISSED
lol when those pre formed patties separated on the grill
Those ribs looked fire
Bro I live in Pico Rivera
1 time for my melanted folk
With PUTS at the credits!
Can you collab with bbq pit boys?
dude still has his coachella wristband on.. cool, you were on the guest list!
East LA ❤️
4:26 - Hank Hill having a stroke rn!
Toast the freakin bun bro
Dat boy fat as hell, and his facial hair is TRASH, but I love this show
I was thinking, "Man that's gotta be Pico!" I grew up off manzanar, cross from peterbilt. #Picoreppin #respekfromNM FAM!
This is so not genuine. It seems staged.
More videos like this please! Love the family aspect and pride from where they’re from.
Sponsored by lipitor
👍🍺🍻 what's up with an 8min video? was hoping for a 20min video, but The BURGER Show 👍👍👍
I knew that was my mexican side of me coming out when i was looking for what to put on my burger, saw the guac and thought, "why not?" haha
Keep them coming FWF
hey man, f'real. i wanna see u make it past 40. all that putting ribs on a burger shit has got to go. plus it don't even look appetizing.
The slower you go the more you know
Hank hill would be upset with the “ charcoal only no propane”
Weather is rarely beautiful in LA. Unless you're rich and live by the beach.
Everybody rockin locks or custom ones
I live in east LA and have never seen a low rider.
Pero like,where are the 40's?
“Beefer”
Can we be honest with ourselves for a minute? If the main focus of your life has ANYTHING to do with a material object then you have not come to understand the wider scope of life. If this comment makes you angry then you to have not found peace in your life. I highly encourage you to find this blissfulness of understanding and awareness to what this life truly means and has to offer.
Cars burgers music Holy trinity
That boy needs to talk more...
come to the south next season like atlanta or athens and go to the varsity
Great show!!! Keep it up bud.
Mira nomas con paddle y todo 😱👀
I'm from Montebello gotta say best burgers are from Arrys hands down
forgot the beautiful weed
Lmao hilarious subtitle. But, #noonecares
Love the shot of the guy putting Tapatio on the burger
Does anyone else feel like this show is just too forced? It's not organic and I just don't have that much fun watching. Idk, maybe I'm alone on that one.
Come to find out my Uncle is in this video 0:36
Finally!! 👐
Finalllyyyyy
WTF I LIVE IN PICO RIVERA
I love the concept. But the host isn't one.
Bruh I wish I had a 81 cutlas like that. But 2jz swap it #bewild dumb swap but still dope cause it’s different
Whassup on a vid bout them tacos de lengua tho?
Lowriders still exist?
That TapatÍo dab at 7:38
Son you need to go fast. And I mean run fast. Before your heart hits that emergency brake. And you don't need hydraulics and airbags to low ride car. Making backyard hamburgers is heaven? Well. You will be seeing hell instead Mr. Gluttony. This entire video is like watching blood in blood out smh.
So dope to see this episode especially because this is my area I still eat Tommy’s and in n out all the time
The together club is so sweet
That is some dope stuff there
YESSS IT'S BACK
Somebody get this hack off my recommendation
East LA TriHard
Alvin! I watched five episodes and loved them. Then I heard you are from Pico. My Family lives right on Passons, Bro! I'm from back east, but I've been in Pico twice a year since I was a kid. Hope I run into you someday so I can buy you a burger... or Five!!!
hell yea
I’m from Tennessee and I would really enjoy hanging out and eating with those guys!
This is my first time to watch this show of first we feast and am glad to know that he is proud Pinoy.
Song name in the outro?
You'll making me hungry
Cuz we’re from East Los ese!
2:51 say it louder for the people in the back
DODGE CHARGER
Thank you for the positive vibes about my city! Pico and burgers go hand and hand!!
3:39 real burger culture in southern California  is serving a burger on an upside down plate  on low riders
I could've guessed seeing these people, that it's not salad that goes with low riders :D
This was badass
You make that burger look so illegal in the end cuts lolz
"Ey, lets just eat some food"
First off, PICO RIVERA ISNT EAST LA,
That was such a nice video damn
Get Dwayne Johnson hot ones
Together. Right on.
I though he said burglers lmao
Aye home's don't you know I'm loco
Anyone who is from Compton knows where to get good burgers. TAMS BURGERS OR LOUIS BURGERS... Man this video reminds me of home!
goddamn i want it ALL.
Yo does togethers car club got room for a youngster with a 36 olds i could make sum mean bbq as well lol and i stay in el monte near pico wassup. Hey first we feast this episodes up there with sean evans in my book kool shoot man
Rip X
Interesting perspective.
who gave this walking heart attack a burger show. That's just cruel.
Salute to these brothas
Pico Rivera!!! 😎
Whaaaat??!! PICO lol
Alvin can turn any vehicle into a lowrider LMAO
too bad regular people can't afford to live ther anymore. A dying culture in this area. I'll see you guys in AZ!
EAST LA TriHard Cx
RIP xxx
West coast
Awesome episode!!!
TriHard Clap
Wholesome hood
If you gave this video a thumbs down you have no soul.
I feel like the mood changed once the food came out! Good dudes!
THIS SHOW STINKS!
checking from the side - smart asf
What big bunch of adorable softies.
love this show man
I am not dissapointed
It’s a great show, but who the hell named it “The Burger Show”? You couldn’t have named it something more interesting?
driveby burger is best driveby
Ahhhh ok lol
When I die, I wanna come back in East L.A.
number 1 rule . Toast ur buns ...
Man this is such a trip, late at night and cant sleep and it turns out i missed this episode. My Tio Jaime passed 2 years ago and he was apart of the Together Car Club. Not a day goes by that i dont think about him. I have been absolutely loving this show and so happy something caught my eye that i missed this episode and i needed to watch this. He was a man who loved his family, friends, car, the Together Car Club and a DAMN good burger. Def going to make this burger soon. Great work Alvin and crew, much love
SO glad this show is back
my name jeff
As a fellow chef he need to lose a couple pounds be healthy g I was in that shoe always eating my heart out
best food channel on the youtubes
That clean reverb on the “we out”
I'm 88 yrs old, they call me turtle and I ride a jumping car
Chicano lifestyle
Yo im filipino too
Pico in the House!
PICO WE ON!! lol
The title tricked me lol
I enjoyed the hell out of this.
Big host still rocking yeezys tho lol
Sounds fun
i fw this heavy
Homeboy looks like Paul senior the mariachi
I swear that was angry grandpa's son in the tumbnail !LMFAOOO
Riding real slow so you can count my spokes 😎
👌👌👌👌👌
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJ_LCy89Nt8
Art Laboe should have made a cameo with some smooches...
The host needs lay off the burgers
Beg exciting punishment sentiment recognition failure scene poverty cup lack group.
That's dope I need to be on this show
4:04 awwwh chawlie
Thank for video
Honestly I love cars and am a huge motorhead but i have never seen the appeal of low riders. Its like a horrible version of stanced cars but to each their own
Tight
Yuuuussssssss NOTHING better that sweet rides and home grilled burgers. Always charcoal ALWAYS
R.I.P x
awesome new episode :D
Was he even using the hydraulics at 1:24? 👀
My lowriding culture is not your goddamn rap music video!
Just cook the damn burger homes
Hotones...Burger show...pizza show are the best food shows on YouTube
I love this show, but this is a boring episode honestly. Could have gone into more detail how you made the burger, or more about the low-rider people
He forgot the foot lettuce
Whataburger!!!
7th lol
7:19 Hell yeah Thes One!
i think i have homies figures of each of these guys
Dope episode Chino!
Teaching burger cooks how to cook burgers
Chino, I want a burger!!!
Hit the like for the burgers. Ok I will.
4:57 what seasoning is that?
Dam this episode was badass!
I see hector over there with the spoon engines and t66 turbos....
This was annoying af. Be more natural dude.
its tooooo short.
Pico!!
Lowriders are gay
shitafornia
My bro you need to hit the gym doggie and stop eating burgers 🍔
Burger life is burger life, and car life is car life, regardless of the burger or the car.
All i c is shot callers and OG's
looks 12 months pregnant
Was this filmed in Mexicalifornia?
If anyone calls the city council cos of their BBQing needs to get a fade
need that rib meat burger!!!
30 VISITS !
pico tooowwnnnnnn!!!!!!! <3
this is awkward af..
x got shot
The patties ended up way smaller than the buns
I eat my boogers
Man this video right here took me back home to where I grew up at Pico Rivera plane RBI baseball for Rivera park going to El Rancho high school and like you Said your video Hanging out on Whittier Boulevard eating at Tommy’s Whittier and Passons Blvd and the In&out On Whittier Boulevard and the toco shack on passons that was a spot to go to when we got our lunch when I was going to El Rancho thanks again for putting Pico Rivera on the map and Sharing the great memories and the great times to have with friends and family kicking back barbecuing some great food and having some cold ones sure brought back a lot of good memories
What's the song at the end? He's naming all the burger spots in pasadena/ northeast la. Hi-life, Dinos and Lucky Boy!!!
Hell ya 👌
Can i take lessons from the guy who made those good looking ribs
Thats sick
Does noir still have a show
1:27 thought that was pickleboy. Or kidbehindacamera
this is just cool af
This ep made me even more determined to lose weight
If you like lowrides, go over with the ricers, not the car guys.
I think that dude should stick of burgers fro a few years. He's a walking heart attack.
who else wants to play San Andreas after this?
Man carne asada fries and burritos.
It's back! Yaaaaasssssss
My dream car
whats that outro song?
Confused about the patty prep. Did he sandwich two pre-made patties together because it looks like the patty separated on the once cooked?
fucking sausagefest
Excellent episode. Way to show the burgers, but do it a little different. As different as we all are, we all enjoy a good cooked meal.
Who else feel bad for this guy everyone he takes a bite
Beautiful
What was the song at the end?
cool .. id only hang with them if they had veggie options though :  /
LOL WAY TO FIND YOU SOME SCRAPAS RATAS
Burgers and cars never thought that’d be a duo
His burgers were splitting into 2. I think that's why the dude had to eat his with the tapatio to mask the idea that hes eating raw burger meat on the inside. Shit looked way underdone for me but I do like my burgers well done
where do find that song?
Si mon ese oooothalllleeee a your back is wet a
Pico Rivera is not East La its Pico Rivera. And burgers is not the product for lowriding.
We’re are the Women!!!!
Make the chicanos materialistically broke and physically morbid . . . and they'll love it and even accept it as their culture. :(
I want 1, 😢
Wholesome video
What is that song at the end
damn they look hella bomb lol
If Tim and Mario had a baby ?
Loved that! Very nice
Nice "I want to die at 50 while wearing 12 year old shades-club" you have there boys.
Whittier
This show is about burgers but all I'm seeing is a sausage party.
Lexicon?
8 minutes isn't enough
Feliz Navidad
Chinos are our latino cousins lol
orale
gay
Bunch of wannabees
I wish these guys were my uncles. Can I adopt them??
I dont like lowriders but i love the community behind them and thats what i respect, i love how no matter what, car culture brings more and more people together. Just as in the same way that food does, just because you dont like it, you still respect it because they put time, money and heart into that creation just in the same way as food.
E S E
What's the song in the end?
Real life GTA.
get a lift
Lol I was I would always see the car club a lot.
When is the presentor getting a heart attack
This episode makes no sense. Talks about how serious they are about their backyard burgers, then shows no examples, tastes none of theirs, and cooks one instead he made up.... And then he ate some ribs. What. Is. This. Show.
man old people are cool!
They don't even bang tho
Song at the end?
i thought it was a gang, then dude said his sister died of cancer and i believed they were a club
Yo whats the song at the end??? Somebody knows? Tell me, i'll pay in burgers!
Look at these soi boys
What are the shades big homie is wearing?
Ahhhhhh ok... they sound so fake interested lol
wholesome
Vatos Locos !
I am glad to see The Burger Show back! It was the reason I subscribed to begin with! Alvin is a great host
Song at the end?
They're just cars guys.... Take a chill pill
Pls less cars more burgers
What's the name of the song near the end
Title...me:one word.......mexicans
Thought that was Pickleboy in the thumbnail
Peng
God I love being Mexican.
This is America
What a fun episode
cool
If you guys make a show based on tacos, nachos and stuff, you should called it "Nacho Average Show" And you can explore different types of nachos.
Real good use of their time and money.
Paddle? So they’re kinky bottoms is what I’m hearing.
My name is Tom, everyone calls me Tom.
I just gotta say this....





Low riders are fucKn gay
5:22 Jesus christ,, eric koston has piled on the weight!
I want that burger ....   o.o
fake cheese, im out
Cool
This is what it is all about. Doesn't matter if you're in California with lowriders and burgers, or in Mississippi with ribs and jacked up trucks. This is what weekends are for. Grab a beer and grill something.
What glasses is he wearing 1:56 ???????
good show, bad host
Im hungry
Im from east los angeles hazard n floral.  I miss tommys original hamburgers.  They dont have them here in az. Az food sucks big time. I miss all L.A food.
Is it me or does it just seem like this guy just wants burgers.
Man them burgers and lowriders are dope thank God Mexicans made these dope as rides
Love all the people on a food channel, moaning about the weight of a host on a food show... If your life was so amazing why you on here hating on a chef trying to make a name for himself ? Get a life stop always judging every single thing as if your existence is so much better and meaningful.
Dumb episode
What song is that at the end?
Carne asada fooo.....
Fat burger.
Where can i get that asada seasoning?  Is it in stores?
song any one ?
You can eat all of these burgers, but still maintain your shape & health. This guy is headed for gallbladder surgery.
What song is this? Shits pretty tight
A bit akward
I don't trust fat cooks. They think burger king burgers are good...
Honestly this episode was very lacking. The entire first half of the video was about lowriders. The lowrider scene in Los Angeles was/is not an influential part of burger history/innovation. Sure, SoCal has a great spot in burger history and burger greatness, but this was the absolute wrong place to focus. Tiny Naylor's, In-N-Out, The Apple Pan...shit just an episode with SoCal burger fanatics would have been way more appropriate. What about In-N-Out's special sauce? Their Animal Style? What makes a patty melt great and what happened at Tiny Naylor's in the mid-20th century? I'd like to learn about burger history, innovation, cookery, etc. and this didn't provide any of that. That's just my opinion as a burger fanatic.
An obese dude shoving burgers in his mouth is not a great way to glamorize grub Complex...
Are there no woman? I like this episode. Just looking for one female....
Sorry don't wanna get robbed or stabbed. I'll make my own food.
Where the homegirls at? Buncha batos
no green thing for me, it looks disgusting.
That’s what’s up I’m from South El Monte should’ve took this to legg lake
The comments about the host are real funny tbh. Ok, I get you are worried about his health and shit, but nobody asked your opinion, nor is important. The guy is an adult person, capable of making his own decisions. You guys need to worry about the decisions YOU make in YOUR life and leave the host be. If he wants to reach to someone to loose weight, good. If he doesn't, also good. Anyways, love the show.
Can someone explain to me why lowriders are a thing? Don't see any harm in it, I just don't quite "get" it.
How to be gay 101 don't ever confuse East LA with Pico Rivera it's like China and America
Chubby Cholos,   didn't they used to be scary or at least a little scary, why is everybody so fat, makes me want to tease them or tickle 'em ?
This dude is disgusting to look at. Kills my appetite.
Dat dude is fat  AF. 😥
Those cars are such a huge waste of money
I hate how close to home this is
Disgusting, medium or rare is for steaks not for any type of minced meat burger patties.
Maybe get different channels for different shows yeah? Subbed for hot ones, unsubbing because of whatever this is.
This dude is diabetes
Cars are supposed to go forward and sometimes back. Not up and down 🤣😂🤣😂🤣
PINCHE CHINO GORDO COCHINO JAJA PONTE A CORRER
Everyone's gonna get fat!
Shite
Very cool
2:55 Right Right Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right  Right
so tite
Kids.. this is what your parents told you not to be....it's not low riders... its low lifes. Faggots
I'm not that "typical" angry commenter like most of the hate regarding this video. Honestly this was useless. A staggeringly obese filipino pretending to be from the "hood"  and quick shots of a "latino car group" pretending to be legit. "Hey guys lets all get together and pretend like we have something in common"
Those are some of the gayest cars I've ever seen
PUTS!
low riders just look incredibly lame tbh
This fat jap's cholesterol has to be over 1000
This show really sucks
First
this show needs a emmy for its extreme diversity in journalism its not one sided when it comesto the food culture
This is a burger show...not a car show.
Dude really doesn't need any more burgers. This seems like enabling.
It'd make sense if he were a good witty smooth host, or provided better content than "Grilling burgers defines LA" ...man we grill burgers everywhere all summer long, there's nothing unique about this except... low riders? Nothing to do with burgers. Totally off the wall concept, nothing learned.
Pico is not East Los its like 25 to 30 minutes away from East Los Whittier Boulevard is East LA. Pico is on the outskirts of LA if you're gonna to talk about La go to LA not Pico. SMH👌
i like burgers alot. and cars , but the production and script on this vid, just sucked,  wtf is going on First We Feast eh ??  hope u all, have'nt lost a step.  Id be sad, man
I don't watch this show for two reasons 1 I'm already fat, like I don't want to watch another big dude slobber over some food... And it's not hot ones.
ALVIN'S BACK, BURGER SQUAD!! What's your favorite L.A. burger spot?
I love this series. I'm going to miss it when he gets his heart attack.
West coast guy says west coast is the “ground zero” of [insert thing]
I love this show and I love Alvin. Alvin please for the sake of the show, shave your beard.
Who thought it was a good idea to show Alvin shirtless
my man is gonna die soon if he doesn't make a change.  looks beyond unhealthy.
havent been to L.A. in decades but Apple Pan has always had a soft spot in my heart
Been waiting for this for a hot minute
YES! I was afraid this was a one season show! I can't wait!
Hey! Alvin showing some burger love on the west coast.
I hate u already
YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!! #westcoast!! I'm soooo glad season 2 is in a few days AND that its gonna be in LA! Thanks #FirstWeFeast for answering prayers ❤❤❤❤
TOMMYS if the SHIT. they have the best burgers eaten there for the past 30+ years
say what you want but L.A. metro is Burger Town.

used to live in Gardena and there are at least 15 burger spots (not including chains) in a 6 square miles city.
Can't wait!
Moms burger in Compton

Hawks burgers in Watts
Hyped AF
Sean should be the host of every show on FWF. You know that, right?
Man do I miss Tommy's! Can't wait to see that episode.
Fuccccckkkkkk YESSSSSS
Finally season two, I've been looking forward to this :D
Alvin im worried about your health.

But yay burgers.
Man, Fresno, CA has some of the best burgers I have ever had in my life.
Can't wait, love this series. Welcome back Alvin!!
Actually, burger central runs a line from Texas up through the mid-west.  You had an expert on your show talk about this.
FINNALY!!!!! Been waiting for so long
So hyped 👐
Love this series but y'all had 6 ~10min episodes, how does that warrant a 'NEW SEASON' 😂
Center of burger culture??? HELL NO!!  Sushi , kale and fish tacos  maybe. Defiantly NOT burgers.
So excited for season 2! Season 1 was awesome, bring it!
Y'all hit up Tommy's? Haha idk bro kinda sus. Nobody hits up Tommy's here in daygo
Just found this video! Perfect because I fly into LA tomorrow!
If your ever in Nc you should stop by Next Door Bistro in Henderson Nc for awesome burgers and other good culinary comfort food ! 
    219 Garnett St
I think you meant Los Angeles is the burger epicenter of SoCal LOL
Times sure have changed.. just watched a preview willingly on Youtube.
Yes!!! Already watched a dozen times...bring it on!!!
man this show was LIT the first time round... can't wait for the new seson man!
Could have sworn this dude was an egg man bruh. Why aren't you fighting sonic my guy?
lmfao all these east coasters out like salty fries
yo Sean.. love your content keep it up.. you inspire me
Broo Tommy's looks lit af 🔥
Love YOU Alvin! Love this show and I’m super stoked for season 2!
I'm from cali and it's not about burgers. It's about tacos lol.
You have to try out Fathers Office and Westside Tavern
YES!!!!  So Excited!!
Missed you Alvin. <3
Tommy's is better than in-n-out
Why glorify tacky people...
Brilliant first season was epic
I just love Alvin! He’s so sweet and awesome
One of the only shows on planet Earth worth watching.
Imagining sitting in a pool  with a beanie on
So when is his next heart bypass surgery?
Season 2 HYPE!
Lmao!!!!!!! This video is hilarious. I love this show don't get it twisted. But as a born and raised New Yorker that now has been living in Los Angeles for the past couple of years I know Los Angeles food and burger game ain't shit!
Alvin is a motherhugging beast!
duck you and duck you! mother duckers!!
Review IHOB :)
God damn I'm hungry for this
This guy doesn't deserve to be in the same room as Seth Rogan.
1:22 is a sick album cover ready to happen.
Jesus Alvin when this is said and done I think you need to make it the salad show !
This dude is gonna be dead by season 3
LMAO IS THAT THE FLEX SEAL GUY AT 0:30
The dudes whole left neckbeard is gone, he even covers it with an elvis collar when he takes photos to cover it.
Brought here by my inner fat kid, sold by that 🔥 ending lol
LA ABOUT TO BURGER LITTTTTTTY
Yes! I'm going to L.A. this August for my birthday. I will be eating a bunch of burgers there.
Whose music (track) was use from 0:59 - 1:09???
YEESSSSSSS!
Put Lil' dicky on hot ones.
How many burger Mecca's are there boi?
I want a chezburger
The next person you should put on hot ones is Quest love
Motherfucker is quickly turning into a burger
👍🤤🤤🤤🤤👍
nice.
Lets be honest Alvin's body fat woulda been enough so he doesnt drown in the pool. Didnt need a tube. Lmao
What about South Central LA??
Best YouTube series ever
Please have L.A. Beast on your show!!!!
AAAALVIIIIIIN!!!
this show STINKS.
Give Alvin a ukulele so he can sing somewhere over the rainbow.
Wasn’t a fan of this show.
HYPEEEE
Alvin and the cheeseburgers
Damn, so much hate in these comments already. Just enjoy the greasy, cheesy, saucy goodness of these awesome burgers. And Seth Rogen of course.
yeeeeeessssssss
Hope dude doesnt have a heart attack
I’m prepared for the salivating
Hell yea! This looks tight!!!
Another series about people from LA patting themselves on the back . I'll pass, and go get a better burger out here in what they call the "flyover states", instead.
Alvin i love you and your show but nah man. When was the last time you have seen beef cattle in LA? Shit aint fresh get a burger in Kansas.
Go for a run or somthin guys not gonna live to long
But wait you make a burger show, in Los Angeles, and don't mention BURGER PLANET? Are you kidding me?
Damn dude stop eating burgers. You are looking like one. Like a melting double pounder. With chunks hanging on the sides
The Anthony Bourdain of burgers
I really dont think theres any style of food in Florida besides meth
Yeah Boiiiiii!
I kinda peed a little when I saw that the Burger Show was back...
plz lose weight for ur health.  not trying to be mean i just dont like seeing people unhealthy
My blood pressure is rising
I roll a joint to watch this an it was just the treiler jajaja im to marihuano
Oh, I could never hate you, Alvin.
like legit gotta get real bout the food
I enjoy watching people eat good food, but I do not enjoy watching obese people eat.
0:38 is that "great women"? You need glasses!
go to Melbourne sean legit you wanna talk about a food city come Melbourne Australia ill even let you stay at mine if you come from the 30th of june to the 6 of july any date from there u welcome at mine i live in city think bout it for real
Cant wait!!!
Three Pond's burger in Vermont is where it's at, handground sirloin with appewood smoked bacon in the mix.
I get that all he does is eat food so it’s probably hard for him to lose weight... or whatever. But can’t he clean up and at least fix his horrible facial hair or something?
you guys WEREN'T in LA? wtf
Sorry this has nothing to do with this video but you guys should try to get tech n9ne on a episode of the hot ones that would be a great interview
I am hyped
Wow you brought this cringe fest back?
amazing trailer!
More burger show
glad this is back
Omg what a tease!!!
Get a new host.
It's picky I know but can we get these videos sorted out in to series 1 & 2 etc
🤤🤤🤤
Please make this dude review saled insted
Honestly I might only person who just wants to know where he got the giant hamburger float from
THIS WON'T BE PINNED BY FIRST WE FEAST.
Are there only like 4 eps per series? Anyone know how many s1 had?
It’s finally back yes!!
Great, have no idea. Im in florida
Shit looks good
Damn thought this was over due to poor performance. Sucks to see it back.
iHoB
Seth Rogen tho? Ugh
This guy doesn't need anymore burgers..
I can't believe how grotesquely obese this culture can be.
what a nice dog
Happy this is back I thought it was going to be done.
Why am I watching this while fasting
Bring yg back
Bring yg back
Bring yg back
LOL he had that chef that looked like seth rogan on his show, and now he actually got seth rogan
I grew up in the Constitution State and Ground Zero is the Elm City!!!! Louies!
Great 👍😁🍔
#1 APPELE PAN. !!!!!!!!! canyonlocalfilmscom
I got heart disease just watching
Where is Sean?
Is this on TV or is it a youtube series?
Lol
Why do Asian people love acting black?
حماس!! i can’t wait
Can't hate on burgers, not matter where they are made ...
if he lost all that weight he would look like ben baller lol
so season one was three episodes?
Oh thank god I thought this show was dead! Can't wait for the new season!
This dude will die in 3 years if he doesn't change.
oh how i waited.
If you don't visit Hinano Cafe in Venice then don't bother at all.
First season was 3-4 episodes??
Ii honestly don't understand why so many people live in LA. If you've ever been there you'll see how kind of shitty many parts of it are. Add terrible traffic to that, and I wonder why people love it there.
Lose some weight, it's good for ya
Not trying to be mean...
Here's a thought. Watch this show because you love to explore and learn new things about hamburgers. Stop focusing and commenting about the man's weight. If you can't, don't watch, and don't comment. --- Alvin, keep up the great work! I love this show and can't wait for the next season.
bruh.... lose some weight before you literally die an early death....
Please get a new host, this guy is the worst
Seth Rogen? Epic
OK. Trailer worthy, was hoping for a one on one but this looks awesome and dat big chubby dude (guess which one) is funny as fukt. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Well my complex relationship with this show is only getting more complicated! Now you're gonna have me all food-jealous again AND missing living in LA :'( Glad it's coming back for season 2!
First
I spent a few years in California and found it to have some of the most bland food I have ever had, that most definitely includes the mediocre in and out burger, tastes just like McDonald's.
If any other city can lay claim to an obsessive burger culture it’s LA. The cheeseburger was INVENTED in LA. The California-style burger which is lettuce, tomato, onions and American cheese is now considered the typical burger toppings, because everyone copied the style. Shake-Shack might arguably be considered better than In-N-Out in some circles, but guess what? It’s a California-style burger.  McDonalds originated here before it was a franchise (and when it was actually good). In-N-Out, nuff said. And those aren’t even brushing the surface of the countless fast-food burgers in LA.  Drive-thrus, Googie architecture, grease pit diners, ...route 66, all of it evokes LA in the 60s. And the food? Burgers. If LA isn’t a taco town, it’s a burger town. So yeah, the history and respect is there.
"Why is there an American flag on the burger, Bob."

"It's the 'Fry me to the Moon' burger, Teddy.  The little space man there, and the flag, like the moon."

"Croissants are French, Bob.  They're French."

"I know they're French, but the moon is... ugh...  Just eat it Teddy."

Practically writes itself.
''Everything thats happened on bobs has happened to somebody''

Please tell me if anyone has ever fallen into a huge tub of butter at a lobster festival.
"Is that cocaine?"
"No, its salt..."
"ᴼʰ, ᵗʰᵃᵗ'ˢ ᶠᶦⁿᵉ"
I like that he doesnt over act when eating good food.... sometimes i get tired of seeing Bronson throw things and run around and hug and kiss the chef every time he eats a chicken nugget...
He sounds as lifeless as Bob too
I love that he doesn't change his voice for Bob, he is Bob.
PASS.. the cranberry sauce, we're havin' mashed potatoes!  Oh the turkey looks great..  Thank you for lovin' me... Thank you for bein' there...
The first time I saw the show it creeped me out because that is basically my family. My family owns a hamburger restaurant. My dad has a mustache and a bald spot on his head and combs his hair to kind of cover it. My mom is energetic and they are both at the restaurant. I have a younger sister that is an evil and can be so manipulative and everyone likes her lol. And my younger brother is chubby and he used to annoy us with his music and wistling. I wear glasses and had bangs when I was younger and I'm the eldest. My parents always had us working at the restaurant when we were kids and we had regulars come over. It's so close to home that when I showed my family they laughed and were so surprised.
4:09
"baby spinach"
Closeup of arugula
Man, it really hurts my heart that everyone’s hating on the host. It kind didn’t seem like they vibed, but you could tell he was absolutely trying his best, and he’s a huge fan that really cared about the interview and burger. I think it just has to do with their comedic styles being a little off and the editing, which has been super weird on some First We Feast shows recently. Did they get a new editor?
Cocaine? No, this is salt oh....
My burger limit is also 8
Bob's Burgers was originally about cannibals? What....
Mans gotta net worth of 6 mil but dresses like a stoner 😂
H. Jon Benjamin’s sense of comedic timing in real life is exactly the same as it is in both Bob’s Burgers and Archer
Archer would be roasting the chef
Fry me to the moon
Let me play among the sauce
Let me see how spring onions
Are on, that tender char 

In other words, hold my tongs
In other words, let's all dig in

Fill my hungry soul
And let me belch, forever more
You are all I long for, 
All I worship, and adore

In other buns, with blue cheeeeese
In other buns, oh pretty please?
It's like if Archer took some Valium and sat down to do a taste test video of Bob's Burgers. 😉😂😂
"It's been my dream to come up with my own burger of the day... hopefully one day it'll make it on the show?"
No.
"Who knows?"
No
“I hope I don’t eat a toothpick...





Cause then I’ll die”
I'm from Canada so I like when Louise said DAM U CANANDA or somethin like dat
Having never seen the VA for bob or Archer, it’s weird seeing ‘their’ voice come out of his face. Also those burgers look amazing.
PLEASE get him on Hot Ones please!
LOL XD every time he talks I always picture Bob
H. Jon Benjamin looked like he didn't wanna be there at all. Like when your girl makes you go to her parent's house or something and you have to make small talk with her dad.
9:08 Jon takes a second and thinks "probably really shouldn't be honest"
All I hear is archer
Now I know where the Teddy thinks his name is  Bob Burger joke came from
His voice for Bob Belcher is just his normal voice. Lmao.
Jon is sooo checked out of this. It seemed like he was dragged kicking and screaming to this filming. Burgers look great, though.
I’m closing my eyes through this video and I’m seeing archer and bob 😂
Ha, Jon dressed like Teddy
Itd be a real trip if they used the name and made an episode around bob learning new ways to cook burgers such as frying them.
Part of me really wish  Bob was really real.
What an a-mazing episode. Keep 'em coming guys and please make more of them in each season. You don't need to reduce supply to keep the novelty of it alive, the show is way awesome. Unless the issue is that Alvin doesn't have the time to do more of them in which case I'll shut my trap.
cocaine flavoured human burger... amazing
H jon Benjamin is like one of my favorite people. And his voice is like angels in my ears.
Alvin REALLY needs a writer
Does anyone else think Bob is actually voice acting for HIM?
I feel wierd watching this man speak and hear Bob's voice come out 😂
A wild Babish appears Wait...
I LOVED Jon is Home Movies and he's awesome on Bob's Burgers. Coach Mcguirk is one of my favorite characters of all time. The Sleep study episode is s8 gold.
There needs to a burger of the day book!!!
Solid episode, but that awkward moment where he hasn't watched enough of Bobs Burgers to know not to credit Bob with the Baby You Can Chive My Car Burger  in front of Bobs VA, hah
Is it wrong to putt John Benjamin‘s voice at the top of the list next to master chief bc they have God like voices. I mean come on guys just listen to the voices and smile and know that they have the most beautiful voices. Lol
"Cocaine?"

"This is salt."

"Oh, that's fine..."
Oh, another episode where he talks about smoking.
He is my favorite voice actor. Archer and bob are perfect
Why does everyone in the comments think this is an interview video?? Haha it's the burger show!!! Love you Alvin!! And Complex!!!
4:09 Sir that's arugula
He sounds EXACTLY like Bob; it's crazy!
finally someone who sounds like what they look like
Positive tip for you and English speakers, the OU in Gouda is pronounced as the OU in pronounce :D cheers
There should be a horror Halloween Bob's burgers episode when It's a alt reality of them being cannibals and to see how the show could've been if it passed.
Is this guy on tranquilizers ? 
Be ready for a benzo overdose.
Love Bob's Burgers, by the way, and the voice actor, Mr. Benjamin is amazing. But on a totally different note, that other guy who hosts the show, can't be in good health.
This episode has made me appreciate Bob's Burgers more😍
as soon as he starts speaking  a bob animation appears in my head
H. Jon Benjamin is such a great person, my god.
I like how we got a mix of Bob Belcher and Sterling Archer when H. Jon Benjamin did the apology for taking credit on Greed is Gouda Burger with that drink. Love it!
He doesn’t look like he sounds 😂♥️ I love his voice! Archer is a great show!
I love the way he delivers the jokes in a very dry stone face way, that makes the host go "is this a joke?".
That "Fry Me to the Moon Burger" looked so good!
ALVIN! YOUR FOOD TRUCKS NAME! OMG IM DYING! xD love the name man. love the show!
I believe his beard is growing to the side
bUrGer KIng foOT letTuCE
You got to have one of the most interesting lunches, I can only imagine the conversations between Ben Katz, Coach Mcguirk, Archer, Bob, The Master, Carl and that dude with the beard.
I have had a few of Bob’s Burgers. A Good Manchego is Hard to Find Burger is my favorite so far.
😐 Cocaine...? ROFL!😂
I've never wished I was actually a part of one of these episodes but man that was just such a chill, down to earth evening... wish I coulda smashed some burgers with these dudes, H Jon is dope af.
depends on what John is saying, i eighter picture  Bob or Archer in my head XD
"Cocaine?"
"Salt"
Man Jon is amazing. So chill. Oh ma goddddd
As soon as I saw the "Baby You Can Chive My Car" burger I clicked
S T E R L I N G
7:59 did he just say cocaine or ok? xD
That looks really good.





I'm hungry.
I have such a crush on H. Jon Benjamin
I love Bob's Burgers! Great show to watch Stoned or Sober.  Also a fan of Archer. H. John Benjamin has a great voice.
I first heard him as a character on an episode of Family Guy. A manager of a store the kids worked at...
He was also in a show called People of Earth. Pretty good show!
Burgers are LIFE and so is this Show!
Jon h Benjamin just doesn’t seem impressed
First one looked great. I would have thrown chives on a gorgonzola sauce. But the fried pickles were brilliant!!!
will there be more burger show episodes? i have been waiting for one. for a pretty long while actually...lol
I do not care if this burger makes the show, but I want to make this. Looks amazing! Fry ME to the Moon!
I recognize Jim more as Coach McGuirk than Bob personally 
His voice is instantly recognizable
This is a surreal experience for me
lol Alvin kept those few tricks he learned from the Burger Scholar :P
I was like 😝
I eat all my food Vonderplanitz style but I keep coming back to burger videos and pizza videos.
this chef sounds like tina
Love your show guys! Learned alot how to make your breakfest,brunch,and dinner for my family!
Your burgers are inventive,and the varieties are creative!! Plus, you explain step by step how to cook and assemble the ingedients! Bravi!!!
I just hear Bob 💀
I love this btw!!!!!! And love Bob’s burgers
"I have a burger limit. I can only eat like eight"

Ill remember that one
"FOR SANDWICHES!"
I love that I can look forward to multiple First we Feast videos a week. Loving the series, keep it up guys!
Everyone knows him from Bob's Burgers, but I know him as Archer. lol
This somehow made me feel, like they were totally uncomfortable with each other. Obviously it's more like a conversation and not scripted, but this felt like no one wanted to really be there and had no pacing at all.
Those burgers omg
I keep hearing Benjamin Katz.

"I can only eat like... 8"
I was waiting for "Alvin. Alvin. ALLLLVVVVVIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNN!"

"WHHHHAAAAAAAAT?!?"
I find it weird that we've gone from listening to the interview target to now, listening to the interviewers opinions and experiences.  within the first three minutes we hear H. Jon Benjamin say about ten words.
LANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Everytime he opens his mouth to speak I start laughing.
He’s having having a burger with archer
It's so weird to mix Archer and Bob at the same time in some occasions of this video xD
But then again, the crossover happened for a reason. Brilliant!
hot ones with Michael from vsauce... do it
More importantly.... Archer
eggs woodhouse with this guy would be lit
Where I live there is actually a bobs burgers down town
As someone who thinks the burger is by far the best meal ever... I am pleasantly pleased with this content. Love it all!
Hmm... Let's see. I got locked in a facility, like Bob. Got myself out tho
youse guys mentioning
 coach mcgurk remember eho made that show? brendan small, the guy responsible for metalocalypse.
Where I live we don't have bobs burgers on Netflix or on tv, so whenever I hear him speak I only hear Sterling Archer.
I like to season it
Cocaine?
This is... salt
Okay... that's, fine.
What's your favorite "Burger of the Day" on Bob's Burgers?
"I'm gonna season it."
"...Cocaine?"
"This is...salt."
"That's....fine...."

lmao
He's better in archer
I love H. Jon Benajmin. I have since Dr Katz days. I think he has a unique voice.
This amazing. How did I not get the notification for this????
Before I saw Bob’s Burgers I thought it looked dull, but then I watched it and it’s an amazing show and everyone should watch it.
All of Jon's comments, while he was making the 'Fry Me to the Moon' burger, could've been said by Louise while Bob makes the burger.
'Is that cow meat or human?'
"I like to season it-" 'cocaine?'
"everything's shaped like a crescent-" 
THIS IS KILLING ME I CANT NOT PICTURE BOB OR ARCHER STOP
! Feature the chefs burger on “bob’s burger of the day board”!!!!
Hehe
Love Bob's Burgers 👍👍🔥🔥🔥
Whenever I see the actors behind the cartoon voices my imagination implodes in on itself
YASSSS BRING ME BURGER OF THE DAY VIDEOS!! love the show and would absolutely love to see more!
Isn’t he the guy from archer too?
In Brazil Bob's was the first fast food chain, it was created by a former tennis player called Bob Falkenburg.
.
.
.
Oh, and by the way: Bob is still alive.
I LOVE BOBS BURGERS 🍔
@bingingwithbabish you should should cook for them, make a mini series. Or a cookbook tour.
jon benjamin is sort of blazied about the ok interview.
Love H. Jon Benjamin! He had me laughing out loud more than once!
Cypress Grove baby! Humbolt Fog, one of the worlds greatest cheeses! Now that that's out of the way, great ep, love bob's burgers!
H. Jon Benjamin for hot ones video please....
hi there
this show is sooo good! mouthsalivating, I can almost feel the taste of these burgers.. after a couple of episodes i feel full :D
Alvin \{^o^}/
I'm a sucker for melted feta on a burger. I want to eat the first one soooo badly.
Holy Krap @ Chef Alvin !  I am a-meat-ee-atley gonna make some Feta Burgers ...
Bro it's so wierd that the guest dude sounds like, exactly like bob from bobs burgers (it's a show) dude it is such a wild coincidence that the guest for the bobs burgers episode sounds exactly like bob from bobs burgers
Who remembers Home Movies !? Coach McGirk!
@First We Feast
Oh great. Now I feel like eating some burgers. 🤤 ... and watching Bob’s Burger. 😖
It's awesome you guys got the guy that does Bob's voice IRL.
I believe the original pilot of Bob's Burgers is on Youtube. Jon didn't even mention Tina was a man.
we need Woodhouse's Burger
Alvin sounded kinda tired throughout the vid
This channel is dying quickly.
This guy sounds really like Archer, however that would be impossible, in fact I would be very shocked to find out he voices Archer...
All I wanted them to say was this is call the crosstronaut  burger 😩
Archer and Bob love burgers and I love all 3 of them
I hear Bob, and Archer, with subtle undertones of a can of vegetables.
He sounds so much like archer/bob in his regular voice it's insane. still both shows are great.
8:00 danger zone!
Not sure how I'm just discovering this channel, as a fledgling burger maker... I love it!
I truly enjoyed this video except . . .

If I remember correctly "Bob" does not approve or like to say/hear that other burgers are good or better.
Does anyone else rememember that?
A burger on a croissant? Whoa!
“Baby Spinach.” 
uses arugula
The hot ones chefs were like “overruled!”
I loveeeeee Bob’s Burgerssssss 😩😩👏🏾👏🏾😂😂
His character voice is his completely normal voice
Those burgers are indeed undercooked. I would fear for my life eating undercooked ground beef lol.
@4:08 when did baby spinach look like arugula
I love this episode 👍🍔❤is a real thing 💯💯💯💯
Archer sterling 
What mother!?!??
Wait that's not baby spinach. That's arugula ! @4:09
jon's voice is trippin me out. it's like eating beside bob himself
You guys all hear Bob but i hear the legendary Coach McGuirk
That fry me to the moon is ART
I love Bob's Burgers Louise is my favorite character
Makes a burger with American flag on it..... uses Dutch cheese XD
Long as it's not made from human flesh..
H. Jon  - Never has to change voices for every character. Best job ever.
Dead show??
It's crazy that's his real voice
Fry me to the moon, lol.  Would love to see this on the show!
Coach McGuirk is still the best H. Jon Benjamin voiced character imo.
It was a good video because H. Jon Benjamin but the check was a little low energy...didn't get a lot Benjamin's jokes...which is...well dude knows how to cook
That's pretty good brenden.
This was pretty weird hearing Bobs voice as he eating his burgers.... Side note... this is one of the best voicest ever... Coach McGuirk and Jason... favorites... Oh and Ben from Dr. Katz too
I didn't know H.Jon Benjamin is a COW whisperer..
Jon's personality is like a really chill and reasonable version of Archer.
what i really want is another season of Bob’s Burgers 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
A American flag on top of a croissant?
You and John should make this a reoccurring segment
Bob Burgers eating Bob's Burgers.
Baby spinach ? That was rocket, lol !
That "Fry me to the moon" burger looks delicious. I'm from TN and fried/steak burgers done right are amazing.  :)
You should have attempted
The Meatssiah!
Or an Archer burger.
A cheeseburger with a side of Vicodin and bourbon minus the cheeseburger.
It could also be trying burgers with archer. Danga Zone
I was waiting for an archer joke or reference
You have HAVE to make Fry me to the moon and sell it in a restaurant OMG...Talk about perfection!
First We Feast is becoming a YOUTUBE ESSENTIAL. As a long time cook, and food industry worker, I totally dig the shows, and Hot Ones is coming along AMAZINGLY, Charlize Theron!? Are you kidding. Probably the most real super hot actress in the history of Hollywood, badass, and the open talk about Monster was great, that was a huge risk for her!
That guy sounds like Archer from Archer, weird.
Are u trying to get me to watch ur YouTube videos? 

Because that’s how u get me to watch ur YouTube videos.
"I'm just gonna season it"  "...Cocaine?"  😂
Watched every EP so far and the "Baby you can Chive my Car" burger is certainly one of the ones I was most curious about. Nearly painful to see that sucker prepared.
It's amazing that he doesn't put on airs for his voicework; that's just the man's voice. I'll always know him as Coach McGuirk
Oh my god he sounds just like bob from bobs burger
#Frymetothemoon
He's also the Arby's guy
Has bob ever done a "number of the beast" burger? Inspired by Iron Maiden, it's loaded with hot sauces, plural, jalapeño, just everything, c'mon
I'm delighted knowing H Jon Benjamin knows the correct way to wear a beanie
Damn that brotha has a personality so bone dry, I'm thirsty geez!
I"ve never seen two people wearing stocking caps inside before
H. Jon Benjamin has an interesting energy level.
Coach McGuirck ya'll. That's who he really is.
Not really a fan of the host
Is the Fry Me to the Moon recipe available anywhere?
Lol "I speak for all chefs when I saw 'we love your show.'"
I did a great job right?
Oh god, Ever since I saw the "Baby you can chive my car burger" on Bob's Burger. I always wanted to try and make that. never tried! it looked great here! and the "Fry me To the Moon Burger" looks awesome! And just a big WOW to doin this with good ol' H. Jon!!!
I shall wait for the day that episode airs on Bobs Burgers.
Love that show, love this video, I'm actually thinking of making my own burger as a response, what do you think?
Culturally appropriated the croissant 😂
I love how Jon was always polite, always a good sport, but never acts out with fake hype like he's more excited about something than he actually is.
Guys Arugula isnt the same as baby spinach wth xDD
Omg! The burgers at this place are SO GOOD!  I went during the event!
My mouth got so watery I thought I would drown for a minute
it made it to the show!
It feels like Bob or Archer dubbed over his voice.
fry me to the moon looks really good
2nd burger; this looks like arugula, not spinach
Hopefully it'll make it one day onto the show...?
no...no....
ARCHER! Always will be ARCHER!!
How did you make the sour cream and chive sauce? Anyone
I love him. He's great as archer, was a great addition in master of none, and he makes the yahoo fantasy football ads way better
I need to make that moon burger. Looked and sounds absolutely amazing.
I have always......always....always loved H.Jon Benjamin since I was so young. His voice just automatically made me a fan. I watch anything hes in!!! 😂😂👍🌹 hes so beautiful. 😢
H Jon Benjamin is the MAN!
Where’s Sean???????
I think I might make a slightly different version of that fry-me-to-the-moon burger.
tina: huh huh huh huh huh HUH HUH HUH
If H. Jon Benjamin is in it, I'll watch it. I love that guy.
"LANAAAAAAA!!!"
Easy fix for the Greed is Gouda burger name. They made a Wall Street sequel. Plop a 2 at the end, you should be good. If you're pressured to modernize it, use 2.0
Lol that apology was very Bob-like xD made the video even better in my opinion
Croissant is pronounced 'qua-saw,' not 'crus-aunt.'  A professional chef should know this better than Jon, who got it almost dead on, haha.
Alvin has serious bed beard lol
"I'm making this burger with Gouda cheese, because of the movie Wall Street..."
"Neat, listen..."
"Guess what we call it?"
"The Greed is Gouda burger?"
"Wow... that's... actually better..."
"It's all yours..."
Let slip the hogs of war!!
My wife and I make one of these burgers from the Bobs Burgers cook book per month. They've all been amazing!
Love that man, Great episode! Love Burgers!!
Why would you not put fries on the "fry me to the moon"??? I'm stomping around angry as hell about this!!
The chefs beard is getting on my nerves swaying to one side lol
I have a professor who looks just like Jon Benjamin. Blessing and a curse.
The fried burger started in my city. Yay?
Put the burger down and pick up a razor big guy.
Close your eyes and you hear his characters
Shouts out ro Humboldt county and cypress grove
They should have him on again but for cocktails or any alchoholic beverage since hes on archer
I love jobs burgers and it's so strange 2 see a real person with Bob's voice  lol
When do we get another burger show!!!
H. Jon Benjamin reminds me soooo much of Jon Stewart.
Alvin seems really chill and a cool dude to hang out with, but this man has to change his eating habits and fix his health man.
Put some dreads on H. Jon Benjamin and he would look just like Adam Duritz from Counting Crows
I like to season it-
Cocaine?

HAHA
I wish I could be on to sample some of this food
As much as i love you guys, this but this should've been with Babish.
You should make The "black  garlic burger" also
Bring H. Jon Benjamin back and make eggs woodhouse. Please. Please. Please!!!
H. Jon Benjamin's voice is my spirit animal
DANG IT NOW BOB AND ARCHER IS RUINED FOR ME NOW THAT IVE SEEN THE VOICE ACTORS FACE😤😭😭😭
should have added croissant before moon fry me to the the croissant moon
John Benjamin has a van! 
Loved that show.
Bob's Burgers and vegana are two of my favorite things.
After every first bite I was hoping for him to say "oh my god"
5:10 "Hopefully my burger will one day make it on the show" Jon: "no... no...." lmao
I would LOVE to chill with H Jon  Benjamin!
loved this one best ep so far keep it up
I wonder if it was kosher?
I love everything that H Jon Benjamin does.
This man is a genius
I got an awkward vibe from H. Jon Benjamin. Anyone else?
ALL I HEAR IS BOB!
Bobs burger is the best animation show ever!!!!!!!
As one of those rare fans who was an Archer fan first, I go back and forth from Archer to Bob everytime he talks 😂
Anytime I hear his voice I picture archer/bob seeing him in the flesh is bothering me lol
Thanks First We Feast!!!!! So great!!!! I love Bob and all those burgers looks great!
Who ever disliked this is probably a vegan
It's been over a month, are you not doing any more episodes?
Love all your characters from home movies, archer to Bobs Burgers.
Pube beard
One of the best shows ever in my personal opinion
the croiss-stronaught
What a great video! Jon is such a real and likeable person.
as soon as I stopped hearing Archer while watching bob's burgers, I watch this video and now all I hear is Archer again lol
Me: Am I the only one who doesn't like Bob's Burgers?
Internet: Yes.
poor guy is gonna be dead sooner than me
I closed my eyes the entire video and imagine this is an interview with a sober archer.
Being from the Netherlands I didnt understand that Gouda was Gouda because of the pronunciation until they showed it written out.
Bob Belcher and Sterling Archer
Is this dude Archer incognito??
Who the hell gave coach mcguirk a license to handle food?!
someone needs to open up a chain of Bob's burgers, so i can enjoy this :(
I hope you're enjoying life Rn because the way you're living you won't make it past 50 😥
Where's the next episode!!!?
Thats a dope flannel where can i cop?
H. Jon Benjamin is my favourite human ever.
Archer would never sign off on this nonsense.  So let's just get on with the next season of Archer.
This was super awkward
"okay... that's fine" when it's salt not cocaine lol. salt is like coke for food though.
Damn I love fried burgers
Is that why they're neighbors with a funeral home?!?!? 😱
Baby you can chive my car. Dude i want try your burger BRO
That's not baby spinach that's arugola
@6:13 was turning into an Archer moment
Jon Benjamin should just change his name to Bob Archer
As Gouda as it get`s !!
Ohh man I wish I was at that pop up for Bob's burgers and they became real... Man that had to be an awesome day
his voice
Danger zone!!!
Never thought you'd get Archer on. God damn this channel is becoming a monster venue and I love it
this guy's voice is so rad. Coach McGuirk.
Bobs voice
Teddys beanie
Alvin is about 8 burgers away from being on my 600 pound life.
i just gained weight just by wathing.....so awesome stuff.....thats f#ing delicious
MOONMAN
moans in the background
He needs to hit up an Whataburger at some point
Bob's Burgers, Archer, Lucy Daughter of the Devil, Wet Hot American Summer, Home Movies... I'm sure I missed something but everything I've seen with H. Jon Benjamin is absolute gold!
Wow, the way they overlayed Bob's voice over this dude is fantastic!
We love the "fry me to the moon" second it for burger of the day.... what say you?... lol  great segment.... my husband love that show!!!
All i hear is ARBY'S. WE HAVE THE MEATS
H.JB is my spirit animal
Got bored 2 minutes into this interview. Interviewer....needs work!
we need both these dudes on Hot Ones!!!!
I did not know that I needed this
All I hear is Bob
I wanted to hear him get angry. I love that high pitch voice he has
This guy and his beanie. Totally pulls it off. Rocks it. Kills it. He wears it better than H3... all I'm saying.
I don't know Jons personality since all I know him from is some shows, but he seemed very unenthused to be there.
I cant tell if they ever like the burgers lol
Holding the drink in that small bit clip was expecting him to channel his inner Archer.
H. Jon Benjamin is the real Bob.
Should really be speaking to the writer not the voice. This dude just gets paid because he has a cool voice, the writer KNOWS Bob and the true meaning behind it all
Coach McGuirk all time goat.
i would absolutely eat the fry me to the moon burger. Sounds amazing.
I am a simple man. I see Jon Benjamin, and I click.
kinda just closed my eyes and imagined that he was just talking to drunk archer lol
"Everyone thinks their burger should be round." Where does this guy live? Has he never seen a Wendy's?
benjamin was so not into it and he seemed uncomfortable
the show's better than Sanjay and Greg
THIS IS QUALITY CONTENT RIGHT HERE
3:35 That burger isn't even medium rare or rare, that shit is raw. That's the burger a chef makes for the voice from Bobs Burgers? Pretty shameful.
I eat steak rare, but seeing a burger anything less than a medium well makes me cringe. Obviously this guy only uses the best quality beef, grinds the meet like Bob and Linda, and not processed ground beef from the grocery store , but whenever I see a pink burger all I see is salmonella city. Not criticizing, loved the video and the burgers look incredible! Where I live burgers legally cannot be sold rare so it's just something I'm not used to and seems strange.
I wanna eat that. he seemed a bit reserved but that's fine, it's great to see him here. great idea for a video btw.
There was no fear or judgement in Jon's eyes when he asked if it was cow meat or human and I can honestly appreciate that.
LANAAAA...!!!
This guys neck hair is so nasty
4:08  u say Baby spinach but its arugula what i see oô (and also the recipe says arugula )
I hope to see the "Fry Me To The Moon" burger on the Burger of The Day Menu in a future episode!!!  I think Bob would be proud!
"Cocaine?" lol when Archer makes a guest appearance
Next up, drinks with Archer.
why are all his burgers raw? I dare you to put ramsey on this mess.
Well I didn’t die!
His personality is literally that of Bob Belcher and a hint of Archer. What a guy lol
First time viewer of THE BURGER SHOW (watched cuz I think H.Jon is amazingly funny)... LOVED IT. Bring him back? Do more of Bob's burgers of the day, please!
fry me to the moon was a better name anyways
Jon H Benjamin what a fellow. Archer + Bob's Burgers are my favorite shows
"Baby...spinach" Close up shot of arugula. Alvin doesn't do greens.
I feel like Benjamin is a old hippy
He said “like 8” lol
I keep telling you guys, this show is great. Keep em coming.
the child molestor burger
Every food related video I have watched in the last two weeks on YouTube has had a "The Control °Freak®" in it.
Cocaine?
This is salt
K, that's fine
try blue cheese in burgers instead of Feta... its amazing
OHHHHH I NEED THIS
Man Alvin needs to lose some weight.
"I hope I don't eat a toothpick. Cuz then I'll day... on camera." Ok bob Lol
That's archer
Maaan cook your burgers properly. No red meat.
Weird seeing bob’s voice lol
All I hear is Archer.
2nd burger, that's rucola, not spinach. Hmm tasty.
The Burger Show is my favorite show out there currently.
WHAT ABOUT COACH MCGUIRK?!
First rule of making a good burger. Do not thouch it more than you have to!
Why is Jörgen klopp there
it's because of this video that I'm now a subscriber ☺
Looked good until 3:34
ugh under-cooked ground beef
"Baby spinach..." camera pans to arugula
babish did it better.
Would have been awesome to hear him say "danger zone."
when jon said he actually didn't come up with the name i immediately think: so he pulled a wine shoe lol
Man y'all gotta stop feeding this guy burgers. He gains 20 pounds every video. I am worried about him.
LANAAAAAAA
Are we still doing “PHRASING”
LAAAAAANNNNAAAAAA!!!
Bro I love eggsluts
Where is Sam Seder at?
the bob’s VA is kinda.... smokey
Lana....lana....lana........LAANNAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.......danger zone
I love the voice of Bob so much.
the tingle i felt when he spoke was one of a kind lol
6:42 pretty sure i've heard of fry me to the moon before too, so meh.
I think I clogged a few arteries just by watching this.
That chef looks like he's about to drop from a heart attack
He says baby spinach and it's arugula
In 2004 I lived next door to Cypress Grove Chevre! Have some of their cheese in the fridge right now
his personality is exactly like bob
Lana... Lana!..... LANAAAAAA!.... WHAT!?
Danger Zone!
I could barely tell that was Bob his character voices are so distinctively different
This needs to be a real restaurant!
A croissant burger is such a good idea
The Tennessee fried burger he speaks of would be Dyer's in Memphis where they've used the same frying oil for over a 100 years. Definitely worth a visit.
Holy shit Midnight Moon is SO good. They have it at Whole Foods usually and I always get at least a half pound
He always looks like a hobo, whats up with that old man??
I get it! - H. Jon Benjamin
LANAAAAAAAAAAA!!!
ARCHER!!!
they should do an Archer skit on Bob's Burger the same way they did a Bob's Burger skit on Archer
Sterling Archer is that you😂
- Joking about dying on camera and not getting any response from the other guy comes across as super weak.
- Actually the second non-'the hot ones' video on your channel i enjoyed (first was when you went to make hot sauce)

I totally get you guys and gals are trying to branch out a bit, but please dont overdo it, recently theres been a big influx of all sorts of videos i dont really expect from first we feast, and most fall flat on their face, go on with the series about making hot sauces, go on with this (turn it into a series about recreating food from all sorts of cartoons and tv shows) but then call it a day, dont overdo it and ruin your otherwise amazing channel with all sorts of too unrelated food videos.
says baby spinach > puts rocket on burger
GOD DAMNIT LANA
i could never eat any of this guys burgers, theyre always so raw you can see blood.
Top 10 Iconic Voices
If it had been inspired by Glengarry Glen Ross it could have been the "Crescents are for Closers" burger,
Dude I own that book and all the burgers are amazing
4:07 that's arugula not baby spinach. How did this slip by this "chef" and the production team.  Pull it together First We Queef.
"Good-fry moon man" works too
My daughter is in love with Bob's Burgers.  The network took it off Netflix last year and she about lost it. Geesh!!!!
This is an excellent new series, I get so hype when a new episode comes out.
I think bob
It's immoral to hire this host to eat and be around all this food. What if he wanted to lose weight? He's stuck eating all this crap for a career now.
Jon Benjamin voices Bob but looks like Teddy
That's 100% arugula, not baby spinach on the foot feta-ish burger
Everyone is saying all they hear is Archer or Bob but all I hear is Coach McGuirk from Home Movies.
This was awesome
Burger not even done ewww🤨😬
Has anyone ever thought about making a burger restaurant based on “Bobs Burgers?”  It might be a good idea
I don’t think the guy in black needs anymore burgers
Idea for a bob's burgers episode. Al's animated into the show for this one. A new burger joint opens up that threatens to put Bob Belcher and Jimmy Pesto out of business. To take back their customers and go back to hating each other, Bob and Jimmy work together (for the first time in BB history) to show who's boss by facing off against Alvin Cailan at a cooking competition.
Are we not doing phrasing?
Fat boy needs to shave bro!
Yo, he doesn't look anything like what I imagined.
It's nice to see that voice come out of such a chill dude.
I love your voice.lol
LLLANNNAAAAA!!!!
Ummmm, I came here for Sean Evans not some imposter
I love this man
Bob guy is awkward and off-putting to me
Didn't like first ep, this one was great. I think you finally hit your stride.
Bob's burgers is great. That voice is the greatest
sooo were  eating raw burgers now?
why is this only 1080, we know you got them good cameras you scummers!!! :p
This is awesome, id love to try it
H jon Benjamin sounds like me with a cold.
Hearing bob but seeing Jon confuses my brain
can we get an episode where rick and morty end up visiting bobs burgers!!!? OR AM I AHEAD OF MY TIME?????
3:15,  my boy couldn't wait lol
Was this the last episode are u coming out with more vids ??
My name is Alvin so I will just start telling people I interviewed Jon Benjamin for YouTube. XD I’m jealous.
I like him as Archer better, just me tho.
Loving the burger show! Hope one day our channel can produce this sort of quality on a weekly basis. Currently can only get a food vid out every two weeks as it's a side hobby.
I just got my wisdom teeth out and now I want a burger...RIP me
If you have to repeatedly explain why your food is delicious, then it's probably not that great...
I played this first without the video, just listened to the audio. What an experience.
That meat looks RAWWWW. I can still hear the cow moo
Bob would never use a croissant for a bun
grabage can of a human
that last burger was amazing.
I want the burger show back!!!!
I wish Matty Matheson hosted this show.
Damn, Archer's lookin rough.
Bob is Archer while he suffered from amnesia brought on by a psychotic break.
we have Bob's burgers in New Mexico.
LANAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Customers were probably a bit freaked out by the pink feta burger because rare or medium rare burgers can be dangerous
Yes one of my favorite voice actors.
Women are tough, in my experience, i mean.. I've been all over the world Brendan, except for Europe and Asia.. and South America I haven't been to there  but, uh, women are a complicated bunch.  Let me give you an analogy, they're like Grapes.

That's all I got cause I said bunch then I thought of Grapes.  It's not great buy y'know I'm getting somewhere here, Brendan.  I'm trying.

You know if I had said women are a complicated group I would've, uh, thought of, uh.... shit I thought of grapes again
new york times?... new york TIMESS?... you think you are better than us? US? U.S.? U.S.A? .... no way
"As a chef .." lmao, you fry up eggs. If you're a chef then so is the illegal immigrant that serves scrambled eggs at my local breakfast restaurant
This show always makes me so hungry.
Coach McGurk!!!!!!
Holy shit love Bob's burgers anyone see that new episode about ga ga ball lol
He kinda looks like Teddy. 😂😂
the crescent thing was stupid and forced
In burger 2 you called the arugula baby spinach - still looked super good
I loved him in archer
LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
omg his voooooiceeee
Not only is he bob and archer, he was coach mcgurk on home movies back in the day on adult swim
danger zone..
4:08 "baby spinach" ... I'm no chef but I know baby arugula when I see it
Lol dude is great
I love him so much. Archer!!!!
Would you consider him a chef? No disrespect seriously I’m just wondering?
I was blown away a while back when I heard the first iteration of the show was about cannibals and that was why they gave it a nod in season 1 episode 1 human flesh. I can’t be the only one who would have loved that version of the show.
8:40 But the moon landing was fake :(
take a shot everytime he says "as a chef..."
"That is cow meat... or human?"
GO TO BOB'S BURGERS in GOLDEN COLORADO!!!!!!!
Was just waiting for a "phrasing" drop.
Baby spinach????? You're a chef.....
I Love his Voice, Man
A R C H E R
Lmfao “u know with burgers I can only eat like... 8”
H. Jon is a national treasure. Also.. why did the fried patty have grill lines in the graphic?
It’s weird that Mr. Benjamin uses his speaking voice for Bob’s voice unlike every voice actor
Coccain? No this is salt. Okay thats fine.
Your food truck was called "Eggslut"; that's pretty awesome.
LANA!!
he doesn’t look the way he sounds if that makes sense lol. it’s like archer and bob are living in this totally unrelated dude and it drives me insane
Such a good show! Im mean this.. not that bobs burgers..  i mean thats an awesone show as well...ok whatever. Watch the show.
Arugula is NOT baby spinach, Chef.
Alvin is great, I really like this show
I was hoping you guys would try The Child Molester.
Coach McGuirk!
Cocaine? DYING
5 minutes in and dude hasn't asked a question. Come on, man.
This chanel keeps getting better and better
its funny because thats his normal voice😂😂😂😂😂 ARCHERRRRRRRRRR!!!!! 😫😫😫😫😫
Danger Zone !!!
Yo I don't even eat meat but this was so satisfying to watch as a huge Bob's Burger fan!! Awesome work!!
Archer is a better show tho.
"because then I'll die... on camera"
Looks like he ate the I N C E P T I O N burger with the "greed is ghouda" burger.
LANAAAAAA!!!!
I kept hearing Archer not Bob
This is a beautiful burger. I would order this twice with no stops. WOW! It looks so inviting.
The host talks too much to be honest I would have wanted Bob to talk more.
Why not add a few French fries on the burger? A bit of texture, a bit of volume, and more fried stuff!  Plus the whole name thing.
I've made a few of those burgers haha they're pretty much always great
....I think I had an orgasm from the burgers.
Should of done the meatsiah
Pookie over there saying the burger would taste better with some coke sprinkled on it...
Coach McGuirk!
Upload another burger show.....
Can't stand this host, but damn it, I have to watch everything jon benjamin related.
those all looked so good oh my god
LANAAAAAAAA
Bob and Archer are both great
Binging  with Babish did this as well. I liked both of these! 👍
I like this guy. Great series!
While he looks like teddy lol
Put down the burger and finish season 8 of Archer!!
Lush. Though isn't that rocket, not baby spinach?
LANA!!!!
Was he also the creator of the show or just the voice acter? Bc he sure gets allot of credit off of it
Bob who? I only see archer!
No offence but the host should watch his health so he can live longer
I wish they would have tried to make The Meatssiah
the chubby guy triggers me, I have  an obese family member...
Sean looks a lil older in this one
H. Jon Benjamin is Bob from Bob’s burgers like he acts just like him it’s great
Bobs burgers is the best . Love this
That's Bob voice acting for this man
One of my friends is a chef and stole the fry me to the moon burger for his food truck. It's his special burger now that he only does for dinner. It always sell out.
The Croissant was a naughty touch
BRENDEN!!!!!!!!!!
jon benjamin will always be archer to me
Broooo..U r scaring h jon fkn seriously
When he said "Cocaine!" all I could think is "here's some cocaine pudding, and some more cocaine pudding and - oooooo!!  Cocaine pudding!!"
Is that why there’s never anyone in the restaurant? 🤔
Really wish you would wear gloves, but I'm a freak about that.
You could do an entire series of this and I'd be fine.
Great episode
isn't greed is gouda like a 1lb burger?
What ever happened to this show?!
Why am I watching this when there's no food in the house? It's just making me hungrier than I already am
Bobs burgers is one of my all time favorite shows. Watching this was a trip lol
OMG I finally see Bob in real life.
That burger pin Alvin has tho. Where do I get one of those?
Baby you can chive my car, the reason Bob opened his own place.
That "baby spinach" looks a lot like arugula...
needs sauce
he is bob in real life.
All i hear is Archer
The neckbeard look is noooooot working out, Mr. Eggslut
Praise god for this episode
I close my eyes and imagine it's bob with him.
The cookbook is really good - it gives you easy to follow steps and has loads of jokes per burger. I'd reccomend it, even if you haven't seen the show like me
Is it just me or does this guy sound a lot the Archer from the show Archer
this show is amazing lol
The amount of dead skin on that guy's shirt.... I don't want him near my food.
WHY IS THIS CHANNEL SO GOOD
I love love love "Bobs" voice! 😂 lol
Ive associated this voice with Bob so much so that its almost easier to believe Bob is a real person and that Bob is doing voice over for Jon Benjamin than the other way around.
That is a very muscular man
Such an iconic voice
damn that was ten minutes felt like five seconds
would anyone recommend the book?
Did anyone else thing this whole video was pretty awkward
Fry one needed a fry egg to up the fry level.
Lol Jon was trying so hard to make it funny but dude was so nervous all the jokes were just flying over his head. Awkward.
lol he sounds like bob/archer bare hahaha lana!!
He literally has the most perfect male voice I have ever heard
Berrrrrgerrrrrrr
H. Jon Benjamin has the best voice. Home movies was the shit
I want to make fry me to the moon now
He reminds me of an older derek waters
Lanaaaaaaaaaaa!
Amazing burgers! Made me a bit hungry after eating lol
Who made the burgers
Achievement unlocked: watch this video and not lose my mind while on a diet
H.jon sounds just like Bob from bobs burgers
BOB
Credit to binging with babish?
The chef didn't know that the Belcher family were originally portrayed as cannibals. That is also the premise for the first show...Louise tells her class in show n tell that her family's restaurant serves burgers made from human meat. We also meet Hugo and Ron for the first time.
This is pretty cool.
my only issue with this is the amount of food wasted. this isnt helping lol
Nobody brought up Archer
People need to chill.....Jon H. Benjamin is just this awkward in interviews and in real life.
Favorite show on YouTube
Still trips me out that Bob and Archer are the are the same person.
Bob burger my favorite show of all times. That show better never get cancels
says baby spinach then gives close up of arugula..
Man that looks and sounds so delicious. Huge props to Alvin for the creations. Was gonna make some homemade burgers today and now I know how I'm gonna do it.
1:36 "it gets to show like who you really are " no not really , maybe what you think taste good , i couldn't let that go sorry
Where my "Jon Benjamin Has A Van" fans at?
LAAAAAAAAAANAA!!!!!!
Archer???
Technically that idea belongs to Bob, so Jon didn't actually steal the idea he had it as a character
No matter what show i'm watching, i always hear his voice & instantly miss Home Movies.  :(
Doesn't even toast the croissant...amateur
Archer!!
Archer!!
That was art in its purest form.
Happy 52nd!
god, that looks soo good!
awshiiitt
See, I saw Archer before Bob's Burgers and I just hear Archer when he speaks.
This is genius.
Y'all forgot The Special of The Day Is The Child Molester... It Comes With Candy!!
Aw man I hate when you think an idea is yours but it's something you heard.
Chappers and the Captain from Andertons music would love to be in your show.
4:05 isn't that rucola rather than baby spinach? or am in wrong?
I like how the two were vibing towards the end.
he's talking about this cartoon show like it's shakespeare in the round. sheesh.
This fat dude made me eat my dinner again.
I really hope that burger ends up on the show it looks phenomenal
So many burgers to make now!!! Lol
Archer
Archer!!!
McGuirk!
👍🤤👍
I miss jon benjamin has a van
fake feelin
Wow he just naturally sounds like bob
lmaoo all i hear is archer
I just wanted him to yell Lana the whole time
Sterling? Is that you
Remember that time he had a van?
That's pretty cool for Bob to be a guest in this show. :D
This croissant burger is an insult to France
Benjamin looks like a young Frank from shameless.
I thought he'd look homeless but I didn't think he'd look this homeless..... I wanna smash his voice though.....
He just sounds like Archer to me now
They are both too damn old for those hat's they're wearing.
For years I thought Loren Bouchard was a woman because I never saw a picture of him and everyone pronounces it "Lauren".
ARCHER
Phrasing! Or are we not doing that anymore?!
4:08 that's arugala tho
I looove this.!!
baby....spinach......*pans over baby arugula*
what if we try a new host ?
his voice is hot hahahh
LANA!!!!!!
Danger zone
It would be much cooler if you animated Bob in this episode
7:06 THEY SAY THERE"S WOMEN! IN CYPRESS GROVE!
Midnight Moon is the BEST
Chef Cailan, where in New York are you?
60% of viewers are not fans of Bob's Burgers. (I'm a fan.)
He seems so bored
Archeeeeeer!
That first burger was that pattymobile from spongebob
Dude I love burger show
H. Jon Benjamin should really consider getting surgery so he looks like Archer, for life.
Holy shit it’s Bob. You should’ve asked him to do the high voice he sometimes does on the show.
I'm sad I couldn't like this more than once.
Oh my gosh this is epic ...7:40 oh shit ..
Whats up with all these professional chefs cooking half cooked meat?  Thats unhealthy.
he acts like Bob irl too haha!
you should call it "croissant a man to the moon burger"
He's the same person lol
I love how disappointed he was that it wasn't cocaine.
Thats not bob THATS ARCHER!
Holy shit its Archer
I want to be friends with this chef and have him cook me forever.
Jon Benjamin looks like real life Teddy in this video...
He’s so disappointed it’s not cocaine 😂
If you seasoned that burger with cocaine you would’ve lost your appetite immediately after your first bite. 

Sorry bob. Cocaine is good for a lot of things but one things it’s not good for is cooking.
Eggslut is probably some of the greatest food I've had.
All I hear is Archer lol
He's like no problem now get me some coke
Archer is better😁
Get this legend on Hot Ones
Get H. Jon on Hot Ones!
Is anyone else a big ass fan of Bob's burgers and just like closed your eyes and listened to the voice of Jon Benjamin so you can imagine Bob there and just yelled "It is Bob!" 😄...nope just me okay 😳😌
What's your vision?
So y’all eatin raw burgers now?!
I  foresee a heart attack in this man's future.
He doesn't voice Bon. He IS Bob.
LAAAANNNNNAAAAAAA you gotta try this moon burger!
Man you get beautiful shots of this stuff.
My favorite show, woo!
the fact that h. jon benjamin acts like bob in real life makes it even better most voice actors have their own personality that most of the time does not match the role they are playing
Man this just keeps getting better
He does coke
Did you scissor grind after the hotdogs?
MARK2702
ID be sorta down to eat the last one if the buns were toasted and the patty wasnt covered in grease
archer was better
where should i buy PROPER grounded beef blend in queens nyc? pls help!
The irony that the burgers are amazing yet Bob's store is...a flop, somehow. Who would've though. I wan't to try all these burgers!
The guy with glasses sounds familiar
Next, a crusty crab burger with Spongebob
bad editing
YAASSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!   So Awesome!!!
Bob voice dude is chilllllllllll,
He’s Archer to me! I know he’s done other stuff but he’s Sterling Archer damn it!
I miss bens gotta van
Love this show!
please have jon on hot ones
So cool
Is there any way i could get the recipe for the cheese sauce or is it just melted Gouda?
Love this show!
Thats arugula not baby spinach
What happened to the burger show? Wasn't this weekly?
I kinda get the idea that he does so many voices for shows that he really doesnt have like a great memory for the food the fans of of bobs burger do. So these burgers he's being made to eat he really doesnt remember lol. I love archer for one. Im sure he's prolly like, yea I do so much stuff, I gotta remember every burger on the show for bobs burgers!? wtf. ha!
just seeing Benjamin with the drink talking all i saw was Archer LOL
I honestly expected more zingers from the voice of Archer.  I suppose they can't be funny all the time.
Get David Chang on the show. Doesn't matter if it's Hot Ones or any other series.
Thank God. I have the cookbook :)
Did the wind slap your beard?
OMG it bob
I hate pickles but the fly me to the moon burger looks flippin amazing. I would try it with the pickles on it because you need to try food exactly how it is supposed to be unless you are allergic to an ingredient then thats the only time you should take off an ingredient.
I just see bob if I close my eyes 😂
This is now under my bookmarks for porn.
that's not baby spinach honey, that arugula.... buty I AM STILL INLOVEEEEEE!!!!
Omg is so cool how his voice is exacly the same as Bob"s
Danger zone!
Dear Alvin, this was an awesome episode, but it's "Bob's Burgers", not "Bob's Burger"
Kind of upset that Binging with Babish wasn't here
never had a fried burger?
Alvin may be the eggslut, but he is also the burger saint. I love you "First we feast" crew! Keep bringing us more magic, you guys are saving the world as far as I am concerned.
When introducing bob's burgers in the beginning, i thought he was mimicking the burger king foot lettuce guy lul lul
One of the most iconic voices in the cartoon game.
Archer's burger taste
Binging with babish did it better and first
Dooopppee sauce
Says baby spinach but that’s Rocket.
Awesome
That was awesome!!
I dont watch bobs burgers. But all thoses burgers look delicious.
I love this channel!
I hope I don’t eat a toothpick because then I’ll die on camera
I cant take him seriously because only thing i hear is bob lmao
You need to host the salad show for a year.  Then your show will get some more views.  People feel guilty watching you do this and thinking at any moment your heart will seize .  Not good for entertainment .  This is constructive criticism, and helpful .  I do not care about ones knee jerk reaction feelings.  Morso i care of a healthier population. Thirdly,  i have the balls to say what all you pusskes think and then tongue n cheek.  Its tragik.  I know
LAANNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Where do you get this book?
Chef this, chef that. How about cooks, that makes your food?
whys  archer so  weird lmao
..The apology was pure Archer
people of earth burger
I love bobs burger
That guy dosent know how to cool a burger and he calls himself a chef lol.
Damn, that voice actor for Bob is not very polite. Those burgers look incredible. Especially your original idea at the end; I was expecting him to say "can I be honest? this is the best burger I've ever had" but he just says "it's good" :/ Anyways, those look absolutely incredible.
As a Canadian, seeing them eat the rare ground beef makes me cringe.
get this man on hot ones!!!
i want to make the Fry me to the moon burger !
All I hear is archer
Have you got gordan ramsy if not you should
I'm not ashamed to say I've seen every episode of Archer and Bob's burger.
N U M B E R     1 5 . . .
God Dammit Archer
The first time I heard his voice was from Home Movies
Its archer!
Let’s pretend Bob’s burgers are actually as good as these... how is he still not making a name for himself within 8 seasons... blows my mind!!
I BET U ALVIN LOOK IN THE MIRROR EVERYMORNIN NAKED ,, AND SAYS TO HIMSELF ,, WE SHOULD GO ON A DIET SOON BUT I LOVE BURGERS TO GODAMN MUCH ,,,,, PROLLY HAS A BURGER TO PUT HIMSELF TO SLEEP.....................🍔
I wanna see a krabby patty
Yo Alvin! I’d love to see a show about the millions of burger grille places all over LA. There’s gotta be some hidden gems but there’s a sea of them and they don’t really distinguish themselves - same can be said of LA’s donut stands which mostly seem like a lame bodega of LA. I heard the crazy number of donut stands are a result of the works program after WWII, they taught business to GIs and used the donut stand as an example thus spawning stands all over; could be the same explanation for the burger grilles??
How dare you not put eggs woodhouse on this.
The 54 people who disliked this video would rather get food poisoning at Jimmy Pesto's.
What a great episode
To me he'll always be Archer.
You people need to go watch home movies if you wanna see jon at his most insane
does anyone know what type of heating element/ portable oven things is used around the 6 min mark?
Anyone know what he is drinking at 6:50
I'm not a cook so I don't know but isn't the meat about too pink?
As much as I like the concept of Burger show and respect the chef and Eggslut, I think the reason it's not working as well is the host doesn't seem to have a sense of humour or play off the guests that much. He's almost like he's too stiff.
Alvin is the master of creating foods that will kill you, don’t know how he’s still alive to be honest.
This guy looks like an old Food Busker.
wow i  didnt think it was possible but they made this show even lamer
was trying not to hear archer but then he said cocaine
Never watched Bob’s burgers but now I’m interested
The host is pretty cringey but no denying the dude can cook some amazing freaking burgers.
Is it me or does he look a lot like Teddy in this.
lmao am i the only one hearing home movies??
lol his limit is 8 burgers.. mines 10.. what is yours and the most youve eaten in 1 sitting without breaks ofc..
Bob's burgers is just the best.
Jon and Babish have almost the same voice
i hear archer
RIGHT
That pube beard tho
So, this dude owns a breakfast sandwich shop in NY, right? Did he sign on with FWF as the main burger guy?
i'm so hungry... i need these...
We love you alvin buddy!
Your huge period.
First We Feast, why are you promoting this hack? I seriously do not understand how he is credible.
Do you want ants? Cause that's how you get ants.
As a chef.....
His voice is soothing
Does Jon Benjamin still have a Van though
all i hear is "Danger Zone".
Baby spinach... shows arugula.
I want to eat some of Bob's burgers while watching Archer!
At 4:10 they say the foot fetish burger has spinach....buy arugula is on the burger. Hmm...
I can only see the character when he speaks.. so weird
That looks like way too much.
He’s mike from breaking bad
Another great video
Trojan horseradish, have they done that?
Don't make it about yourself. I came to see Jon Benjamin eat Bob's burgers, not some host's burgers
Archer looks a lot different than I remember...maybe it’s the hat! Yeah that’s it, it’s the hat!
Archer looks a lot different than I remember...maybe it’s the hat! Yeah that’s it, it’s the hat!
Archer looks a lot different than I remember...maybe it’s the hat! Yeah that’s it, it’s the hat!
i cant stop imagining hes eating burgers with archer
This is a rip-off of Babish
Way to enter the.... Danger zone
Phrasing
Is this show over did Alvin die?
Oh boy he is not funny, but it makes me smile.
He seems like he’s dying inside
Alvin Cailan is so gross. He seems like a really nice guy, and he loves what he does. But god he's hard to watch.
ARCHER
Archer
Alvin knows how to sell food.  I mean... he gets people to stand in ridiculous lines for simple egg sandwiches.
It’s so sad to hear archers voice coming out of that face😐😐😐
They spelled john wrong lol
2:56 if you are here only to look other people eat and improve your appetite
Venture Bros > Home Movies > Archer > Bob's Burgers
I'm pretty sure there's an entire blog dedicated to recreating Bobs burgers.
I love bobs burgers
Is he doing the voice or is his natural voice the voice he uses for bob?
This is the bes channel!
alvin sucks
sad Eugene Mirman wasnt also in this for no reason at all lolz
Archer is mad boring without his writers
Something something danger zone?
Your baby spinach is Arugula.
Should of had Babish
Binging with babish made some of bob’s burgers... i wanna try one...
No new episode this week?
Alvin is
Good stuff guys.
What happened to this show?
I want the foot feta burger
he sounds like bob burger
I’m going to BUST A NUT
Oh my god
Didn't BwB make the baby you can drive my car burger?
Am I the only one that cooks my burgers all the way through?
If they don’t put the fly me to the moon in the show I’m gonna lose my mind its so choice
im only here to ask for archer season 9
Bring back Jon Benjamin has a van !
Please learn how to say Gouda
Praise the feta lords.
SO did anyone else notice that Jon is dressed like Teddy??
Everyone hates Alvin but can't say anything because he never really does anything wrong. But everyone hates him.
I cannot unhear archer and bob
I prefer burgers over archer
Jon, do Hot Ones next!
i love lousie
I wonder if Alvin ever uses bread for his burgers?
Crazy how much I’ve listened to this guys voice when I was 8 watching home movies then family guy then bobs crazy.
It did feel a little awkward until they began eating the actual burgers, so yeah.
So sick
The child molester burger (the one Louise wrote down on the "Burger of the Day" board in the first episode)
Nope. Never watched “Bob’s”, but your feta burger looks delicious!
its so weird seeing his face with that voice....where did the rest of all those burgers go?
Weird hearing his voice and it not be a episode of bob lol
Love it !
You gotta make him eggs woodhouse next
PINK MEAT LOL
boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooob
WOODHOUSE!!!!
That fried burger though mmmmmm MMM
please bring back home movies
Where's baldy?
that baby spinach looks like arugula. fail
Ahhh he did a show at my school! It was great
This guy is awkward
I made the baby u can chive my car burger
He says the foot feta-ish burger has spinach but that's clearly arugula haha
But why is archer in this?
This is First We Feast??? God you guys do so much great food stuff its ridiculous
This, is weird.
One bite and throw it away? What a waste.
Dope concept.
I know it’s not bobs burgers but it’s h Jon Benjamin related. I was just waiting for him to scream “PHRASING”
WHERE IS A NEW EPISODE??????????????????
Instead of the fried pickle i would have done a fried egg so its more of a breakfast burger.  Still looks bomb af
cocain?
https://www.buzzfeed.com/students4now/which-burger-of-the-day-should-you-order-3dqgz?utm_term=.rtaqMQMmNj#.ktwP5e5JxN
Why was Babish not in this video?!
I want to eat all these burgers but I'm vegetarian
Where’s his van??????
ugh, 10 seconds in and now I'm craving burgers....why am I torturing myself watching this now and not on friday?
That's not baby spinach on the feta-ish burger, it's arugula.
It’s ok bob!
man needs to lose some weight. would hate it if his heart gave way.
I dont know why jon looks like a hipster here
That’s not baby spinach, arugula
Cool
The Foot Feta-ish burger is topped with arugula not baby spinach. And you can tell H.J.B. isn't really feeling this.
Stick to hot wings guys..
IThoughtBobWasACartoon!
Is there a crabby paddy EP?
Well he should have..
Fat guy is desperate for validation.
Two grown men. Wearing winter hats indoors. Dumb.
wheres the next episode????????????????????
It stays weird to hear native English speakers pronounce Gouda as Gooda
Poor guy needs to get on a diet
Lol
Host is terrible
Safe to say homeboy will never loose weight. I don't blame him.
Are they black or a slightly darker black?
Did the burger show get cancelled?
Is raw ground meat really good? Looks disgusting tbh
Please tell me you aren't cancelling this show
I like the words that come out of his mouth, but I am skeptical about how he fed himself to become so fat.  Is he really as dainty as he portrays himself to be or is he eating fries by the handful.  And also, why can't we talk about the quality of a joints fries?
Archer > Bobs Burgers
O shit this is the eggslut guy. Eggslut is great I remember the long lines in dtla when i used to live there.
Lmfao chefs are not fans of Bob's burger fat boy! You dont wear the hat of all chefs or represent them. Tucker needs to worry about that weight instead of burgers
Can’t wait for archer to come back
Not a fan of the presenter.. looks like a hobo...
Baby you can chive my car is where it is at.
I don't think it was that awkward....
That burger looks gross
I make hot dog burgers when all i have is hot dog buns
am i tripping out or did i just see feta cheese twice
How can I hire this chef to make every burger I’ll ever eat from now on?
i wouldnt eat from a food truck called eggslut
Why is this pig have his own show? Sometimes i dont get Americans
My god this dude should not run a cooking show, it’s going to kill him. Poor bastard
that baby spinach at 4:06 was actually arugula
I'm also a huge fan of Bob's Burgers as well, I even got a tattoo of the Belcher family on my right arm.  I also see H. Jon Benjamin in Arby's commercials which makes me so excited to see his face on tv plus I'm going to see Bob's Burgers movie when it comes out July 17, 2020,
That was not baby spinach that was baby arugula. Ease up on the blunts, Chef.
It’s so weird seeing this guys voice not animated at all
Great video!
How can you take a burger from a cartoon & eat it ?. are these people magic ?. Jumping into a cartoon & eating the burger. Mind blown.. LOL
Where did the Burger Show go? No new episodes in a while now.
Should try my Italian burger.   Thick slice of eggplant dried fried to a crunch with panko crumbs.  Cooled placed on bun with very spicy red sauce.  Top with a mozzarella burger same thickness as eggplant.  A little more sauce on top.  Chomp Chomp
The guy that does Bob’s voice does not look like he wants to be there at all. This is embarrassing for me.
They never mention The Child Molester, Louise’s signature burger that comes with candy.
HOME MOVIES
pauvre americain ...stop deep frying everything, and a croissant with meat inside is still called a croissant not and hamburger
Cook your meat. Why don’t people cook it well done. If you cannot fully cook a burger without burning it or making it dry you can’t cook.
Its not baby spinach its ruccola lmao
I mean I'm fat but come on.
yeah I'm going to the one guy that says dude you are closer to death than you see. Ralphie May! John Candy, should I go on? Candy, Farley, should I go on? Belushi? Yeah fat and drugs we only see the fat but to see ya 125 under your current we would feel better! You already have the face marks, Google it!
Yo bro lose some weight.
What is up with the “ Tennessee deep fried burger”? I’ve lived here 26 years and have never seen a deep fried burger. And I live in Nashville so I’m not out in the boonies. Direct me to the location that sells these things, please. Or stop bringing em up
starving over here:/
I feel like I’m the only person that finds Bob’s Burgers to be the most boring, unfunny show I’ve seen in a while.
he is such a bob in real life  <3 also guy's a chef and still doenst know the difference between baby spinach and rucola?
SHAVE THAT NASTY BEARD!
that guy needs to oose weight or hes gonna die with 60
Please stop putting this fat guy on the show
Get a new host, this guy doesn't deserve his own show.  Nasty beard, and boring personality.  Just have Sean Evans do this show.
Where I live it's illegal to sell burgers that aren't well done (surface area of ground beef, possible contamination, bla bla bla). I get that it's a thing in the states but pink burgers just freak me out.
Did he just say feta is salty? On what planet is feta salty?
Why is he dressed like Teddy
Lol, eggslut
Home Movies anyone?
why is the patty rare ughhhehhhhhugrhru
Gouda is pronounced howtha with a hard H. /ˈɣɑu̯daː/
Not goo da.
Something that I make all the time at home, the  (hash) brown chicken, (hash) Brown cow burger. Burger with a hash Brown and over easy egg on butter toasted bread with cheddar.
eggslut
he  has the best speaking voice of anyone ever
this is so weird lol
The eggslut guy likes pickles too much...........
Sorry but I have to call you out how can you not know the 1st episode was about human meat! 🤨
I feel like the only person in the world who doesn't like  Bob's Burger
Host is awkward.  Benjamin looks uncomfortably the whole time
It's difficult to watch someone as morbid as this host pretend to be happy when he's obviously suffering physically. :(
Too bad the show sucks
i should just make an animated show in microsoft paint. it will probably gain as much traction as this crap.
We need an actual Bob's Burgers burger joint!
Bro can't believe you got Archer on the show.
He'll always be Coach McGuirk
This is the best episode yet.
waiting for him to be on my 600 pound life
Bob’s Burger’s Burger with Bob Belcher from Bob’s Burger
All I hear is the moth from aqua teen hunger force
He's great in People of Earth too.
Sterlin
Why is Archer....oh wait
I find love both these doods no Homo
I love Jon
Too fat. The guy needs to hold back before his skin is too far gone and needs to be sliced off.
YUMMMM  !!!!
Worst comedy show ever? Never made me laugh even a bit
Bob's Burgers isn't funny at all. He should stick to Archer.
Harry J is such a goof. Really enjoyed this episode
H. Jon Benjamin has one of the greatest voices on television. What a legend. Great episode
Alvin is not a good host, man. Boring questions and delivery of those questions, never laughed at the guest's jokes... camman add some energy in there dude!
Omg all I see is Bob when he speaks! 😆
All I could think of was MTV for that last burger
4:09 thats not baby spinach, that's Rocket salad, lol?
Lanaaaaaaa!!!!
I'm happy and jealous at the same time, especially since John Benjamin was in Home Movies
I love H Jon Benjamin but I'm always surprised when his face. No offence but his voice is way sexier than his face suggests
If you've never had a fried burger take time out and hit up Dyer's in Memphis on Beale Street
This guy eats too many burgers lol. I fear for his life
ARCHER <3
GET RID OF THAT BEARD LMAO
These burgers look bomb! I love this show!
Man these burgers look maaad good
my god he sounds exactly like bob he doesnt even have to try
I think a fried egg on the Fry me to the moon hamburger would’ve taken it over the top.
4:19 isn't that arugula? I've never seen baby spinach like it.
Keep eating hahaha
Why didn't they use the walking dead terminus Bob burger recipe?
Nice vid, but why are you doing this with Sterling Archer's VA? :^)
brendon!
I honestly just watch these videos to hear Alvin say brrgur
I really hope to see the Fry Me To The Moon Burger on a future Bob's Burgers
Honestly whenever i hear H jon benjamin I dont think of bob but sterling
Such an iconic voice. Bob Burgers is ight but Archer is my favourite show of all time.
The latest episode of Bobs Burgers "Ga Ga Ball' was hilarious
So wait that's his normal voice? I don't know why I always thought H.J.B had to do the voice. This is  fucking awesome.
STERLING MALLORY BELCHER
He sounds just like Bob
I’m so confused! I hear bob but don’t see him lmao I feel ruined 😂😂😂😩😩
Lmaaaaaooo wtfhahahha
Man I hate this channel so much, I’m on a diet man and trying to get leaner and stronger and these videos make it so hard cause the food looks so yummy
All i hear is archer
Here for all the comments about andrew's take on bob's burgers
It's funny 2  see the voice of Bob talk
the dude is boring af
Thats not bob for me it is archer
Does this mean we're gonna get Archer/Bob on hot ones soon?!
Omg he’s so fat. Maybe he shouldn’t eat that many burgers
Was that really spinach, arugula or both on the foot ish burger?
liked the video because of Bob in the thumbnail.
You wanna get ants? Cause that´s how you get ants!
🍔🔥👏👏👏
That fry me to the moon burger look so fye
👆BB4L 😎🤔👆
Benjamin looks stoned
I knew this will happen!
Krusunts
He is funny
What's up with americans and them wearings hats indoors?
The host is meh
Yo that guy is weird
no offence but he looks like a tramp.....
i cant get over how bad his skin is . and he doesnt even have the personality for me to overlook all that
One of the best/funniest voice actors of all time. Great guest to have on the show!
I find it a tad odd that you had the "burger purist" who specifically likes just meat cheese and bun to make all of these interesting combinations.. They all looked amazing though, good on him :)
Haven't watched yet but good lord I needed this.
His calm voice makes everything hilarious
The voice of Bob from Bobs Burgers!!! Sean omg your show just gets better and better!
legend
This is awesome
This is awesome
Heart my comment.
He sounds just like my uncle sacky
ARCHER!
Cocaine? 😂😂👏🏽
Hi
This show is so tough to watch at work where burgers aren't available.
How hard is it to poach a goddamn egg properly? Seriously, that's like eggs 101.
Archer
#HopsinOnHotOnes
Babish did it better! Still love this though <3
they all seem like overkill. use quality beef and all you need is American cheese and a potato bun.
FIRST ONE TO SEE THIS
I love this show!
Sweet
Zero dislikesssss! Lets gooooo!
First
Yum yum yum
mmmmmmmmmm burgers lol
I’m here because I watch archer
Love
It
You should do a episode with binging with babish
North Jersey is hallowed ground for sliders. Which place does them better—White Mana in Jersey City, or White Manna in Hackensack?
Mario just looks like the most badass Mob Boss.
Let's be honest, the whole show was just a set up to have lunch with Padma
1940s: Work at fast rood restaurant, make enough for law school or to buy the actual restaurant. 
2010s: Make enough to eat, maybe pay your car insurance.
lmao did Padma just do a plug for her makeup line here. Tryna reach all types of audiences
“It’s not about the size, it’s about the method” 😂
I actually enjoy all the shows on this channel. This dude is very likable.
Padma: Anytime I can get more vegetables into my food I'm all for it.

Alvin: I'm the complete opposite

Padma: really???????
*JIMMY THE JUICE IS A NATIONAL HERO*
i'm pretty sure there's like a cheese wheel or a bottle of wine in Padma's fridge that ages for her while she stays the same
Came here for a burger video, ended up watching Raging Bull, fuggedaboutit
Padma hides her contempt for those burgers somewhat well.
Mario is a living stereotype lol
When I first heard of the concept of The Burger Show, I really didn't think I was gonna be that interested in it. I'm from Germany and I've never been to the US, so I had NO idea how incredibly nuanced the burger culture over there was. It's really interesting to see how many different types of burger there are, and I'm actually looking forward to every single episode of The Burger Show now.
I wonder how many mob thugs ended up as burgers over the years at this joint.
U know it’s good when there using cheap plates 😋
She did not like those burgers. Trust me.
This White Manna in Hackensack, NJ vs White Mana in Jersey City, NJ debate still stands to this day. There is still buzz from where I live between these two restaurants. But my heart is still goes to the White Mana in Jersey City. I eat there occasion but it's a treat eating there every time.
Mario looks like he had fights fixed
I like Padma Lakshmi but I'm not sure I cared for her in this. She seemed a bit snide and aloof on a show that succeeds because it's so earnest.
I've been going to this place casually for the past 8 years or so, so it's pretty wild to see it on First We Feast. Surreal.
I want Padma Lakshmi's burger.
Padma's pretty much perfect
This is my new favorite food show, along with Dining on a Dime and Pizza Show.
Mario reminds me Silvio from the Sopranos
As a cook, I love to see Alvin getting so nervous about the cooking process they cherish. It shows he REALLY cares about food (which we all know, but is still awesome).
Who eats on the subway let alone a burger and fries
I'd rather eat Padma.
"It's not about the size it's about the method."
I keep trying to convice my wife of this.
a makeup ad? seriously? felt so cheap
You can't just casually mention an "orange juice situation in the service" without the story. I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight.
7:57 when you realize that’s how the name sliders was made
Thumbs up if you're from Jersey
The video describes Padma Lakshmi as a burger lover and after looking at her, I honestly don’t believe she’s loved a burger other than from afar.
good to see fellow Indians not getting angry  looking at Padme eat beef.
das a mob boss woah o.0
Orange juice situation. Hmm okay
The ringside is actually a pretty legendary boxing gym
This show isnt getting views cause:

Host
Thumbnail
Content
9:25
You're hired, I'm fired.




Why is this so funny?
Portugal CARALHO!
Petition to give Jimmy the Juice his own show
Bring back food grails. Wtf fwf
mmmm that looks so good so i ordered subway lol
Hilarious. I work about 5 minutes from this place never visited. I’m going next time on my lunch break
This guy is stereotypical Soprano's North Jersey. For everyone across the country, no, this is not the typical NJ resident. The rest of us are just a-holes. Jk, kinda.
great episode; what a terrific story and a fantastic location. I appreciate you making this, it was great to view
I've been sexually attracted to her for like 15 years from when I first saw her on TV in elementary
"ITS NOT ABOUT THE SIZE ITS ABOUT THE METHOD" 
-Alvin Cailan 2018
I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE BUDDY (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Give the kids a couple hand burgers 🤨 I wonder what that mean 🤦🏽‍♂️
jersey gets some love <3
Really love these burger videos. Keep them coming!
Hackensack no debate
Hard to picture Padma on the subway
alvins coat covered in burger grease smh
This was actually an out take from the Sopranos.....jk…...great sliders, great atmosphere and people. Thanks for the vid :)
So its just white castle basically
love my milfs nice and leathery
Yes, we can see you avoid vegetables
i literally live 10 mins away and drive by it all the time alone tonnelle ave ... never knew any of this. burgers are alright though.
That's hella cool, dude owns a gym and a burger place. Respect.
5:26 "fewd"
That place is definitely a mob hangout
Wow everything is so cheap. FeelsBadMan
Great video! My family had a silver diner in South Jersey, and my dad was the short-order chef. He was famous for his western omelets, but made a mean burger too! 
I create workout and beauty videos, so visit when you can. I'm subbed and liking!
Silvio Dante is that you?
Leave the gun, take the cannolis
She eating beef thought indians don't eat beef. She hottie
PORTUGAL CARALHO!
The Burger Show is God's gift to Man. Damn I love me some burgers!!!
I love Mario, the perfect jersey man lol
I love Padma this was great to watch. Love the funny banter yall are doing great work!!
"Its not about the size, it's about the method." And there you have it, guys.
i love how round you are Padma 

GODDAMN you hot
this didn't feel genuine for some reason? dunno feels off
- "everytime i can get vegetables into my food im all for it"  - "im the complete opposite" fat boy is gonna be dead before he hits 40
Not a single person inthis episode I didn’t find delightful mario juice and jimmy are treasure in human form
So that's how sliders got their?  Interesting.
I wanna know about that "orange juice situation"
Thats cool and all but why does Mario look like Silvio's long lost brother from The Sopranos?
Padma doesnt seem like a cool girl what so ever
Should’ve went to the original one in Hackensack its way more nostalgic
Holy Moly! That's why they're called sliders! Light Bulb!
padma....sweet jesus
I like how almost every time I see Padma Lakshmi in anything she never looks bad or weird when the she's the center of a shot even when she was on Hot Ones she always looks flawless
Im jealous of how photogenic and pretty Padma is and I'm a dude
I just can't help it. 

Padma: I fit in vegetables wherever I can. 

Alvin: I'm just the opposite.

::looks at Padma::

::looks at Alvin::

I know Alvin. I know.
Yo what's up grew up across the Hudson. Enjoy the show special we got this beautiful woman in there
Brooklyn Foodz nails it, inspired by the Hackensack location :-D
North Jersey Staples:
Burgers- White Mana
Hot Dogs- Rutt's Hut
Pizza- Pizza Town
Ringside bar across the street has some of the best Portuguese/bar food in the city. After 11pm, enter at your own risk.
Cash only...
words: you put a little bit of onion
action: puts an ocean of onions
bruh lol are you SERIOUS
The big guy said im the opposite..the least amount of veggies possible lol.. we can see tht
I don't know if Id worry so much about being able to chat up the cook as much as the burger being great. That was awesome seeing him get on the grill. Padma Lakshmi is just great.
MY GOD, I WAS THERE THE DAY THEY WERE FILMING. THEY WERE SETTING UP CAMERAS AND EVERYBODY EXCEPT THE STARS WERE THERE
White manna from Hackensack is the og one and better one
Love Padma. What a cool restaurant. Anything connected to a worlds fair is insanely special in my mind. This place should be registered as a historic landmark, I hope that one of his employees now does what he did and buys the place and keeps it running the same way.
I wanna hear about this "orange juice situation."
4:57 Dj Khalid in the background lost weight he's looking good guys!
"not about the size, it's about the method"

Did he mean to do that with Padma sitting there lol?
...about veggies amount, it's notorious...
hehehe
Gotta go to Louis' Lunch in New Haven and Ted's in Meriden if you ever make it to CT
Him: I don’t eat vegetables 
Her:* pretends to be surprised*
This is the kind of old neighbor I would like to live in. Love Mario what a cool dude.
Nice vid First we Feast, way to go! This channel just keeps on imrpoving, I love you guys!
why do people who handle RTE food in videos like these never wear gloves?
Too be honest, that is really sweet that it is like a community thing. I live up in Northern MN and Northern ND. Don't really have too many traditional restaurants that have been around for that long. Mostly now, they have been taken over by fast food franchises.
I am blessed. I get to watch Hot Ones, The Burger Show, and the Pizza Show on Munchies.
jimmy 'two times' has evolved
Damnit, I'm hungry now, and I just had supper. :)
Mike Tyson A.K.A. The Pigeon Whisperer.
I love chefs there sooooo creative.
Without these shows I would not dare walk into a place that looks like that from the outside.  Unless i'm in my own city of course..
A Ringside Bucket before hitting that Parkway is always a good idea for the summer.
my city!!!!!!!!!!!! I love white mana its one of the best easily! AND I remember boxing there in that gym! holy crap. Their cheese fries are also some of the best shit ever too, I get a lot of guilty pleasure from them cheeeeeese fries cause the fries get drenched in a ton of melted cheese.
"It taste homemade" The guy literally just made it in front of you.
Living up the block from this spot has greatly contributed to my mild obesity...
She is so perfect
Imagine being able to rock a jacket with your nickname embroidered on it.  That is some real flex.
only issue i see. and im not even sure if its a real issue. puts buns on top of the raw side of the burger, then flips patty , places bun that was touching raw meat onto the now cooked meat. ????  idk about that.
Engine budget rebel elect attempt terrorist victim speed bare wish partnership.
I wonder why they got Padma Lakshmi for this type of video instead of Boogie2988
1000% would smash....that delicious little burger into my face hole. 🍔🍔
Gorgeous lady, lovely food, great episode !!
"you finalize the burger" lol
Canadian here. You need mayo on your burger.
Nice history and all, but the sliders really didn't look very nice. She mentioned burger-to-bun ratio, and I agree: too much meat can destroy a burger, but these seem like they're on the opposite extreme. Less than an ounce of meat. Those buns are huge, and really could do with some more in-between them. I may be wrong, and would love to try them, but they look dry, overcooked, and boring, to be perfectly honest.
WTF!? I must have missed something here. White Castle was around ten years before White Mana.
That first guy looks like the leader from an Italian mafia
I'd make like a burger and smash that padma, but she's probably taken, Rachael Bae is still my early food crush lol
Padma ❤❤
Get that salider/Padma cred, Alvin! Noice~
"I’m the complete opposite" no surprise there lmao
When I saw those pigeon coops on the roof, immediately I thought of Ghost Dog.
This show is always great, really informative AND makes you hungry. Enough talk about vegetables though, don't be ruining my cheeseburgers with your vegetables 😉
Your hired im fired. great episode
"what I like about this burger is there is nowhere to hide." Mark Twain
I used to stop here all the time when doing my delivery route.   But down in our area we have the White Diamond in Clark and White Rose in Edison.. Manna, Mana, Diamond or Rose are the best places to take out of towners to go eat.
I love this show. Another great job, Alvin.
Hackensack is better!
Alvin Cailan - Real Life Hamburgler
A good slider means devastating, explosive diarrhea the next day. We're talking "Oh God, is that blood?!" doodoo.
i love padma! hope she's in more of these!
#PORTUGAL
Needs to collab with Joey's world tour
I'm a simple man. I see Padma, I click.
Should have done the vid on ringside bar beneath the gym the steak there is super cheap but amazing
Funny, I've been to White Mana in JC a dozen times and have never seen the owner.
"Little bit of onions" 3:11
You could have went into detail about Mike and veganism
@4:42: "I'm the complete opposite". Who would have guessed?
First We Feast needs more awesome shows like this, The Ramen Show, The Hot Dog Show, The Fry Show
Owner looks like he's got that diner as a 'side business'....if you know what i mean :D
but like when u hitting south jersey and the jersey burger?
That seamless plug by padma! 👌🏻
"Because of an orange juice situation." LMFAO!!!!
"He's like a sushi master" purleeeeeeeeze
Padma  is  beautiful
JERSEY 🥊🍔🔥 & MIKE TYSON’S 🕊
L O T T A   K I L L A S
Make enough to eat, maybe pay your car insurance.
Good thing he didn't become a lawyer, because everyone would think he intimidated witnesses along with his mob buddies
How is this place in business with 2 customers
PORTUGAL CARALHO!
Even though he's in a NJ Diner, he can't help mentioning In & Out Burger. Bad form.
damn, I love Alvin but this dude looks like he struggling to breath. goddamn! LOL
Love white mana still go there after having some drinks at ringside he even cooks at the bar to
From a fat man to a fat man, I was offended! Lol!!! "REALLY?" Shows good man, thanks!
Makes me wanna pick up boxing
Proud to be from North Jersey! Bergen County!
Padma is so dreamy. How old is she now? Still looks fantastic. I remember her Padma's Passport show and being stunned by how pretty she was.
Alvin, there are more burger places in LA than just In and Out, try the Apple Pan for example if you want this same experience out here.
When is Fluffy's video coming out?
Jersey City Gang Gang!
Wow.... that mike Tyson story, instantly  made me love this place
I'm originally from Jersey, but the best part of this clip was seeing Padma...OMG she's so Hot!
The italian guy reminded me of Silvio. Cool af
Padma is out here stinking up subway cars... hell nah! lol
LOVE that Portugal Flag on the building!!!!
im just not feeling the host. ive watched all these episodes so far and i really just dont find him entertaining or that like-able.
So now you're doing burgers... where do I go to complain that you made a dank sauce and then got it shot down? Pepper X all the way!
This is amazing!
World's least smooth makeup line plug.
Padma Lakshmi as always awesome and amazing killer
'A few onions' - dumps the entire harvest on the grill
JERSEY CITY aka chilltown
I love this channel but this man got tiered making burgers
That promo was so funny
5:35 Who let Junior Soprano on the show lmao
bro those burgers look so damn good!
Her face is frozen...she took plastic surgery too far
#HopsinOnHotOnes
Gangstarr made a song called, Moment of Truth and it had nothing to do with his reference.
Imagine these mobster looking and sounding dude as an attorney! Bet he’d win all his cases😂😂
angel's burger numbawan
St Cloud, Minnesota, Val’s.
When Padma Lakshmi burps it smells like lavender.
“It’s not about the size, it’s about the method”

I’ve been telling my girlfriends that for years...
That’s amazing! We should all go a hit our significant others now! #ironmike
Loved them bustin his balls at the grill. Like real family cookin
I love my grill, but there's something about a flattop that can't be replicated at home.
Sitting on the "subway train"....
Family is from Jersey city?  Must be Filipino
why is Padma being the WOAT
Alvin should've spent some time in that gym...

Morbid obesity is no joke.
Recommendation captain mix guide inevitable application closed ankle.
Finest indian
Padma to hot for this.... First We Feast should be ugly dudes like Alvin,Sean,Matty and Crocker King! ;D
That grill is soo low.
Ya'll went to the wrong White Manna, The one in Hackensack is the true White Manna.
That dj Khalid looking dude sitting next to them gmfu
I go to White Mana in Jersey City all the time! This is so great, one of my favorite channels and food spots combined!
Padma so damm fine !!!
Skin so god damn flawless.
Liked the video, but that make-up line plug....
How is it this is a video on sliders but Padma the most delicious thing on screen you smell me
Wait!
Indians eat beef?
I can't watch this knowing Padma has eaten on the subway...
I'm a simple man. I see Padma, I press play.
8:18 well ha ha ha Padma what a funny joke.  Judge, or just judgmental?
Yassss for the shameless plug 🤣
mama mia
I'm a simple man I see Padma I click
i like that whole ·old school feeling of that place, I love the "it hasn't changed in 40 years" stuff. and that guy looked like from a movie! hahaha, I'd love to go eat some burguers at that place, I would feel like in the 70s.
Padma such a beauty!!!!
0:03 I agree so much👌
The owner looks like a Sopranos cast member  XD
Second
The judge is a real hottie.
Hey I put a lot of effort into this and have a very short budget to promote. All I can do is share through social media so here I am doing that. I’m just an artist from the Rio Grande Valley trying to turn a dream into a reality. I got to start somewhere and this is where I’m starting. Please listen and share. Thank you!
they are over analyzing simple dishes.
I see the Flag of the Five Escutcheons,viva Portugal!
I hope he is enjoying life right now because the way he is living he won't make it past 50
Why does he bother growing a beard, he looks like an ungroomed nutsack
I really have to resume my sopranos binge
awesome.
very cool bit about Mike's pigeons. i remember that.
it has been a while. dang, i want strong onions and brown pommery mustard.
I need Jimmy the Juice's story from the service. I NEED IT.
This series always makes me so hungry
Great episode. I've been on the fence about this new show, but Alvin's getting into it and I can get on board with more like this. Nice work.
she looks a bit like Pocahontas.
My mother is from North Jersey and brought me here because she use to come back in the 70's. Amazing
You guys need a new host for this burger show. This guy isn't very enthusiastic.
He looks like the guy from the sopranos
Padma is a 10 on the delicious scale.  Hot, smart, likes to eat...  the NJ slider place is like what White Castle style sliders?
OH That's why Tyson has pigeons in that Mike Tyson mysteries:p
Love Alvin!!!!
My new favorite show.
That place is dirty as hell do not be fooled
thats some don corleone shit going on out there!!!
needs some special sauce. bash burger is still The king.
mans got elf ears
Great episode! Going to New York in the spring or fall and will make my way to Jersey for these!
How's everyone enjoying this show?
Jesus, does Padma not age? She's like an immortal.
White Castle was first (1921)
They should have trademarked "slider". Burgers are cooked the same way...almost exactly. 
I'm sure White Mana's are better though because White Castle is not that good.
the White Rose never got the respect it deserved. My favorite burger in NJ.
I always thought Padma Lakshmi was the most beautiful woman. She’s 47 now and looks better than most half her age
4:44 she’s like “that’s why you’re obese”
padma a baddie son
His beard isn't masking the other chins very well.
Wouldn’t be surprised if Joey Diaz knows Mario Costa.
Jersey City we here!! Shout out to everybody from the hill!!!
"It's not about the size, it's about the method." Yeah, keep telling that to yourself, Calvin.
I'm thinking you don't want to say anything if you don't like Mario's burgers.
this filipino dude is not a good talker
Wow !! it's just me or she's a beauty !!!
I thought Indians couldn't eat beef.
Fat Asian guy scared to cook
4:42 lmao we can tell bro 😂
Mario be like fuhgeddaboudit
Really cool place, I love the mom and pop places, sit and eat tell stories with the owner, and hang with the regulars, I'm hours away, if anyone wants to take me I'll go.
A show about eating tons of burgers every week is the last thing this guy needed.
You guys have to go to Johnny's Hots in Jamestown,NY!!!
WHAT A BABE🔥❤🔥
I like a thicker patty, I like my burger rare and juicy with lettuce and tomato.
Yo! I get a Five Guys burgesa and skip the fries... but I do take the complimentary peanuts and feed them to meself and the squirrels and birds next to a man-made lake in Edina, Minnesota USA. It's nice. Sometimes I see a great white egret.
She looks like Ivanka Trump but darker
Total fake sliders. If you want a real slider come to Detroit. Bates hamburgers in Livonia and Farmington set the slider standard for the nation. Also Brays and Greens are right behind. This is fact! If you need a tour send me a PM so we can schedule it. One last thing, Padma is a total queen fox, such a beauty.
Now Tith me . Thats tyson said after this burger
"it tastes home-made" LOL
#BIGBITE!
Hackensack White Manna is the true MVP. Sorry you wasted your time in Jersey City.
Mario never had the makings of a varsity athlete.
Mario strangely looks like Anton Chigurh.
Hey is that Silvio Dante?
Don’t people worry about their health? I mean the host has some real weight issues.
1:29 2nd guy from the right, i see you josh hutcherson!
padma makes my pants feel tight
"You like vegetables?  I'm the complete opposite" oink
Padma's a tough cookie.
1.Wake Up 😴
2. Go to College 😠
3. Meet a hot girl 😍
4. Kiss a hot girl 😈
Correct Order : 2 , 3 , 4 , 1
Come on bruv.....I like food too.....but you look like the personification of heart attack. Take care of yourself.
😂 your hired, im fired
Forget the 🍔....That top chef is oooooooolalaaaaa😍😘
Padma is still the most beautiful woman on earth.
Hot ones is the ONLY reason I am subbed to this channel
MARIO LOOKS LIKE SYLVIO FROM THE SOPRANOS YOOOO
There's a couple places like these in Michigan and they're all fantastic. These slider burgers made in front of you paired with a nice cold milkshake is just about the best combo you can get.
Padma.....is a Goddess....
i wish she were my wife omg
Matty Matheson > first we feast.
you're hired I'm fired
So that's why they're called "sliders"?
I remember working there during the blackout in 03. That side of the city had power and every where else was out. The line to get food did not end lol.
its crazy to think how far this channel has come that just started with eating wings
I rather hot ones than watching these recipe and burger shows..No disrespect intended, its why I subscribed in the first place.
Mmmm....Padma....
I was waiting for tony soprano to enter
Mario looks like an Italian mobster but his name is so spanish haha.
Padma know her stuff is tight and wet...child support trap....
padma can get 2 inches. ATM style
padma!!! next step ramsey
I can't believe Alvin said "It's not about the size, it's the method" and nobody blinked, not even Padma!
Wise guys all over the place tho
Jimmy the juice reminds me of Junior Soprano.
aaa mariooo ,sembra un capo clan   ??
I would have rather enjoyed a plug for Mac n cheese than mac make up.
I want to hear more about this orange juice situation
Those prices @ 2:39 !!! Can't be the current ones!
Nah that dude is in the mob lol
AT LEAZT IT WASN"T A GIANT DAMP FART YOU UNLEASHED JUST AS THE DOORS CLOSeD ON THE SUBWAY and the person sitting right next to the door takes in your fecal smells through the nostrils and then stands up and walks to the end of the tram
I love the burger show ☺️🙃😄🤣😂😭
I don't know man, could have also done White Rose System as well but you would have to visit deep into the heart of NJ.
9 minute video on smashing onions onto a unknown cut burger whilst steaming buns.
padma is goddess
I wanna see Alvin play Diner Duo VR :)
That's quite an Adams apple
Is it just me, or does that Mario guy kind of look like Silvio Dante from The Sopranos? At least from the side view.
Padma 💜 still and always a babe
5:20 what did the guy give you
Tf I always watching this when I’m high af like damn
I love Padma, only she would pull out her own eponymous makeup products and reapply after eating a burger.
1:42
I'm in Burger Heaven...
There is a place Almost exactly like this but smaller city/town. Fort Wayne has a place called Powers Burgers. Tiny little shack next to the baseball stadium. Go to a game, get some burgers after.
Padma is a total babe. <3
I love this Burger series. It’s the number one “#1” video I look forward to on Tuesdays! I’m stationed at Ft Benning, GA and hope you can come here
Love this series
Padma is amazing.
The host should have stayed on the gym side...
Okay, this show is officially kicking ass at this point.  Just sayin'.
mac plug thu lol
nice chief, burger
jimmy is a juice type situation
I wonder if they're going to do a Pizza show... I'd imagine they're a ton of pizza types
the MAC plug?
Damn she's cute
Ringside! Let's goooo 201
YOO WHITE MANA
.....GMM
It doesn't get more Jersey than White Manna.  Making me want to pick some up on the way home now.
Get my boy Salman Rushdie on here..oh wait no one knows who that is
Purple Rain  lettering?  7:26
2:43 the fluff is over and they're actually at the restaurant.
Aaaaand now I know why they're called "Sliders". Excellent :)
lol i drive by this place every other day i had no idea
Not in North Jersey, but in Central. But you all should head to White Rose in Highland Park.
Damn, the judge sure is hot. Gonna go beat some meat.
That Mario is a proper lad!
Padma is beautiful.
Came here for a food video, got an awesome story as an added bonus.
very subtle makeup plug
Parma, is a whole snack.
If they said anything bad mario would've chopped them
Anybody else wonder what DJ Khaled is doing in the background? 3:48
"It's not about the size, it's about the method..."
bada bing bada boom it's a boygaa
I kind of hope they use jersey beef in the burgers
White Castles or down south Crystals....
TIL Mike Tyson is still alive
haha love her plug with her line. Great video
Why is she so fine?
Portugal!! <3
Oh my GOD shave that rat beard!!   Yelch
Is this not cross contamination central?
You are hired i am fired
You gotta let the cheese melt, wassamattawitchu
Jersey City represent!
I was shocked to hear he doesn't like lettuce and tomato on his burger
4:19 "It's not about the size it's about the method" 🍌🍼🍑
Something is missing from this show. I can't put my finger on it but I am not entertained even though I love burgers.
This guy is gonna die if he keeps eating burgers
Is that botox overload
Jersey ❤️
Ugh Padma bugs.
4:19-4:22 a chick once told him that trying to be nice...he took it to heart...smh!
That Mac plug though...
Preach!!
Loving all these burger videos
'It’s not about the size, it’s about the method'. looks deep into padma's eyes.
Next time leave Padma out of the video plz
that old dude with the hat in the background looks quite entertained
she looks like kaitlyn jenner in the thumbnail
i love this woman...
i'm going to dislike this for hating on In-N-Out burgers. Diaper pins or diapers, they make amazing burgers and fries.
So that's where the"slider" name comes from?
I like the old school style but at least clean up the place a bit.
Hackensack version is so much better
i love me Padma!  And Burgers!
young mario looks like oscar isaac.
LOVE how Padma grabbed the hot sauce! Pretty much like....mmm....this white people food....okay now its decent.
Padma looked so uncomfortable at first as if she's been hit on in a unrespectable way when she came in before the cameras got rolling. She still kept impeccable composure and brought an A game to this show in a crappy restaurant.
Everybody know the White Mana in Hackensack is wayyy better. Only time you go to the JC one is if you drunk lmaooo
Wise guys, huh?
Dude, come on man.  White Manna in Hackensack is where you should have gone.
Dope episode
4:18 are you still talking burgers Alvin? :P
How many drive-by shootings has Mario perpetrated?
Love White Mana
4:19 ”Its not about the size” his face makes it seem like hes talking about something else
Such a boring topic, burgers are nice because they’re fatty and salty that’s it. There’s no nuance to it, they’re either nice or they’re not. Hearing these people struggle to make this interesting is cringey af
Did this chick just plug her makeup?? HELLOA?
She even went on Good Mythical Morning to promote her makeup line, super cringey
I feel like he deals crack in the seller of the gym cuz he looks like a mob boss
She has a really nice smile I'm not even going to lie
4:20 try explaining that to my gf
Jersey City is in Hudson county hence not considered North Jersey. The line in the sand in as soon as you cross from Cliffside Park into North Bergen.  It might as well be considered a different state.
Damn when did he get back from Norway and have time to buy the burger joint?
She 👏 is 👏 just 👏 so 👏 freakin 👏 hot 👏 daaamnnn!!
Steamed hams, ay?...
He looks like Silvio from Sopranos!!
PADMA
when do they flip??
I love this show!!
I don't think Padma was that impressed but didn't say she didn't like it to be nice
What a good guy
http://cuon.io/mZ1j0
All I could think about was my late teen years and eating 15 or more White Castle and stacking the boxes on the car antenna after a night of drinking with friends.
don't get better than burgers and Padma
On one hand, you have a large greasy man with unkept, uneven wirey facial hair and patchy acne scarred/crater filled skin.. and on the other hand, you have the beautiful Padma Lakshmi.
Crazy they just filmed this last week. I drove by them when they were there
That MAC plug tho... 🤔🤑💰 Collect the bag, baby girl 😘😍
PADMAVATI
Franchement dégoutant. Chaque fois que je vois ce gros dégeux jai peur quil crève dune crise cardiaque avec toutes ses artères bloquer :/
Check put the Winnipeg, Greek burger. Nicks inn and red top or Georges. It's worth it
Padma is a good looking woman.
Place is great!
I’m only here for padma 🤤
JERSEY
Wait wait wait he worked at a burger place and saved enough to buy the restaurant or go to law school????
An orange juice situation
she's a food snob.. She'll never understand classic Americana food.  F her
i love alvin
He was beating that patty trying to show Padma his stroke game
She said it taste homemade...smh!!
I'm just a normal guy that loves burgers. How do i get a show to tour the country eating great burgers?
Im sorry but padma looked like the real burger👅
She is thee most beautiful woman alive
I would marry her and worship her forever and a day bruh bruh she's so fine
Looks like Silvio Dante cooks a mean burger, glad Uncle Junior was there to say his piece also
Padma sounds like her face is plastic
I think the plug thing was a joke
The likes are just because of her...she has an unbelievably interesting personality.
Calling yourself a burger-lover is like calling yourself a water-drinker  lol
PORTUGAL CARALHO!
Damn she's hot
Mario is so badass, he made money in law school.
Reminds me of the onion burger from OK.
wtf does Padma Lakshmi know about burgers. give me a break.
This guy was breathing so hard making the burgers, imagine walking up the stairs, jesus
pizza show > burger show
First?
Hackensack White Mana all day
hey Padma, marry me
The only way padma would ever eat there would be if they smashed 1000$ bills into that burger...oh...wait...
So sliders got the name from how they are cooked and slid over on the flat top, not due to the small size that resteraunts like to call them.
Dude saved up enough money to buy a diner from working at a diner? He is so in the mob.
You need to do a show on the the jersey burger. Burger with taylor ham and a egg on top
Every new video......I eat at my local burger joint.  LOL well done!
Padma Lakshmi, I'd eat that all day!
I want to know what that orange juice situation was.
Portugal
This show is gonna kill him
JERSEY CITY REPRESENT!!!!
4:18 "it's not about the size" here's the truth
white mana is just a ripoff of white castle.
i making this trip out there to try this burger
I want to eat her fur burger! 😋
id eat that burger, and her
I ❤️ Padma
Damn, she's fine!
Tell Mario that you will have the gabagool
What about White Manna in Hackensack?
YUM  !!!!!
I understand these are all East Coast West Coast people, but they really need to come down south. Try a Texas Whataburger and they'll never want to go back home
Ooohhh Padma
Please shave big boy
Padmas face is paralysed?
hackensack is way better.
She does not age!
Hot womannnn .....
Only a 14hr drive for me. Looks worth it
Mario is 120% proper mobster
I just ate a burger.
Love me some padma baby
The burger show in this style in so much better, the past shows have been really crap
How does Padma make eating a burger so sexy? 🍆
The guy cooking the burgers looks like he is out of the sopranos
So after building a Bad Ass Bar in Lillehammer he is now flipping burgers? At least he is back home I guess.
Alvin, you look terrible.  Hard to take you seriously because you obviously don’t take yourself seriously.  Seek help for your addictions.
How many people do you think Mario whacked? They're probably eating human flesh in those sliders.
I was hoping this place would keep a low profile for locals. Now it’s about to flooded by hipsters.
Padma crying about lettuce n tomato? Pfft gtfo. Eat it the way the guy intended ffs. Rude,
I don’t know know who Padma is but she doesn’t belong here.
White Castle >
I would so much rather watch a reality show about this diner rather than the other crap on these days.
I came here for Padma
i remember the first time i ate at the white mana. it was the very first day i had ever gotten my license. i just wanted to go around and explore, and i ended up getting horribly lost in jersey city. i was honestly terrified. i was just some punk kid from the suburbs and now i was in real, unfamiliar, urban territory. i pulled into the lot, and sat there trying to figure out where i was and how to get back home before i ran out of gas. i finally broke, went in, completely oblivious to where i was and what i was about to eat. ive been a foodie all my life, so to calm down i decided that id eat some food. ill never forget just how kind and understanding the staff was, and how good the food tasted. they let me use the phone to call home, and thank god my mom answered. if it was my stepdad id still be at the white mana today. she was able to come to my rescue and tell me how the hell i had to get home. jersey city is a place i feel i could always know more about. the roads are confusing, the drivers are assholes, the rush hour is painful, but the people there are some of the best in the world, as long as you look in the right place. this video really brought back that memory in full, very well done.
Lame
White Mana all day.
That has been a bit too distracted episode. Loved the episodes before - but I just find, that this has just missed the point.
god i want her babies
Padma doesn’t like it
she's hot
Hope you still read the comments dude does I'm a little behind but on another note bro you should come to Fort Wayne Indiana and try Powers burgers cuz all they do is sliders to and they are freakin Killer
So the burger buns are put on top of the raw meat and it’s just streamed until they’re ready?
this dude is gona die young. he needs to respect his body a bit more and lose weight
Mario you need to start to serve francezinhas, those americans would love it
Which Kardashian is this chick?
no  boo its about the size and the method. too small is still too small.........and those burgers are NOT cooked. have fun at the hospital
Go to The White Hut in West Springfield Massachusettes. It's been there since '39. Awesome thin burger with perfect fried onions made right in front of your face.  Sawdust on the floor, grab a few cartons of milk from the drink cabinet, and hang out with the "Westside" locals. The place is slam packed every single day for lunch, you literally can not fit another body into the front door.
Reminds me of white castle for some reason
My Man is about to have a straight Panic Attack at 8:15... stfu Padme. Dang. She should know better. You knever say, "Whats a matter with you" to anyone... except your enemy. She hate him, I guess.
I agree with Padma that these insanely thick burgers at some restaurants are stupid. It's a novelty and a trend that will fade away with time. However, she's also wrong for saying she likes the correct bun to patty ratio and then likes the slider. A 1oz patty on that bun is not proportionate either.
White Castle style
That's the way it was when I was growing up in Detroit. They called them Greasy Spoons, a diner where you could either get a slider or a breakfast plate. My favorites were the fried egg sandwiches. Always tasted better in a diner. They have all but disappeared in most regions.
looks like a homemade white castle.
That guy can't be a food critic without being able to eat vegetables... basically he's just eating shit food. Dog food. Might was well call this Dog Food channel. But i appreciate it anwyawws.
so almost like white castle?
The sonic drive in advertisement is ripping off daft punk’s lose yourself to dance
Yo this show sucks
That judge chick has the most fake inflection to her voice - it’s grating. I’m sure she’s a handful
She's soooo hot lol
You haven't tasted a burger until you come to sweden. There are a lot of great burger restaurants here.
Did she say eating on a subway maybe she mean the sandwich shop
I'm only here for one reason and its not those disgusting burgers.
It feels so wrong watching a morbidly obese man avoid vegetables
I used to live right next to the white manna in Hackensack it sucks and is bland so much better options in nearby NYC, hell even White Castle which is 5 minutes away from white manna is better.
She's so hot
I'm visiting NYC in December is it worth making the trip to White Mana?
First comes white mana then the murder burgers White Castle
i cant watch this it feels like its scripted with horrible acting
this guy should shave or something...made the food look disgusting
You have to think wheather he meant to call the restaurant white Manor and it was a typo and he was just too embarrassed to change it.
ahahah everyone hated her on GMM as well :)) I think she's doing it on purpose now
This place is no match for the white mannas in hackensack. Only good thing about this place is that it's located close to ringside where you get the colorful drinks in plastic chinese soup containers to go...watch out for nasty hookers tho.
The girl looks like plastic.
Its not the size.. its the method.
My favorite burger spot (non slider) has to be Krugs Tavern in Newark. You guys need to try it out. Actually don't, I want to still be able to get a seat in there, haha.
Lived around the corner a few years ago, I’m sorry but but the burgers are gross..
B E A T  T H A T  M E A T
BRING PEWDIEPIE ON HOT ONES
White manna Hackensack is the way better, its not the original but it’s the best slider in the world.
“It’s not about the size it’s the method”
please lose weight. not healthy
Where’s Sean??????
So how many bodies do you think are buried under the White Mana?
Fat Dood gets on the grill at 7:35. Why would you bring Padme to this place? (I spelt it wrong on purpose to make fun of this video). Fifth or in the case of this video Filth Wall Breaking. Doooingoingoingoingoing....
I'll never get tired of watching this dude have passionate conversations about burgers.
Mario is badass
Next time im in Jersey i gotta go here, gotta feel truly gangster for one day lol
HACKENSACK WHITE MANA IS THE OG SLIDER SPOT
Reppin the white manna in hackensack!
she has one of the best missionary faces of all time
Love the burger show!!
Why is everything so rehearsed? Relax a little, be yourself
This guy is too Italian. Jersey city is Hispanic now.
240 likes and 0 dislikes 😍😁
Pizza show is gone, burger show is now.
I really like this show, mostly because of the content. Though its in spite of the host, not because of him. Shouting into the void and what not, but man, sure would be cool if they replaced this guy with Shaun or the guy from the Pizza Show.
The Hackensack white mana is better
I love Padmas personality. She never talks to sound like a pretentious culinary snob trying to break down everyday food.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, SHE'S BACK! She's my fave episode ever!
So much botox. Her face has only one expression.
Padma totally wants Alvin's meat!  You can cut the sexual tension with a butter knife.
look i understand that to understand where food is going you need to understand where it's come from, but those burgers look nasty
that looks shittier than a white castle burger
Unsubscribed to First We Feast....I subscribed because Hot Ones only..Anyone else feel like I do?
I feel bad for this pig.
I dont get it... I am from germany and for me this looks like extremly low quality food... why is there such a hype? For me this is not much of cooking culture or good food. This is just a shitty and cheap Burger thats it...
That's not Seth Rogan? OMG
I love how it's not even Sean Evans' show and he immediately rolls in with the host quips the moment he has screentime lol
That's like an $8 novelty burger vs a $25 hipster burger.
Maybe its the weed but i was honestly convinced that the dude with the hat was Seth Rogan for the entire show
My stomach was audibly growling by the end of this.
That wasn’t even close, Alvin won by far. 
Now, if you want to see a real competition match up Alvin v. Matty!
Do you agree with the judges? Which burger would you rather try?
What is this amateur hour?
Every Canadian knows it's fries, then cheese curds, THEN gravy.
C'mon man
Here's my thought on how to make Ilan's burger more douchey/IG-friendly:

You've got the bahn mi ingredients and the poutine ingredients, but when it's all stacked together, you can't really make out what's going on in there. Also, it looked like the roll he used was smaller so it was more burger bun-sized.

Go for a full-sized french roll and serve the thing up open-faced. Have the burger and the bahn mi fixings on one side, and have the poutine and pulled pork on the other side. You can see more of the ingredients. You can tell that it's poutine AND bahn mi in one sandwich. Then, if people actually want to eat it, they can smush it together after taking pictures.

Ilan, I gotchu. DM me next time you're doing one of these.

p.s. You can be an even bigger asshole and stick a Canadian flag on the poutine side and a Vietnamese flag on the bahn mi side.
Seth Rogen...is that you?
Chopped: Internet Chefs 

Binging with Babish, Chef John from Food Wishes, Matty Matheson, and EmmymadeinJapan. MAKE IT!
Sean Evans is my favorite person. Lol
Matty looks like the hamburgler with that purple hat!haha
that one dude made a salad not a burger
put eddie huang in this shit and best cast ever
Oddly enough, Matty's opinion seems to be the only one I would value. Sorry folks, this isn't wings or just traveling and talking about the area.
burger host makes me feel healthy.  thumbs up.
God I hope this panel comes back in another form.
Chopped: Hot Ones edition
Alvins burger look like a heart attack between grilled cheese buns
Dude next time you do this get the cast of Bob's Burgers to judge! 💜💜💜
brb just gonna go watch the salad show to rid my clogging arteries of the guilt
hold on did that female host whip out a PAUSE. mad respect LOL
MATTY MATHESON YEAHH
matty is the only one on the bench here that is qualified to judge food
1:01 No joke, I thought that was Seth Rogen. Looks just like him!
Poutine and Vietnamese probably shouldn't be combined. That's too many flavors.
"Clout Rocketship" - Sean Evans
This was kinda epic..  not gunna lie! Annnnnnd now I want a  burger!
Wait wait wait... an american show that did poutine properly (fries, cheese curd and brown gravy, and not bbq sauce and cheddar or other monstrosities)?? That made me very happy.

Also, this was epic.
can you say AUW?

good now say G-AUW-DA instead of g-oo-da
So thought that was Seth Rogan 😂
Thank god for Alvin on this channel.  Gone are the cringy days of Sean competing in these cooking competitions; barely even able to keep from burning cereal.  He's a great interviewer, host, and judge, but needs some practice before he joins any more competitions.

Love this channel, and everyone on it.
Ron Swanson vs Chris Traeger 2.0
So as he was making that first burger my heart started hurting a little. Is my heart trying to warn me about something?
by the way info, if you can talk about nut, we all can. 
equalityyy.
Nawh, first we feast, you spelt Seth Rogan's name wrong. He also sounds sick in this episode. You should have let him get better before filming.
He put the cheese curds on after the gravy??? The monster
For a moment I thought that was Seth rogen. I enjoyed the vid
this was dope. I'd watch more of this.
"Professional Chef" dude doesn't even know how to prepare poutine.
Seth Rogan / Ryan Reynolds looking ma facka
I thought I was the only one who mixed household items together! 

Warning: don't mix bleach with acids in the house.
I'm sure many other people have said this but I nearly shit my pants when that guy spoke and it wasn't Seth Rogen's voice lmao
I was expecting him to say, just kidding I'm Seth Rogen.
Any burger with a spherical patty can GTFO
"so thats how you're gonna win? you're gonna put crack in the burger.." LMAO
Actually really enjoying the new burger show
Alvin shouldve used red onions instead of regular ones since he was going for the stitch look
I was 100% sure that was Seth Rogen
Visually the first burger is way more appealing imo
Why is the meat on these shows always undercooked?
Besides that, good episode...😳
FWF, Binging With Babish, and You Suck At Cooking all uploaded today.

There just might be a god.
Baseball!  That gives me so many ideas for my own concepts.  Thank-you!
I liked the chemistry between the chefs. The perfect combination of competition and respect IMO
(*Homer Simpson drooling uncontrollably*)
I thought that was Seth Rogen :D
I’m guilty of watching the first 15 second intro several times in a row...... 

ON TO THE NEXT BURGERRRR!!
That baseball burger gets my vote! I wish it was a garlic bread grilled cheese. Other than that a grill cheese bun stuffed burger with hint of onion around the burger, WOW! SO GOOD!
Alvin, that baseball burger was dope especially coming from a 2nd place city. I LOVE IT!!! GO STROS!!!
"Is food about taste" after hearing that I just clicked off the video I just knew it was going to be a shit storm
Epic. Thought that was Seth Rogen :)
i clicked on the video for Seth Rogen but i but immediately became disappointed
Junk yard goat!!! That's great,, easy to please guest
i liked, then wanted to like it again. then i watched it more, and wanted to like it ... but forgot i already liked it.
More of this show  !!!
Hold on, are you telling me that isn't Seth Rogan?
This is like Ron Swanson vs Chris Traeger
I'm stealing that nutritional yeast/porcini powder idea for seasoning. Genius.
maybe add tomato powder for the complete umami equation.
Matty Matheson is a god damn gem, Sean Evans cadence, always, cracks, me up and Miss Info is the shit.  Great video.
Jimmies rustled by the iPhone X cut out. The iPhone 8 outsold the X, u trendy fuxxx jkjk
This made my pu$$y grow
Curds on top of the Gravy  = TOTAL FAILURE.   This man does not understand poutine.
The whole time I was screaming *cilantro on a burger? You mad man"
Nice.  How'd you get Seth Rogen on the show?  :)
I'm a simple man, I see matty matheson and I click.
I watch anything with Matty in it 🤦🏽‍♂️
make this a regular show.  LOVED this.
If I had to choose one, I would choose the banh mi one. I value more taste than looks. I would eat both though.
I seriously thought that was Seth Rogen
I like the idea of a burger showdown show, instagram crazy or not, with fun guest judges. I hope y'all do more videos like this!
Great video! I wish we could have heard more from Miss Info and Matty though.
Both are delicious ideas, but I think I would choose the baseball burguer. Is the simplicity of a classic burguer, with an innovative presentation. The other just looked like "lets throw all this ingredients together and see what happens"
This dude's cheeks are starting to look like burger meat.
20/10 would eat both very noisily
When we start integrating social media speak/ lingo into RL, we've all become much much dumber than God's originally intention
For a brief second I though Seth Rogen was in this episode
Chopped, but with people I like to watch 
Do this again.
to whoever from FirstWeFeast that made the exploded view animation with the ingredients I want you to know you're beautiful and I love you ❤
i thought that dude was Seth Rogen lol
Realized half way threw the video that I was getting a hard on.
"Sean DEFINETLY can't talk about the jizz"
It feels like there's some anecdote there we might never know.
holy shit what a reunion lol
WE NEED MORE OF THESE STUNT BURGER SHOWDOWNS!!
Gravy, Kewpie, and Sriracha?  I dunno about that
What a damn good intro. Let me know exactly what I was in for with style.
Can't have a better judge than Matty Matheson..... he is the only chef who could school Gordon Ramsey .... (in trash talk)   ;)
Im a simple french canadian, I see poutine, i give a like
6:09 i love the way matty can't resist to have a lick from the burger 😂😂😂
Didn't know Seth Rogan cooked!
That baseball burger reminded me of some good hentai.
Seth Rogen has lost some weight! Almost didn't recognize him..
Ilan Hall was such an epic turd on Top Chef it's truly sad he can still hold on to some celebrity.
Great casting of judges. Love it! 10x better than the shit shows on tv.
I wish they would do more “competitions” like this with these 3 judges
You're telling me that dude isn't Seth Rogan
those onions rings made the ball man, great stuff
This was great and should it be repeated give the judges more screen time, they have a really nice thing going!
Rikishi and poor man's Seth Rogan make burgers
Oooooh, they use rational ovens, my dad works in rational dude. I feel so proud hahah.
He looks just like seth rogan but like 15-20 pounds lighter xD
Seth Rogans burger looked dope
cheese curd before gravy man...
Am I the only one to fast forward to the judging?
I thought that was Seth Rogan at first lol
That was super cool, you should do a series in this format!
Wait, how did they get a hold of cheese curds in America? I was honestly expecting the guy to butcher the poutine, but other than just a too thick sauce, it looks pretty great.
Uncle Papa Bless?
Ilan won on taste but lost on presentation. The line at the end was a mad flex, though. Great episode.
y'all need to do more of these burger showdowns! great stuff
Sean referring to himself as a junkyard goat was great
"I'm having some ideas" - proceeds to then pull out a spice mix and some pulled pork he made earlier...
I'm loving all these burger videos with Alvin. Dude's super chill.
Miss Info looking like a petite snack burger.
Baseball burger for the win
i applaud the satire.  it must be hard to work into a cooking show. alvin winning with 2/3s of the judges saying he made the lesser burger is brilliant.
"I am a junkyard goat when it comes to food." - Sean Evans: Panel Judge, 2018. That's worthy of a head stone quote lol. Bury me with that
That second burger - I would never order that.
baseball? more like heart attack.
Sean is definitely the Ted Allen of the food judges up there
Seth: “ so mayo, mustard, ketchup and pickles mixed together?”
Matty: “it’s called condiment Seth, condiment.”
miss info has gotta be about 60.....
No jizz talk!!

God damn I love Matty.
Matty!!!!!
Seth Rogan sounds weird in this video.
Honestly been loving the huge variety in this show while still sticking around burgers. Keeps the show very interesting. Keep up the great work!
Make IT Simple Furniture Website: www.misfurniture.net
A Perfect Moment To Save Money On Home Office Furniture. Lower Price Best Quality!
Free Delivery With Any Purchase!
Great ways to save· Online Furniture Store
Sean is in interview mode 24/7. Thought I was watching hot ones for a sec.
I have never been this early to anything except my premature birth which left me with horrible deformities..
Damn way to keep it real. Cooking aside, this is probably the best food competition I've watched.
Thought they had brought in Seth Rogan for a moment
Top 10 Anime Crossovers
I'm in class and shouldn't be watching this.
WTF you win for more clout not skill.. wtf??
No matter what it is, it’s always better uncensored 🙏🏼
Great video loved it do more of these love the new addition yall are making me hungry haha
I want more Burger Showdowns, Matty was hilarious!
Diggin this new burger content
A1 show. Keep this going and moving forward. I want to see this at the top o the charts from here on and forever
no idea what a "stunt" burger is as im not on social media so this will be an experience
I love videos like this. Got an interesting challenge, cooking demonstration, and hilarious personalities. Great work everyone
yeah stove top cooking in my house is for veggies, ramen, tea or the rare soup only lol
this should be a series. i LOVE burgers, love cooking comps, lets do this feast!
Alvin needs to shave that little kid pube beard. if you cant grow a full beard just dont. he's cool though.
WHEN are we gonna get a matty Matheson, action bronson and Eddie huang collab!? Heck even chuck mayhem in there!
This was great pls do more. The one dude looks like Seth rogan
you're lying that's actually Seth Rogen
As Action Bronson once said, "are you Primanti Brothering me?".
Great video. I would love this as a series
shawn evans is a mf host 24/7
Dude I would eat that baseball burger!  I wanted to see more of that thing smashed and cut in half!
This show is great man,  i love it
Anyone notice that the white dude kinda looks like the American Seth Rogen?
Sean Evans: The Junkyard Goat.
I love the fact that all 3 of these judges are unhinged in their comments. And say what you want the Top Chef judges to say.
oh shit. at first glance, i thought that was seth rogen.
Pulled pork on a burger, no. One or the other!
Marcel should’ve won.
Wtf is discount Seth Rogan doing cooking Bahn Mi sandwiches?
We need Harley from Epic Meal Time!
dude got put in his place.
calls himself a pro chef but puts gravy before cheese curds in poutine.... facepalming so hard! where my quebecois at?
The judges are hilarious
I love Alvin but his facial hair is infuriating.
Man, those judges are tough! Not even a retweet?? Damn.
If Seth Rogan had a better speaking voice
Need these three judging more crazy food!
This show has really reinspired my love for burgers. I love you.
love the friendly banter that these got going on. want more !
Curds on top of gravy, bad move
He's right, there's way too many ingredients in that burger. In the baseball Burger wins by default
wtf is miss info talking about? imagine being a chef and hearing "poutine burger?, I thought it would be poutine as the buns!!''
Legends! They are legends in one episode
I love Sean Evans such a cool genuine guy, smiling every time he speaks. Make my morning more
Dude in the wrong line of work. Should be a Seth Rogan doppelganger...
when that guy put poutine into a burger I was like "no you didn't" you dont disrespect poutine like that
You should make pizza + burger + bacon + egg + cheese burger
Abstract fence contemporary though presidency palm OK drink cave number.
I love how Sean Evans just takes over and owns the scene. Sean's the best
This needs to be a regular occurance....these judges, with  insanely  cool internet and cell chefs I guess.
Sean is such a Chicago dude
Miss info😍
♥️ HAMBURGER 🍔 WITHOUT BACON 🥓
I really enjoy this show, but my cholesterol levels skyrocket just by looking at those burgers.
Ilan reminds me of a a handsome version of Seth Rogen
Buddy looks like seth rogen ahhaha
These judges are the most unlikeable and obnoxious people ever. Just terrible.
Really loving the Burger Show. Would love to see a judging show with this panel for things other than burgers.
I really appreciate that they wrote Bánh Mì correctly
i clicked cause i thought i saw seth rogen
More videos of  Matty, Sean, and Miss info please ! i was laughing the whole time
I’m with Sean. I like just the plain junkyard looking food. Don’t give me a salad in my burger
Omg Seth Rogan...
Ilan Hall or Seth Rogan? guess only he knows
Put some hot sauce on it 🔥
Even though I'm a huge fan of poutine, I have to say, It is definitely bland enough to work as a bun.
Is that ladies name Miss information? Does she work for the Trump administration?
Banh Mi poutine burger is a war crime
my boy alvin is thicc but love the guy!
Mattie!  I thought that you weren’t going to open bottles with your teeth anymore!  (New dentist?). GREAT show, I love burgers, too. 👍
Anyone else think it was Seth rogen until he started talking
First?  Edit: oh wow this is a big moment for me. Uh, thank you all. :o
Matty reminds me of Grimace 😂
These two make an excellent pair. I hope they do more vids together!!
I am creative in that I mix sodas
Seth Rogan's brother?
bet that Asian chick has 
a nice fur burger.
Gotta say, I really enjoy this show...wouldn't mind a pizza version as well!
“Is this the clout rocket ship that I need to just start stacking likes?” What isn’t there to like about Sean?
Alvin, Sean, and especially Matty are my favorite food people ever. Love it.
more ingredients the better right lol
3:10 hahahahaha :D "i love putin" xDD
Top 10 anime crossovers
I wanna ride the clout rocket ship.
Seth Rogen????
Man y'all got a full espresso bar set up in there!
Discount Seth Rogan
When is the next season of knife fight??? It’s the only cooking show I will continue to watch!!!!
Ilan Hall is the culinary doppleganger of Seth Rogen
I though that was Reth Sogan
I just got done making a cheese sauce for my burgers tonight. Why condiment when you can cheese?

I need more hot ones though guys.
You heard of seth Rogan well this is jeff Rogan
that's not how you stitch a baseball. it should be one huge onion ring curved around. I would disqualify it for that.
Hey, I was drunk 1 minute ago. I'm glad to see this cast of characters give opinions
This needs to become it's own show.
Seth Rogen glowed up
Swear I thought it was Seth Rogen for a minute 😂
More episodes like this! This was awesome. Also I’d go for the poutine burger, just because of originality
"It's about time I lose something". Melo 3 to the Head
when miss info says how the burger is dry but its medium rare 😥
grill cheese top and bottom.. did u get that from five guys off menu burger?
Baseball
why not actually post them to instagram?
Knew the Mets fan would lose from the start  because he is a Mets fan.
100% truth, thought that was Seth Rogen when I first saw him, still not sure it isn't
12:22 Haven't you heard of Tinder?
Thought Ilan Hall was Seth Rogen at first
Honest I thought that guy was Seth Rogan
That was awesome! such a good episode. Everyone was hilarious
I thought Ilan was Seth Rogen until he started talking...lol
Why is Sean a judge doesn't he just ask questions
I refuse to believe that guy isn't Seth Rogen
Matty Matheson is my spirit animal ❤️
Honestly, I would buy Bahn Mi burger :D I think baseball is definitely more IG friendly, but Bahn Mi seems more interesting. I would probably leave out the fries though.
Please make this a regular format!
jeeezzz can we please get more Miss Info, she is tooo fire
I'm never gonna be able to get past the fact that Alvin's voice-overs always sound like a middle-schooler, standing in front of the class, reciting the essay that his mom helped him write.
Shoutout to the Diplomats hat!
Lol, Miss info? Sick nick name bro
I thought it was seth rogan at first lmao
I didnt know seth rogan was a top chef
Legit thought that guy was Seth Rogan at first
Yoooo this was amazing. Please do another one
Duuuude I thought he was Seth Rogen!
Dude...is that seth rogans twin!?
That poutine wasn't even properly put together. So sad.
Loved this!!!!
miss info "dont wanna unhinge my mouth, so i can fit this in, PAUSE" lol only in new york with the pause and no homo
can you do a series like this
the world needs more matty!
Alvin should have added bacon to each of the grilled cheese buns for the and called it the Grilled Cheese Bacon Baseball Cheeseburger #GCBBC
Eggslut guy won all the way
Both burgers looked really good and tasty
Watching this on thanksgiving roasting my turkey like... now I want a burger.
Man, Meg Griffin has changed a lot.
Go away Sean Evans...
"Poo-teen" Sacrilege.
You guys got a winner with this Burger Show.
Seth Rogen lost a lot of weight damn
Matty recently said that he'd stopped opening bottles with his teeth and getting into fights. Hey, at least he made SOME progress xD
Bro he looks just like Seth Rogan wtf lol
Seth Rogan did a good job
Poor man's Seth Rogan
This should be it's own show!!!!!
Sean Evans always trying to steal the show. 😂
5:52 Sean is thinking "Seth Rogan?"
Didn't know Seth Rogen was a cook
season with a little bit of salt


shows pepper



hehe
LOVE this show. It also makes me hangry AF. Alvin is killing it and my boy Justin Bolois is crushing the visuals and storytelling.
This is cool i like this. Hope this can be a new segment
Yo her boots are fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I would eat the "baseball burger", the other had just too much crap. 
but cook it a bit more, it looked raw. the meat ball was too big I guess.
How the f**k is this not a recurring segment??? This was hilarious
99 ingredients but a WIN ain’t one
I hate how forced these conversations seem because there’s a camera on them
I didn't know Steph Rogan could cook.
Cheese then Gravy = Poutine 101.  The cheese needs to melt.
I highkey thought that was seth rogen
Sean getting lost in the sauce on Alvin’s burger & this isn’t even a hot ones episode
Sean is my bro... he smoke weed thats why he like the ig burger
Just makes me think of Ron Swanson vs Chris in Parks and Rec.
This dude look like a cross between Ryan Reynolds and Seth Rogen
I love how this is youtube now. might as well be the damn food network!
ANYTHING Sean Evans does.....I will watch
where is the article you were speaking of ?
that one dude looked like seth rogen
This show is growing on me :)
9:22-9:25 What else are you thinking about other than burgers MissInfo? 😉😏💦
Thousand Island dressing is the Mac sauce and the King sauce...there's a reason it's delicious lol
I'm loving this burger show
Filipino dude from new Spider-Man movie vs. Seth Rogan 

Cook off
i thought that was seth rogen the first 10 second
wow this guy is friends with TWO seth rogens!
7:24 look at sean's slow butt lift, definitely a fart there.
everything based on social media now a days
Why did I think that one guy was seth rogen
Badger gave up meth dealing to be a chef?!
Seth rogan in first we feast, thats pretty cool, never thought he would be a guest
Seth Rogen imposter. If he don't have the laugh, he ain't Seth Rogen! Entertaining episode.
I thought Ilan was Seth Rogan lmfao
Miss Info😍
Best food judges ever!
Alvin's the man
for a minute i thought that glasses guy is seth rogen
stun burgers made by people who don't know how to stunt burger. ok...
I really like the Asian guy,  but his beard is shady as f
More Matty on everything. Also, if i really have to spend time figuring out how to bite a burger, you've lost me. These burgers are good as art but bad as food. Instagram is the devil
All hale the baseball burger
i wish i lived in a good city so i had something that aint a name brand burger i miss good city burgers
The guy who said he would destroy failed
Miss info and Matty need a show together!!!!
This was a hell of a lot funnier than I thought it would be.
I seriously thought that was Seth Rogen until he started talking...
Oh wait... That's not Seth Rogan?
I hate bloviated burgers.😖
Seth Rogan cooks a mean burger
"If your food like doesn't jizz"
These videos are the worst to watch when you’re doing a 24 hour fast and cutting. 😅
Is that Seth rogan
Why does the judging panel consist of a chef and 2 people who eat food?
We found Seth Rogan’s long lost twin!
I want a dirty burger now. Yeah baby yeah.
That guy looks like seth Rogan
That top chef guy is Chef Rogen
This series comes with a cholesterol medicine
Seth Rogan??
This is awesome
Poutine and burgers go together
Banh mi and burgers go together
But
Poutine and Banh mi and Burgers?
vegetables are the way to go man
TIL about baseball burgers LOL
Seth Rogan
what kind of monster puts gravy first on poutine?
What happened to Seth Rogan's voice?
Ol boy never uses vegetables
Matty Matheson is unbearably 
annoying.
Is that the long lost love child of Brian Redban and Seth Rogen?
I clicked because I saw Matty Matheson on the thumbnail
I don't watch this show because it makes me hungry.  I watch Hot Ones because they are great interviews, not because of the food angle.  I love wings and sometimes it puts me in the mood, but Hot Ones isn't a food show for me.
Oh thats not Seth Rogen?
Sean Evans the OG of first we feast
Keep em coming!!  Loved it!
Didn't knew Seth Rogen was also a chef
Alvin need to shave that struggling beard
Matty!!!
Bro what you doing basting ground beef in 3 gallons of butter
i thought it was Seth Rogen
More of these comps!
When did Seth Rogen become a chef?
MORE OF THIS SEGMENT!!!
Ilan Hall looks kind of like a clean-shaven Seth Rogen
Why does he look like Seth Rogen?
Yeah I dont eat because I'm hungry.
Alot of people don't know what seth rogen looks like
Sean definitely can’t talk about the jizz
12:24 Haven't even lost his virginity either. That's what I call a winner
Discount Seth Rogan?
Fun format, definitely more inter in trying the poutine burger
Seth rogans clone
Sean , For hot ones you should get ric flair on the show
This needs to be it's own show!
This is like when little kids get into the kitchen and they mix everything together. Peanut butter, jam, sardines, ketchup, marshmallows. The autism is strong in this one, plus Cilantro is worse than poison ivy.
I love Sean Evans so much it hurts
Seth’s a great cook
SEAN!!! Nice to see you not melting your face off for a change. Wondering what sauce you might add to the baseball burger for additional flavor - not necessarily for a heat spike, just flavor?
Alvin made the better TASTING burger but not the FACEING burger! Bow to social media!
This is the Avengers of First We Feast
Ron Swanson vs Chris Traeger
Miss Info is hot.
AaahhhaH forgot the  ribs
Seth Rogen's brother from another mother :D
If Seth was a chef
Woah! Love it!
Seth rogan if he was hella skinny
1:07 That's real life
That baseball burger looks good AF. 😱
11:06 Seth Rogen?
Bánh mỳ kìa 😂👌🏻
You guys should do something related to Bobs burgers!!!
this was really fun to watch!
why did ms info say pause lao
That double-chin tattoo though
3K likes on the burger and this video
fantastic episode. more of this please  good sir
He should have just done a poutine burger or a bahn mi burger not both in one. I just can't imagine those flavors working together
By any means, that looks delicious...
N O  M O R E  J I Z Z  T A L K
Sean and Matty <3
Seth Rogan lost:(
that's seth rogan
I have a feeling I'll be eating a burger for lunch today.
Scan structural afford pursue care by while largely trip.
Yo, these three are the bomb. They need to do more together.
Damn, Wario got a lot of tattoos.
Seth Rogans voice sounds funny
Thought that was Seth Rogan for a second
Seth organ lost slimmed down a bit.
umm....that's a basketball, not a baseball...I'm guessing he wasn't a jock in high school, but it looks pretty good!
I had no idea that skinny Seth Rogan was so into burgers!
Have to ask have you ever gone down south and been to cookout.  they have some great burgers,  My favorite is the Cheddar style which is onions, bacon, mayo, and cheddar cheese sauce.  Plus you can pick the size you want going from small to huge which is half a pound of meat.
Man Seth Rogen has too many talents
That dude with the glasses looks like a young Seth Rogen lol
i feel like if the "baseball" would have been deep fried it would take the cake even more. gonna go 100%, go big or go home. artery clogger as it is, make it as bad as it gets. the meat would have definitely not been dry that way. i've seen it done. big success every time.
Did Miss Info just say Pause before eating the burger? GTFO lol
The baseball burger, Discussing. The other one, Tasty.
This video was a must click
Repulsive.. I would like to see her say that sat among a starving dieing family. Im sure it will push the creativity. If you dont eat you die my dear.
Shout out that diplomat fitted #Harlem
It took me way too long to realize this wasn't seth rogen.
NO JIZZ TALK
Cant wait for part II !
SETH ROGANS BURGER SUCKED
baseball burger for the win, simple n fuxn d'lish
I refuse to believe that this guy isn't Seth Rogen
Sean Evans is an outstanding host. I could watch him read the phone book and it would be thrilling
Why is Seth Rogan's voice so high?
Too much swearing
very very entairtaining
At first I thought that guy was Seth Rogan.
damn i didn’t know Seth Rogan could cook lol #doppleganger
As I sit here in my NYC apartment, I find myself asking the question - WHY IS THAT BASEBALL BURGER NOT IN MY MOUTH?!
this The Burger Show show has been rocking it out of the park recently
This was awesome!
lookin like a meatloaf sandwich
Sean has to take over
Make this a show please!
more of this
Would have been funny if Action Bronson was one of the judges.
Bruh Ilan is Seth Rogen's brother for those of you who didn't know!
bustin nuts over here
Seth Rogan? Lucy Liu?
Matty Matheson makes my day
3:24 - can someone tell me what he's doing right there?
did  anyone else hear the "f@ck" @9:37??
FWF killing it once again!
Thank god I had food in front of me whilst watching this. Yum!
In for Matty and Sean. Out for Miss SJW.
YOU SHOULD START SHARING THESE RECIPES!!!!!!
I went to college in Montreal. I'm slightly amazed at the same shit I ate when shitfaced drunk is now some sort of culinary trend.
This was awesome.
What kind of pan is Alvin using to fry his burger?
Not offensive enough...love it
Did that guy steal Seth Rogan's hat and glasses?
maybe a pickle.
Jiiiizzzzzzz
She said jizz...love her
A more slim shaven Seth Rogen?
I need this to happen again
Alvin has to shave in order for anything to look remotely appetizing.
UN-EDIBLE
For a future burger show you should try Minnesota's juicy lucy.
For those guys criticising the dude for opening the door, the uploader is a 6'8 400 pound freak of nature nothing would of happened.
That wink 🤣🤣😂
Why Ms. Info?
In the middle of watching this I realized we are living in the future
Wtf I thought that was Seth Rogan
*The heart attack show
I wish I had Alvin’s body
Baseball burger ftw.  The other sandwich was just barely a burger at all.
I've never seen anyone who tattooed their double chin before.
The Burger show just gets better and better.
Matty in this video looks like if Eric Cartman grew up, got tattoos and became a Chef
It's a stunt food competition, of course it's gonna have a shitload of ingredients
This reminds me of the Parks and Rec episode.
yes, moooorrreeee
Bro don't drop any of those face pubes in my burger 😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
For a sec I though Seth Rogen was on
Hipster Vs Hipster.... Sriracha, poutine, banh mi.... VS only a ball of meat.
Sean out-hosting people on their own shows
"Is food about taste? Is it about the filling hunger? Is it about the basic needs?" ... well looking at the guy on the right, and the guy on the left its about eating as much as you can until you pass out >:D >:D >:D chokes on niext borghor
Ilan hall looking like a healthier Seth Rogan
Please tell me that this "Stunt Show" format is going to become a regular series. It would be so great to see different chefs making their own take on stunt foods.
Where did yall get those plates the ones with the rims PLEASE let me know
MATTY!!
The burger show is lit !
Sean & Matty are fire together.
Need to do a hot ones with Alvin!
That’s what Ilan looks like now? 😢🤯😱💀
is that Seth Rogan
Just cut out everybody except Matty. That's all ye need
I so thought that was Seth Rogan
Did this remind anyone of the Parks and Rec episode when Ron makes the Plain Beef Burger, and Chris makes the super complex Turkey Burger?
I  could watch Matty all day.
There's crack in there lol
I guess the little seth Rogen didn't make it:c
Wow I thought Seth Rogen was the other guy cooking until they started talking
Please more on the Run eating with N.o.r.e thank you
love the concept of a stunt burger showdown... this could be a thing now that social media is used at an all-time high
I get a bahn mi burger or a poutine burger but that's too much my homie
Deep with Thai Chile sos.
Social media will be the end of this Country. (I know I'm contributing with this comment) haha
Seth rogen doppelgänger!?
She says a bun made out of poutine! does she even know what poutine is?
Quality video. 👌
sad twats looking for a narcissistic way of life );
this "banh mi"- burger is hideous because
1. it doesnt even resemble anything with the genuine vietnamese "bahn mi" besides of the french roll and cilantro
2. "bahn mi" is either vegan or is made only with the vietnamese pork sausage (cha lua)
3. "bahn mi" and Poutine? i will never understand the american obsession to mix different flavours in one meal. its just wrong. 
i can understand poutine and Burger because they actually resemble the flavour palett of fast food. but "bahn mi" (which just translates to wheat bread) with poutine AND a burger patty with those other ingredients, why would you do this? 
just because you put jalapenos in a soup, it doesnt makes it mexican.
Seth Rogen is a good chef
THSI IS THE GREATSEST THING EVEr
Miss Info has had jizz on her plate in the past #confirmed
This is great. Hope to see more
#MouthGasm
This is like Ron vs Chris from parks and rec taken to another level
Please consider making this a series. You could bring guest chefs on. Maybe it would finally get Ramsey on the show...
You ain't gonna beat the big guy at a burger contest, come one man. You knew that lol
Ol boy’s Baseball Burger was good, but he messed up forgot bacon
UNDERDOG STORY
I'm trying to go vegan so this show didn't help at all. Though not nearly as bad as when I watched the In-N-Out vs. Shake Shack episode where they made homemade versions of it then gave birth to both restaurant's off-spring.
On to the next burger !!!
I'm glad poutine is a novelty to you hosers, but here in Canada it's a way of life bud.
the bahmi burger was a salad on buns the baseball burger was a home run for me
Sean gotta stick to being the host. He's too passive compared to the other two aggressive judges. But great freaking show. Get more chefs up on here.
When did Seth Rogan become a chef?
THIS IS A SIGN! GORDON RAMSAY HOT ONES THIS THURSDAY CONFIRMED!
burgers are food for people who eat a lot. I think I'm sitting with Sean, I come to a burger for the meat and cheese (maybe a pickle) not the other dozen ingredients.
Fat boy's got a voice of a girl
Good to see you Miss Info! Can't wait for Food Grails!
the greatest panel ever assembled.
Great panel... Would so love to watch more like this.
wait, thats not seth rogan? LLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOL
The weird thing is, I ate a salad after watching this...
this guy looks like seth rogan
this was honestly just such an enjoyable video
I want that Ilan burger inside me
It's funny that a decade ago, no one in the USA (Florida being the exception) knew what a poutine was.
Mooooore
“Mabye a pickle”
This is how we torture ourselves in the middle of the night isn't it folks
Sean looked like he was into the jizz talk...
Poor Seth Rogen.
lol the poutine banh mi burger was made especially to win Matty. He is Canadian and worked in a vietnamese restaurant.
I subbed for hot ones
This show is really good but I hope they do more than burgers in the future
Not gonna lie I thought that was Seth rogan
No giz talk lol😂😂😂😂
Cilatron... Autofail.
Sean Evans can make a eulogy sound great
The chemistry here is good
meat, cheese & bun?..... smh
Can someone please make a compilation of all the times that Sean points? Just one season of hot ones could make at least a 30 minute video. Not hating on you Sean, it just cracks me up every time I see you do it.
Baseball all day!
that's not a damn burger
i thought that was a pancake bun from the picture (dont steal that idea). if he did a maple syrup sauce with some carmalized onions instead thousand island yuck i would be down for it. the second one would have been cool if he did what they said and made the poutine the bun, use the gravy as a light glaze. bomb
Eating a home made burgers while watching this, it's the only way to watch it
MATTYYYYYYYYYYY
Please moooooree
Big boy only got a few years left
Seth rogan?
I’d let miss info judge my life and I wouldn’t even complain 😫
Good morning and where’s my burger?  Nice to start off my day hungry!  I want to try both.
Seth Rogen wanted to win so bad
I did not know you was eating and roasting today judges. #givemeabite
uhm ramen burgers arent new lol they exist and yes we eat them. go to japan instead of looking at social media kids lol #clueless
Hey look it’s Seth Rogan!
I thought that was Jeanie Mei from The Real .... -_-
Great to see seth rogen venturing into other types of entertainment
Bronx burger
I saw Matty. And clicked
Sean does not jizz
I am sorry but stunt burgers? So we have a new hipster term to add to the list. 
1. Shade
2. Shook
*3. Stunt Burger
4. Lit
5. Epic 
6. Gives me life
7.----- Is all of us
8. MAGA
9. Ratchet 
10. YOLO
11. Slay
12. Crushed it
13. Hash tag #
And what is with that chick? Man the douche bag is strong in that one lol. It is food lady not your final paper for art school! Taste is subjective, and we move on. Save the over explaining to your family when they wonder where all their money went  paying for your college education.
Baste-Ball Burger
Ilan Hall tried to play to the judges with his banh mi poutine burger.  Asian judge, and Matty who loves Asian food and is from Canada.  Someone's been watching Suppertime.
Conflicted...Automatic loss for adding too much shit? Its no longer a burger when u add that much...its subway with hamburger IMO! Is a Philly Steak Sandwich a steak still? Dont know
Seth Rogan?
but bronson in this
I'm at the gym watching this guy's, I.. I can't go out and get a burger rn, come on...
On the next burgerER!
I really want to give that baseball burger a go!
Best burger I had was from South Korea, it was a pork burger with a decent amount of seaweed in it and with  white kimchi instead of lettuce etc and I think the mayo had Gochujang with sesame oil in it, was just amazing have lost my mind trying to recreate this at home lol.
Seth Rogan? lol
o nice, you got seth rogan on the show!
Whats up with seth rogen? He lost some weight aye?
Sean is such an exellent host
if that isnt seth rogen then i dont know anything anymore...
"a bun made out of poutine" That made every Canadian cringe from the sheer stupidity
doing to much- why?
The Burger show keeping it fresh
that guy looks like ryan reyonlds and seth rogan kid
Who calls pulled pork ribs?
So u trynna tell me that ain't Seth Rogen.
I don't know who miss info is, and Sean doesn't have the qualifications for this since he probably can't taste anything anymore unless its covered in hot sauce. XD
I’m glad Seth rogen went on to become a chef 👨‍🍳
love this trio together
Should have had one or two more chefs make burgers, it was painfully obvious who they were gonna choose. Still entertaining!
Burger craze this season, eh?
i really love Matty with my entire heart
So cool they got Seth Rogen to cook burgers
how square your hair boo? love it all, want it all.
loved this. please do another showdown.
Thought that was Seth Rogan.
My dude is actually a human minion.
How is that guy not Seth Rogen???
seth rogan!
Thought that was Seth Rogen
More of this please.
I'd wanna try the bhan mi poutine burger - I can only imagine how delicious it is T_T
"You have to make it like you hate it."
I thought that was Seth Rogan
I thought that was Seth Rogan
Can these please be a new show platform for FWF?
Ilan: Come back to Williamsburg, open a joint that serves nothing but this, really good beer, and maybe that octopus with olives that you used to do (because I miss it) – preferably not hidden away on top of a hipster department store – and I promise to be there at least once a week with as many friends as I can wrangle.
Feel like I'm watching Hell's Kitchen. The most talent chef loses every time. Odd world we live in
I don't see enough of Miss Info
Need to eat both of those.
if your burger tastes better... did u really loose?
I'm only here for Matty!! MORE MATTY PLEASE!
Marcel was robbed!
Bru at 0:06 hella look like Seth Rogan.
Good to see Seth Rogens brother make it
Please leave the poutine alone!
Banh mi means bread in Vietnamese, I know because I am Vietnamese. You just made a Bread Poutine Burger.
I want that Poutine burger!
When you're Vietnamese and  you see the Banh Mi Poutine burger...
Not enough social justice.
Seth uses his fingers to speak so much he’s starting to look like one. Matty is the new Chis Farley (please don’t die, we need and love u). Alvin is low key pretentious. Still think Seth Rogan should have won.
damn kinda hoped that was seth rogan
Sean is definitely ted allen
Ilan looks like Seth Rogen's better looking little brother
Alvin smashed em
I totally thought it was Seth Rogan . He's like his twin !!!!!!!
i thought that was seth rogan
baseball burger looks good in theory but the grilled cheese and basting with shitloads of butter makes it gross
Yo she lost her accent...she only has it around black folks
Make this a series. chuz
I used to look like Sean Evans but now I look like Matty Matheson after this video and I'm depressed. Only because I'm not a pro chef.
Wait that's not Seth Rogan
Sean totally talks like a TV host, like it's in his blood lol love it
I ate a bomb ass cheeseburger while watching this. It was a great feeling
Did anybody else think the other guy was Seth Rogen?
Make it a show tbh
Now I want to eat a burger!
Bruuh I though he was Seth rogen
matty is a fricken legend
erebody happy this a good show
Shout out thousand island dressing . Brockville Ontario thousand island boat tour . Boldt castle
I had wondered what happened to Miss Info!! Show her more. I like her style.
wait so that isn't seth rogan?
blue cheese back country burger beats anything , you've never had it cuz it's in a little shack in the middle of nowhere that also produces maple syrup and is open to the public for a few weeks a year. :)
Power house team
baseball burger fo the WIN
is that not big lenbo? like cmon, identical
I want that baseball burger
So are we gonna get some more Food Grails or...?
You people need to make a million of these.
I'm watching this while eating a pizza... and now I want that baseball burger.
If your video has Matty in it, I'm gonna like it.
Dude looks like Seth rogan.
Great format, needs to become a regular thing.  That Banh Mi burger though, I would eat every day of the week.
How is Thousand Island Dressing Southern California flare when it comes from northern New York....
Baseball for sure
its sad how sum people care more about food than their health
Can you bring Winston Mccall of Parkway Drive pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee
how? I didn't even eat the damn thing
whats creative about a meat tower lol ill give you one of my burgers: turkey stuffed with mixed fresh veggies, baked in oven. seasoned with ginger, pepper and cayenne. put on a toasted ciabatta bun, hurvari cheese and topped with sriracha, agave and taragon mayo (home made) just one of my home made gourmet burger recipes. switch up the meats, cheese, breads seasoning and toppings THATS how you stunt now just piling shit lol
p.s. dont cop just give cred and enjoy
need more matty matheson
Borderline internet culinary Voltron
it's an odd thing that I just made burgers...and am sitting here eating one, while watching this....I think  the judges made the right choice and I am with Sean, I would eat that, who doesn't love simplicity, and oddness and all that cheeeeeese!???
even before the judges get it I think I'd rather try the baseball burger over the poo burger
more of these videos!!!
Dude put some parma prosciutto on top and instead of cheese fill it with egg yolk! ;-)
Miss info got a super well done baseball burger, only seans looked proper. No wanter she was bitter as hell
Is that Seth Logan?
i love you sean, so much. but please stop talking like you're a chef. breaks my heart to see someone i admire so much to be so cringy.
Too many ingredients. Simply is best for the burger. However this is a stunt burger but the more ingredients you have doesn't really translate to success.
Chef Seth....Rogen
Dream team
Awesome show
I hope they do more of this
hey matheson, forget the guy fieri / action bronson wrestling smack that i've been talking about the last few weeks. what you need is some alvin cailan in your life. imagine this guy hopping over the top and pulling out two fat sticks to smash you with some filipino stick fighting, just clipping you in the eye, the temple, both shoulders, ankle, knee, moustache. you somehow disarm alvin while in a daze with this wild new pain. not to be deterred, alvin whips out a balisong knife for some crazy juggle twirling. you're just hypnotized by this flow while fieri and bronson are finally coming to their senses. bronson catches the knife in mid air, tosses it aside, picks up alvin and starts gorilla pressing him in the center of the ring. you and fieri see an opportunity, both of you lay simultaneous falcon punches to bronson's soft gut, sending several hundred pounds of man falling on both of you. MY GOD WHAT A SPECTACLE.
The Hawaiian dude needs to lose weight. He looks so uncomfortable.
Alvin could've made a peanut butter sauce to play on the baseball theme some more
I wouldn’t say banh mi, a burger with dikon, carrots, and cilantro
THANK GOD I WAS EATING WHILE WATCHING THIS
I see matty i click
i really  dont like that avlin dude man every thing he makes looks like it gonna give you a heart attack  2 mints after
So now Seth rogen is a chef??????????
This is like the Avengers of foodies lol
The Jew's burger is gay.
mtv snack off < first we feast
what the thing he's rolling his bun on at 3:24?
Alvin's burger is like a more rotund Jucy Lucy.
I love it how even when Sean is on a show which he doesn't host, he inevitably begins hosting as soon as he starts speaking.
This was awesome! Really enjoyed this and I hope you guys do this with other foods like Pizza and Sandwiches.
I love this
How is Thousand Island dressing Southern Californian? It was first made in Thousand Islands, NY durrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
"My Southern California Flare...Thousand Island Dressing" Doesn't know that Thousand Island Dressing is classic New York, coming from the Thousand Island Region to NYC via the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
Love Ms Info, where can I get more of her
4:54, No big deal.
🤮
Both kinda suck wtf...Baseball one looks good but I'd still add some lettuce tomatoe pickle mayo and melt that cheese down.
This reminds me of parks and rec....With Chris and Ron? Anybody?
Have camila cabello
WHERES BABISH
Poor seth rogen
So you telling me this ain’t Seth Rogan?
I thought there was a really good looking pancake on top of that thing
AVENGERS, ASSEMBLE!
That looks like Seth Rogan
dont be cocky
This aint the way to live
I thought that was Seth Rogan if he stop smoking his weight in weed and hit the gym.
You guys should do more stunt stuff, its awesome to watch
Did you guys invent the term stunt burger?
Matty is the best!
I preferred the complicated one for Insta too. More colors, better bun.
Their language is pretty sloppy
When did seth rogen start cooking? And dieting/working out lol
That wasn’t a burger... it was a Torta
um that guy looks like seth rogan.
matty at the end 0_0
How is thousand island dressing "Southern Californian" ?
this is the most coolest video ever
That baseball burger looks like a ruptured colon when cut in half...
I want the stunt burger showdown to be a regular series
This is the video I didn't know I wanted. If only they had Bronson on there with matty
First We Feast killing it!
WAIT. THAT'S NOT SETH ROGAN?! WTF.
I want that friggin baseball burger with a side of fries
More these 3 judges!
He looks like Seth Rogen
Damn seth rogen can cook
Baseball over Bahn Mi Poutine
I admittedly curse more than I should, but to openly do it (on a COOKING SHOW no less) in front of the whole world is a pretty horrible example don't you think? Isn't this where we usually try to live up to our best selves and care about the effect our words and actions have on others, especially young kids? The ripple effect? What ever happened to living up to a higher standard? or TRYING?
seth rogan
I love matty man, funny AF
Ngl with my Gordon Ramsey and FN show knowledge Alvin's burger is way too rich and needs some acidity or brightness to cut through all that fat
MY BOI MATTY
Any one know what brand that maroon apron is on mr. hall there???
Epic
Alvin overrated
Yooo its matty!!!
its not nice to see the level of obese alvin is at. he is definately going to die an early age from obesity.
Excellent show
There’s Sean...
hahaha tang ina nyan "He knailed the stupid " haha
Way to many ingredients man
Seth rogen if he was american
I will watch literally anything with Matty in it.
Poopity scoop scoopity doopity dooop.. The baseball burger had me changing my pantaloons
Matty Matheson
Puke. Puke. Puke. I'm really glad chubby won though. He was very humble.
If you can't make a good tasting burger with just meat, cheese, and bread.. Then you CAN'T make a good tasting burger!
Does miss info enjoy bbc the most?
More Matty
Dis show rules
Game này vui quá. Toàn mấy ông mập mạp không
Maybe would of been better with 3 contestants for variety.
lol so cheesy
You guys have something here. Could def watch a weekly stunt burger showdown!
Give me the first one. The second is way to many things going on. Nope. God im hungrey  now.
л̵ʱªʱªʱª (ᕑᗢᓫา∗)˒
you shouldn't have let the judges know who made each burger so there would be less bias in deciding.
I need more stunts.
A banh mi poutine burger? most canadian thing ive ever seen idek if the chef is from canada
seth rogen can cook?
0:02 Matty looks like a gangster marshmallow
What is this? A crossover episode?
Anything with Matty in it I'm clicking.
omg the shot with the butter shower was so sexy
What a time to be alive where people no longer care about the taste of food bust just showing off.
white fools...
Did anyone else think they were watching this thinking Seth Rogen was the guest?
Wait...didn’t they have an episode with Seth Rogan where they showed Five Guys secret menu burger and it was literally the exact same thing as what Alvin made? Did this come before that, did Alvin just blatantly copy an idea from his own show...is this even real life?
Whoa this looks pretty rad
Matty whipped out the phone and you followed Sean come on
Got too classy with it. A stunt burger should be down right GROSS.
Yum
that burgerball just creates obesity
Matty is one funny mf
why that one guy look like Seth rogens brother who smokes less than Seth?
Yummy! !!
That man looks like Seth Rogen
Matty , Chef ont t'aiment <3, well less is more all chef should know that, so no surprise on that, but the winner is a mehhhh, too much cheese, and poor cheese quality too......
I must have that baseball burger @.@
dear god I want it!
it is unethical to Instagram food that tastes bad
Am the only one who thinks the dude with the glasses looks like seth rogans older brother that people confused for his little brother
I'm so much with Sean here. I want both burgers in my life, but after a hard workout, I want the baseball on a plate with a glass of milk, so I can die on the couch for the next hour.
Having a morbidly obese host is very off-putting as you are confronted with the effects of eating too many burgers
the first one wasnt a burger it was just a weird sandwich
Where is @chloroxbleach when you need him
I love burgers man.... eat a good burger and you’re set all day
Matty i thought u stopped opening bottles with your teeth? Or is your father-in-law going to fix those too?
I’d like to see Miss Info unhinge her jaw, if you know what I’m sayin.
sup wit dat beanie doe
iPhone X
Not the right video to watch when you haven’t eaten today
Matty Matheson is such a boss
What is that pepperoni burger shown a few times?
at 3:24 what is he rubbing the french roll against? looks like a grater?
Fake Seth!
Matty sounds like a Aunty
Sean - "Heres what I'm sayin though... I.... am a junkyard goat when it comes to food..." Matty - "You're disgusting."
Am I the only one who 👎🏾s every ad
You are grose.
why tf when i saw the other chef at the start i thought he was seth rogen... am I crazy??
Thought it was seth rogan in the start..
Duck liver patte, cilantro, cucumber, and carrots?? Please pack your knives and go.
Was that Seth Rohan there the whole time?
The bahn mi burger looked soooo good
Seth Rogen with a Cold didn’t make a burger. He put a patty in a banh mi.
Wow, the burgers were lackluster. What caught my attention most was listening to them talk about likes and DM's and how they would just put up whatever to get some more IG followers. I mean, I know the reality of the IG celebrities and everything but I don't have to like it. :P The thing was the fact that these people are supposedly informing people about food, etc. and they just straight up tell us that they will just put up whatever will get more likes (like he said, it has to be more offensive lol). Congratulations, your IG accounts are tantamount to freeway accidents that people just can't help but slow down to see. I'll stick with Alton Brown from now on. I used to really like Hot Ones until I saw Sean in this video. Anyway, hate if ya want.
...This is cool, but I'd like to know the recipe for the poutine burger.  Did he purposely leave out his seasonings?  That is annoying....
Brb, going to 5 guys, anyone want anything?
I'd eat the life out of both burgers
juicy lucy
Can Matty and Sean host this together? Please...
Where's the soul brotha burger? 👎
Can fat guys just wear capri pants now? I'm into it
Awful poutine burger
i want to eat both of these
The big chinese/black face disgust me so much.
Obnoxious fatty Matheson was the only bad part of all this.
More food jizz!!!
burger > pizza
Stunt burger? I would call it a garbage burger. No thanks.
Did that boy say 1000 dollar dressing? what the mothaf? liquid diamonds??
Cool
Matty only likes the weird banh mi burger cuz it had POOtine on it lol
Lol
Ground beef, ground bacon, pepper jack cheese, and a box of Red Lobster Cheddar Biscuit mix. Mix the beef and bacon, make two thin patties to ensure the bacon cooks thoroughly in a frying pan, salt n' pepper that meat, float a slice of pepper jack in the burger grease, and stack it on a cheddar biscuit bun. GFY.
his facial hair is so nasty
White guy throwing around a banh mi? Isn't that cultural appropriation?
First time watching this food porn and all i can think is the host looks like Seth Rogan with no beard💀
His fingers are so swollen..
bleh
I hate Matty he’s kinda annoying
Burgers are supposed to be shaped like patties, not baseballs.  The baseball burger could pop out of the bun, roll off the plate and onto the floor.  I wouldn't vote for one.
This sucked
Father God, our Creator, and His one an only Son Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior loves you so much. God’s grace has no limits no matter what you’ve done in the past. God is real, God loves you and I pray that whoever reads this who is in doubt, unsure, or even is a Christian needing something to strengthen your faith, that you’ll be touched by the ULTIMATE truth that Jesus Christ is the Way, the Truth and the Life. Turn away from your sins and give your complete life to Him today! Be showered by His unimaginable love, grace, and mercy. Jesus is waiting for you with pure love. ❤️❤️❤️ (1 John 1:9;  Acts ;  John .)
I would murder that baseball burger!! Looks bombdiggity!!
Love Alvin. But that beard is disgusting.
Anyone else thought it was a pancake burger?
I LOVE MATTY
Love Sean, love Matty. Need moar
Can Sean even talk like a normal person anymore?
Google.com
who is this ugly seth rogen
So so so so bad
Ilan put on a little weight.
I love Sean. I just want to put him in my pocket.
who else like me prefers to eat the fries first and then dig in the delicious burger?
Why is the egg guy on every episode?
Good episode. Would enjoy to hear judges speak for themselves rather than Sean's summary.
What happened to the only thing different between burgers was some put down the meat first then lettuce, tomato and others put down the lettuce, tomato first then the meat.
So this egg sandwich store owner is now a part of first we feast as a burger guy?
Yo you should go to freedys steakburger and custard
Quickest way to ruin a burger? Put cilantro on it.
I'm pretty sure he puts more than just meat, cheese and bun on his burgers. Matty sux, Info can get it, Sean is mad cool
You're gross, Matty
what a disgusting man
Who is she?
no offense but he doesnt even have wrists
Matty looks like Bobby hill all grown up
the judges are so stupid, they really are annoying
im glad seth rogen has lost some weight. is goog for your health
So Alvin made a Jucy Lucy, but did it wrong. Come to MN and we'll show you how to make stuffed burgers right!
I love Matty
That's a banh mi "burger", i.e., it's not a burger.  Hiding the burger in a dozen ingredients isn't what a burger is.  I'm sure it tastes good, though.
what a shame that this video is spoilt by completely unnecessary offensive language, could be a good channel but "jizz talk" and Mother F..ing and food just don't go together for me. so sorry guys but wont be subscribing or watching again.
Was hoping this was a comedy judging fur burgers. A limited few are gorgeous and yummy , most are apologetic " sorry i can't eat that" smh "how about i just smash that fur burger ?"
Stunt Burgers < Regular Burgers. These stuffed burgers, sandwich burgers or overpriced gaudy burgers do nothing for me and just ruin the experience of having a great burger. Give me a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, maybe throw in some pickles and ketchup on a nice bun any day of the week and I’ll be a happy camper.
Man! that tub of shit makes me sick! Imagine being on an airplane next to him! Seriously the food looked great but looking at him ruined it. If eating like that makes me look like that, I'll opt for a salad...
Wtf is a miss info?
I seriously think the music in the intro can be improved significantly. Please get rid of that air horn bs going on, pretty annoying.
Love Matty!
Matty's father-in-law better not see him open that bottle with his teeth.
Oh come on. That baseball burger was gross. The other one at least had some roughage in it.
Is that the eggslut guy? Been there. It's pretty good.
Ugh can we relax with the patois. You're a female, you don't say "Pause", its already cringey when grown men are "looking for the gay", its bad enough when women do it for the a cheap laugh. "Thats what she said" works better.
I'm just here for Matty Matheson <3
Baseball burger all damn day
My Gawd! The best vid3o ever! Btw it's not a burger if it doesn't have pickles
.

. Caue3 technically a burger is a sandwich and  a sandwich isn't a sandwich unless it has pickles... Like I don't care if u stuff ur meat or roast ur onions... U don't win unl3ss ur giving me pickles ...
0:07 who's the Asian dude in the middle?
Sean Evans is so annoying
If I'm gonna try one, it would be the first one. However, I'd have to be in the mood for a sandwich in general, and not specifically for a burger. When it comes to burgers, I don't want banh mi or poutine, I want a good ol' fashioned American burger made well, with classic ingredients. I wouldn't want the second burger cz although individually, each ingredient can be considered part of what makes up a classic burger (meat, cheese, bread, Thousand) but: 1) that's way too much protein, and 2) it lacks veggies. Burgers need veggies, they make it really good. They cut the fat and heaviness of meat & cheese. They offer acidity and crispness to balance the richness and viscosity of meat & cheese.
By the looks of the comment, I'll watch this when I get hungry to amplify my hunger. Just ate now and I get a vibe that I'll want to stuff my face with burgers sooner or later
Why do they let that overweight asian guy get involved? He is the dark side of flavorful food. That is what happens when you love food too much. I mean seriously, at least he could take care of his facial hair. He is filming a show and is doesn't care at all about how he presents himself. He has given up.
I haven't made a burger at home for about a year. Ground beef is garbage meat. Ground Beef Is GARBAGE Meat. Since this is the internet I can say that. I don't mean that , but I can type that. It's time to let ground meat rest. It will give you a heart attack, look at Kevin Smith. Stop eating ground beef... and get Donald Duck to go into a mass shooting without being armed.
Oh, so that wasn't Seth Rogan
The reason Hall lost is because he was thinking too deeply. A stunt burger needs to be something common people know. Alvin as a purist knew baseball is a buzzword good enough for people, Hall tried to impress top chefs. As a concept, making a burger mixed with a french sandwich is a novelty stunt. If you are a chef. Most people are not chefs, to them it'd just a heavily stuffed burger with an unpronouncable name. Alvin? Everyone knows what fuckin baseball is. So you take a baseball you put it in a burger and everyone loses their shit because its a simple concept. You show someone a baseball burger theyll be like YOOOOOOOO. Thats why Alvin won. He didn't think like a top chef, he thought like a common person. What would impress a common instagrammer? A french sandwich burger? Or a fuckin baseball burger?
disgusting show and burgers and people
Like everyone in this, but have always have not been a fan of Matty.

He is always just trying so hard to be loud and ignorant. Not someone who's opinion I care much about...
Judges were terrible. Bring people that actually vibe together. Marty + 2 new people or Sean + 2 new people.
Rule number #1 NEVER TALK ABOUT JIZZ WHILE EATING!
matty lookin like a *s n a c c*
Do anyone notice how some of the meat was PINK for the baseball burger. Gordon Ramsay would flip out
Why is Miss Info saying pause when she said "cant fit it in my mouth" but a minute later talks about jizz? She tries too hard
Matty Matheson should not be allowed on Videos, that absolute piece of trash should work as a janitor or something. Maybe prison laundry? Or a carnival?
Asians seem so misplaced to me in almost all situations.  Too much time spent in homogeneity and lies.
Alvin is seriously morbidly obese. Can you do a series where he loses weight and Sean gets buff?
I can't look at Matty omg so many tattoos and his fat omg
It doesnt get more american then this, disgusting eating manners served with nasty talk on the side... No thanks
Burgers with Babish.
"Especially if you live in a place where you can't get both."
Me, in Vermont: or either... cries in rural
a fat guy and skinny guy start east vs west coast beef
some years later...
a fat guy and a skinny guy squash the east vs west coast beef
"someone in Indianapolis can't have this right now" rub it in why dontcha
4:16 is just pure pornography
Alvin's go to line for every burger "this is your sort of 2 in the morning, smashed drunk..."
Former in n out employee... trust me get whole grilled onions!! It's life changing. Also that's way too much mustard. We actually use a spiral on the grill and then throw the patty on top. Another fun fact: the cheese is folded about a 1/4-1/2 inch so that you get that characteristic "smile" when it's on the burger. Lettuce is not cut in triangles I've torn up hundreds of heads of lettuce lol we actually take about a palm sized amount and crunch it up against our palms so it gets a flat top that the burger can rest on. Okay enough fun facts just trying to say that ino is FAR superior to shake shack without a doubt don't @ me
That should be named the "shake-in n shack-out burger"
"avengers infinity war is the most ambitious crossover""
First We Feast: Hold my beer
Andrew, I think you're forgetting something...







CROSS SECTIONS!
Up north east: shake shack
Down south: cookout
Midwest: whataburger
West coast: in and out
Conspiracy theory: The government invented the east coast/west coast beef because they knew this burger was too powerful
Why no Five Guys love? They are undoubtedly the best.
but did you let the flavors meet each other?
Now this is the mash up that the world needed. Next, lets get BwB on Hot Ones
Roma tomatoes?  Sorry no, just a pain in the ass eating a burger with tiny tomato slices....they fall out.  One giant tomato slice is the way to go.
Your missing one thing.
Tommy's chili on top .
And steakhouse fries. 
Then you have perfection
"Especially if you live in a place where you can't get both."

Me, in England: or either... cries into tea
Come to Texas and try
 WHAT-A-BURGER!!!
We get two doses of Binging with Babish. The episode with Favreau now this? I love it!
If u ever come to the Midwest, u have to try Culver’s. They also use the Smash Burger method!
Those look legit In n Out burgers.
Bro it’s 1am the night before finals and I’m losing my shit after watching this
And in n out is still not nearly as good as five guys
It's like a 2pac and biggie burger
in vegas im lucky to have both
I work at in and out and we just put one line of mustard down on the grill then add the meat.
This man really over weight af he finna be on 600 pound life next
I made the “shake n out burger” last night and it was no joke the best burger I’ve ever had in my life
well done. highlighted two iconic fast food burgers and made them incredibily well!
Love the channel!! ❤ And I love the concept of combining the two!! It seems like fire!! 😂🔥Well done guys. 👏👏

P.S. Bro is looking big, man.. No hate, just concerned for your health. (Maybe healither meals?)
You know he laughed hard asf right after saying "youre a mad man"
Boooo.  You can’t compare two places by making your food at home 
Never the same
What is the ratio of short rib, brisket and flat iron in the grind?  Is it equal parts?  Do we have a 50%, 25%, 25% respectively?  I'm assuming, due to the amount of grease I saw, you have more short rib than brisket or flat iron.  Can you please tell the percentages?
absolutely correct; nary a single In-N-Out in the 317
I seriously feel like california has the wrong idea about in-n-out like i've got several where i live and im in texas
Idk if anyone has said it yet but the chiles aren't banana chiles, they're cascabella
Fuddruckers all day
What about 5 guys?!
I just tried the mustard thing.

It's somewhat overpowering.
Frisco Freeze Tacoma Wa, Best burger ever!!!  Open till 2am on Friday and Saturday.  Nothing like a double cheeseburger and shake after a night of drinking.  Oh and don't forget the onion rings.
  The best!
Shake Shack, In-N-Out, or Whataburger—what are you taking to a desert island?
u should make a triple-triple that would make it PERFECT 👌
Me!

In elementary all the kids won't eat their burger with their onions! Except me!

I found my family!
anyone else notices Andrews left eye is smaller than his right one or is it just me?
I would go
Shake Shack Patty
In N Out Onions
Shake Shack Sauce 
Provolone Cheese
Mushrooms

that's my go to
I used to live in cali, born and raised there... I live in missouri now. You can't imagine how much I miss in and out... I'm going to try to make these burgers.
I'm just amazed by the sage wisdom that accompanies the burger making and eating in your videos. Just love it. Keep up the good work!
Holy mustard! 😵🤭🤮
Random Fact, there are In-and-Outs in Tucson and Phoenix AZ
East Coast Burgers Mix : Short-Rib, Brisket, & Flatiron steak - ground into burger  (?? %ea. mix)
Spices :  Paprika, Cayenne Pepper, Onion powder, Garlic powder, Pickle brine juice, Catsup, Mayo
"Someone in Indianapolis"...yeah that's me.
I had a shake shack meister in London. It was ok, not something I couldnt achieve at home flavor-wise. Definitely not worth the price. Fries were ok.
OMG I'm opening a Shake n' Out
“A flavor envelope”

Visible confusion
I don't know if anyone sees it or it's just me.
But Babbish has a very uncanny resemblance to Ryan Reynolds :| imagine him with hair and without the beard, they kinda have the same face details.
This would have been a better name for the In n out and shake shack name combo
"Shake-In N Shack-Out"
Cooking-it doesn’t have to look good, as long as it tastes good

Unless it’s expensive cooking then in that case it’s reversed
aww... Snap Ya called my town! Had to rub it in,,, Indianapolis Don't have In-N-Out. We have White Castle !?!?!          LOL!
Thx for the tutorial!!  Great Vid!
I don´t know what it is, but your faces look so happy and comforting while talking about details of the food you make. It´s actually kinda heartwarming. :)
And no one will ever give attention to the Seattle LEGEND that is Dick's Drive In
I am DEFINATELY going to make the shack-out!!!
In-n-out is just an over-hyped McDonald's with an obnoxious lingo you have to learn

Come at me hippies
The best part about this episode is the fact that cooking this food is actually achievable by the laymen
You created the Mid America Burger.
obviously these guys don't know the god burgers originating from the heaven known as Five Guys
IN-N-Shack
Hey guys,
In Australia they have a burger place called ‘Grilled’...literally the best burger in the world, literally!!!
Having lived and traveled all over the globe...and tasted these 2 gems as well as 5 Guys, Grilled is solid, their fries are amazing too!
I’m not the herby fries kind of person...then I had their Parmesan and Rosemary fries with their amazing house made dipping sauces OMG
So whenever you all are down under remember...a burger is Grilled 🙃
By the way, the church hymn at 0:59 is called "As with gladness men of old [did the guiding star behold]." It's a hymn for Epiphany (the celebration of the wisemen finding Jesus from the guiding star). The tune is called "Dix" - harmonized by William Henry Monk in the English Hymnal (1906). Great music.
I love placing my pickles with chopsticks
I'm gonna get crucified.... In N Out isn't nearly as good as the hype says
The thing I love about these boys is that they bounce knowledge and ideas off of each other. Extremely respectable!
Watching this makes fasting easier...food for thought!!!
In-N-Out all the way. Shake Shack is over priced as hell and they dont even have produce. $15 for a grease burger with a drink and sugar fries. Who puts sugar on a potato? 


In general...the best burger is not thin...or smashed. Its thick Med rare..but I guess there is no profit in that.


Cook at home. Google Gordan Ramsay  burger.
"Someone in Indianapolis can't have this right now"
me in Indianapolis
cries
"yeah I need a burger uuuuuuh plain "
"iceburg, you gotta have that crunch"Wrecklesseating disagree's
How can y’all eat those thin patties man? 🤦🏾‍♂️
I respect anyone who obsesses about anything. I just watched a guy restore an anvil and then this. We don’t have Shake Shack or In n Out and I don’t own an anvil but man, I respect this level of care.
People always tell me "You'll be flipping burgers for a living!" To them I say "If only I were so lucky..."
aint no love for Five-Guys?!?!?!
I love this! My first job in high school was at In N Out for two years. For my shift meal I would always eat a double double with a whole grilled onion, chopped chilies, and an extra toasted bun. You guys did a great job!
I made the In-n-out one to the exact specifications, it was awesome! 🙂 🍔
When did Sean Evans grow a beard ...... what
Soooo late but “Banana Chilies”? You mean Banana Peppers? Haha
"literally smashed east coast west coast beef" hahah cos its a smash burger lol
I really would like to go to America one day to try some of the food.
I'd probably need someone to help me as due to gut issues I struggle with UK adult portions haha
In N out taste like McDonalds Shake shack aint cheap fast food no cpmparison
Ahhh! They look soooo good! I don’t know why I’m torturing myself 😂😱😱
Binging bith babish 
Birst be beast
That dudes face after he says "flavor envelope" - priceless  7:03
I'm in Scottsdale and tried the shake shack for the first time, I was very disappointed.  In n Out all the way!
Cherry Chile’s, dude. Slightly roasted, minced. Small amount of red wine vinegar.
"The wrap makes it...", "like a flavour enveloppe."  This guy tokes.
This makes me so hungry for burgers right now, and when Andrew says “you’re a madman” I went slightly gay in that beautiful moment and I want that sound as my notifications
I've had in n out once I live in Wisconsin, and I just don't believe that there is a better burger than culvers butter burger, I plan on seeing what the deal with in n out is
Shake Shack is a'ight. In-n-Out is bland as hell.

Better idea: Whataburger vs. Culver's.
"we literally squashed east coast/ west coast beef... UNITY" hahahahahahahaha
2 Binging with Babish episodes in one day?!
I've been cooking Shokugeki no Soma dishes for two years now, I'm so happy you finally picked one up! 

Andrew if I had to suggest anime to a new watcher I would have to name a few that top their specific sub-genres within anime but the two I always say are Cowboy Bebop and Outlaw Star, also to see the "Basics with anime" give Akira a watch.
1:07
As somebody who lives in Indianapolis, I feel personally attacked.
Andrew's voice is amazing, he should do guided meditations.  "Wood is strengthened by its knots".
This was an amazing video I'm so hungry I might pass out
Welp I live in florida and have had neither so yay
Crucial mistake .... no burger diaper
Arizona has both🤘
Bubblebas wants to know your location
When watching something makes you ravenously hungry for burgers.

And you live next to a burger joint. 

Bye
Au cheval is the best burger in the NATION!
Avengers: Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover in history.
Me:
After having tried In-N-Out, I think I can say with confidence that Cook Out's burgers top them.
I can literally see the juice drip out😂😂😂😂😂
First We Feast is killing it like Munchies was years ago. Please never change. And please keep making this show
Nah dude habbit IV LIF3
Wait do Californians think nobody else has in-n-out orrr?
Okay, but In-N-Out uses waay more  lettuce and it makes a difference.
I live in West Michigan and I have never ate at or seen an in 'n out or shake shack
In-N-Out is to Californians as Whataburger is to Texans.
I thought In-and-Out was fictional because I've only hear of/seen it on TV.
Absolutely orgasmic! I miss Cali
They should bring those two restaurants to Canada
Man tell me Im not the only one who thinks BWB looks like Ryan Reynolds but bald. Wtf I just noticed
you actually cant order in n out meat rare or medium rare anymore. CA laws since 2017
Both look pretty good, but you can keep the L & T.
Well goddamn, now I know what to cook next time I have friends over!
Except for the mustard, looks perfect.
Annnnd I'm making that shake shack out tonight no doubt. Perfect Friday night with a cold beer.
No Five Guys love?
Awesome video and great combination of components from both burger joints!
3:49 "who would want a krabby patty at 3 in the morning? "OH BOI 3 A.M.!!"
                                                                                           -Squidward Tentacles and Patrick Star
In-n-out is so bomb! I guess I'm biased tho because I'm from LA haha
High key, Whataburger in Texas is bomb, and a perfect representation of the term "everything's bigger in Texas "
This Californian prefers shake shack. Palo alto 2018, awaiting their arrival. I n I, your days are numbered.
Mouth was watering so much, I  had to exit the video 8mins in, before I choked on my saliva... 😋
when you hear babish and the mic isnt super edited and up his ass for extra bASS
I need that Shake In Shack Out burger now
One word-Whataburger.
Can y’all do a vegan burger episode? I genuinely just wanna see the reaction
As someone from Indianapolis the comment at the 1:07 mark rings very true…
I live in Connecticut and I’ve never even seen a shake shack or In and out in person but 5 guys is amazing
He definitely knows the ins and outs of In-N-Out
Come on someone say it McDonald double quarter pounder with cheese can't be beat gtfo. Greatest burger ever made I don't care if they use babies or worm meat as filler that shit is amazing.
Had em both and culvers is still better 🤷🏻‍♀️
Had no idea In N Out could add chopped chilis
Those final burgers you guys made just look so good, burgers really are incredible
It took them awhile to get rolling but I really appreciate the dual laid back host approach.  I'm tired of the oversold Shamwow hyper Host approach to cooking shows and I would pay $8.99 a month for four half hour shows from these two.
In-n-out vs shake shack? Please.... Whataburger.
Damn them burgers look good
This was just amazing.  I could watch a show just staring these two making crazy day food recreations and mashups.
#DANNERLOO
Can you get Andrew on Hot Ones please ?
I made these this morning, by far the best burgers I have ever had in my life. Thanks for the video!
I can't say anything about In-N-Out but Shake Shack is just alright. Five Guys is much better in my humble opinion.
would love to know what induction/griddle that is
The wrapping 100% creates flavor
Get Andrew on Hot Ones. DO IT. 

Also, I swear that Alvin dropped a clearly audible F-bomb at some point in this video, but Andrew's was bleeped out. What the hell?
I’m lucky we have in and out in Texas
Im sat here drooling on my laptop watching this lol
Alvin and Andrew came through First We Feast with the rolling thunder and dropped bombs all over the internet with that mash-up burger. Holy shit that looks amazing.
I have one complaint about this comparison and that is Shake shack also has caramelized onions. I can't have a burger from SS without them there that good.
A legendary collab
Ya'll crazy Burger King  got the best burger!
Hey babishsh do you have any secret recipe but without mayo
if only that was how the actual fast food chains made their burger
Props to Kenji
Cool but I feel Greg over at Ballistic BBQ YouTube channel deserves some love. He's been smashing out this burger recreations content forever! All on his own. No big complex backing him up.
you're making that up
The meat blend is brisket, chuck and short rib as it's in my shake shack book.
The way he describes in n out!love!
In & out + Shake shack burger becomes Shake n' out burger
Drooling 🤤
I gotta try that mustard bit on a burger sometime :) either way the whole thing looked amazing, and I love Babish <3
This may be one my favorite videos of all time. Top 15 at least
Whataburger still reigns supreme
sucks to live in Iowa bc we don't have in n out or shake shack (in the Des Moines metro anyway)
Smashed burgers are totally underrated, they have surpassed classic medium rare patties as my go-to meat for burgers.
In n out is half the price of shake shack so the comparisons have always been stupid.
Its so interesting seeing Andrew and his apartment in videos shot in a very different style, more like a traditional food show. Also, at 9:20, it cut to them below the neck and I was like, why are they cutting off their heads while he is talk..OH! Brilliant tribute to Babish. The slow pan up is great.
Used to laugh so hard when people would mistakenly order their burger "Doggy Style" 🍔🐶🤣
NO TOMATO?!?!?  Ah Hell Naw...
i work at a restaurant whose smash burger has been listed by food and wine as top 30 in the nation - i am very curious to try it animal style. like, asap.
"Hack these burgers"    literally un-watchable.
such a romantic episode, loved it xoxo
Pat LaFrieda ground beef
Since i'm a loyal californian, i'm going to say that in-n-out is better, and im saying that without even ever hearing of the other place. In-n-out is better, change my mind. (You won't be able to but go ahead and try).
I used to always live within walking distance to an In n Out back in the sfv! Now I'm two hours away from the nearest shake shack in seattle which I've never tried and there is no in n out this far up the coast :(
"east coast west coast beef" metaphorical.
Do these guys remind anyone else of Peter Parker and Ned
Burgers are the best
I thought this was seans channel whos this guy? Im confused lol
Bro not hatin but F U for throwing Indianapolis in my face bro lol it’s cool illl be eating in n out Monday
Get Gordon Ramsay on the show
Whataburger is the real King, y'all can fight over 3rd.(2nd is a secret)
It’s the burger Mekkah😂😂😂
"We literally squashed East Coast-West Coast beef today."  My god.
I personally love both, no preference with me, both make great burgers and that's enough for me...
I worked at INOB for 5 years at one of the busiest locations in the company. On a single night shift on a weekend, we used to sell 2500 burgers. INOB is sacred ground in CA
Y’all have clearly never had Mad Cow in Missouri
Lost me at no tomatoes.
Shake Shack Made a Cookbook
I've never experienced either. Looks so good 👍
THAT IS HOW YOU DO BURGERS LIKE BOSSES!
central cali? Pshhhhhhh Alberta BEEF!
Here in Utah, we have fry sauce. fry sauce is made with ketchup, miracle whip/mayo, and sometimes you add in pickle juice and/or relish. as far as I know, Fry sauce is just a Utah thing, but feel free to let me know if you have it where you are too
Any love for Five Guys here?
Great now I want five guys
Fatburger is the best burger in CA hands down. Any true Angeleno knows this.
lol I'm in Cali, and IN n OUT is totally the burger church 😂
The "secret ingredient" of In-n-Out's spread is cinnamon. Just a touch, and it brings out some of the sweetness of the relish and the ketchup.
umm 5 guys for the win and then wendys baconator oh oh and then BK's sourdough special soo goood
i have a shake shack and an in n out #blessed
Babish looks like nick Jonas aha
He has thicker eyebrows and is bald but they’re def similar lol
I love the sudden switch to BAbish style.
I want both of them to cook burgers with Gordon Ramsey
never had shake shack or ino but by the looks of it, the in and out lookst the best.
if you cant pick the temp on your burger, then you shouldnt order said burger
Thank you for not messing with perfec.... I mean Whataburger
Greatest collab ever
Looks like too much delicious!
I live in Boise and the nearest in n out is 6 hours away in Salt Lake City..........I’ve made the drive. Five guys doesn’t do it
Both are overrated, but I'd have to say innout feels better. I've only had it once, but shake shack just is so underwhelming.
Love this from Bangladesh
Invand out is better than shake shack.
In-N-Out FTW.
I hear bye dub this burger the "Shake it Out Burger" Burger show style …...So now "First We Feast" need's to deliver to my area, I want 5 pls...whats the E.T.A....lol
in-n-out life
Andrew's video on burgers is the reason I started doing smash burgers 😂 it cooks fast, easy to stack, the crispness of the searing. I think I'm gonna take out the ground beef and fry some burgers for dinner 😂😂😂
Burger-Fi should've been added to this. The southern Californian in me says In-N-Out for life, but I live in Orlando now and can't get enough of Burger-Fi.
Holy shit, legendary combos. (Shake Shack and In-N-Out) (Babbish and Alvin)
Haha 7:06 I don't think Babish agrees.
Some would say.. In and Out and Shake Shack should just come together with their differences and "Shake It Out"
dave mathews band ... but I would eat that whole band by now sooooooooooo hungry  :)
Plot twist: fat burger reigns supreme
We have five guys 🤷🏼‍♂️
Not having either in n out or shake shake is starting to hurt me. Cries in Midwestern
Would his work with ground elk?
Ummmm... where can I get the recipe?
what if you're a struggling college student?
“86 the tomatoes” all my cooks know what that means
I swear Alvin looks like Patrice from HIMYM.....DAMN IT PATRICE!!!!
Angel's Bugrits
8:30 my flatmate burped really loudly just before babish spoke and I couldn't stop laughing XD
Fantastic pan up at 9:42
In n out is the bombbbbb , nothing like in n out From LA , the texas and Nevada branch dont got the soul that that the IN n Out in Cali got.
Mmmm....Flavor Envelope 🍔
Never had shake shack but In N Out is definitely good. I don't have a preference to what is the best burger as long as they're delicious and juicy, that's all that matters.
False the best burger from CA is a tommy burger
Can you please cook with brad from bon appetit? Omg  I would lose my shit especially if vinny did the camera work
Y’all need whataburger from texas
1:13 I'm in Indianapolis and it's depressing 😢😢. 

Edit: Dangggggg 70 likes
Edit: 90 likes 😱😱
Edit: 110 likes ty
Shack shake tastes like gentrification
Never in my entire life have I craved a burger so much in my life before this video
Gotta make me those Shack-Out burgers.
Tried In N Out when I visited Cali. Tasted like an overrated McDonald's. Seriously, low quality meat, stale buns. It's McDonald's.
Loved this show!!! Please make more of these :)
Andrew?? His name isn't even Babish!! Who the hell is Babish?!!
ShakeShack is my only place I go to for burgers only because I live in New York but 

I’ve always wanted to try an In N Out burger ever since I saw The Big Lebowski.

One day maybe I’ll see the west coast and get to try one..
Peopler talking hyperbolically about food is among my favorite things. "I feel like the wrapping creates a ... flavor ... envelope."
InNOut doesnt caramelize they onions u can get them grilled but they dont have no onion jam
Shake shack is too damn expensive
Man I haven't had in n' out since 2009. God damn I miss it.
Damn!  I came across this video about 15 minutes too late.  I was already eating some day-old KFC for lunch!  And I have an In N Out restaurant only 10 mins away!  I guess I'll have that for dinner, instead!
I live in Texas, and we have in-N-out where I live
Tommy's Chili Burger VS The Hat's Chili Burger
I'm from Texas Whataburger is where it's at. I had In and Out here in Dallas and it doesn't compete with Whataburger in my humble opinion.
I live in the southwest. We have Whataburger. It's not nearly as good... but at least we got the smoky spicy ketchup. (also it's cheap as shit and they're chill af so if you want like everything on your burger plus an egg plus two scoops of chili plus plus plus, they'll figure it out)
The Unity Burger XD I like it.
Why Babish looks like a GTA character from the loading screen in the thumbnail
ive never been more hungry in my life
Let's be criiiiinge
What Chip shop or cafe serves Burger& Chips like that ,please tell????
Combining both is like 2 tupac and biggie joining up together
That last burger is literally my dream burger. You did it gents.
Wow!  This made me so hungry for a burger.  Any of the three would be fine.  <<drool>>
That hybrid is blasphemy
Man people obsessed with food are insane "Flavor Envelope"
Culver’s is on par if not a little better than In-N-Out for everyone in the Midwest
Literally sitting in my apartment in Indianapolis when he said "someone in Indianapolis cant have this" lmgdao. The struggle.
Dreams do come true!!!
In Texas we have Whataburger.. True love
Babish = Andre from The League
Day 15 of water fast, 3 am
Live in Indy wish I could try both of these.
Damn, this Unity Burger is everything we need right now! It will save the world. 😁
That’s way too much mustard, Alvin. It’s just a thin quick swirlz
So...the spread is cocktail sauce with sherry+worcestershire+cream replaced by relish?
My local shake shack was not great. In n out is pretty good
Californian here. I like In-n-out, but there are better choices.
As a current associate of In-N-Out Burger, I can safely say that those double-doubles had some serious room for improvement. As for the spread, its not very complicated. We use a standard thousand-island dressing with slight twists to make it better suited for mass production, so if you don't live close enough to a innout to just pick up some spread(its free), there's lots of similar replacements. For the patties, we just season them with salt and pepper, and use a really thin patty, just an eighth of a pound, so when stacked on top of each other, it equals out to a quarter pound. The mustard was spot on. Slather that shit on both sides for the full effect. The cheese is the biggest part though, as the proper way to do it is to fold the cheese slice by a little less than a quarter so it neatly fits on the patty, with no extra hanging off. This allows for a cleaner presentation, and a few bites where its extra gooey. 

 But overall good effort. They made something sort of close to the real thing.
"May freedom rain upon you like grease upon my countertop."
I though his gonna eat him
Shake Shack is worse than In-N-Out and way more expensive.
Issue with Shake Shack is you have to wait forever for a pretty small burger and it costs a pretty penny. It’s always a long wait, a battle over seating, a comparatively high price tag and a really quick meal.

Do their burgers and shakes taste great? Yeah, best I’ve ever had but honestly not worth the effort...
Bruh the beef has been squashed. (Personally, I prefer five guys)
It’s great when you live in the Midwest where you can’t get either
I clicked on this because I thought the bald guy was Adam Russo.
Seriously. Good burgers but you cannot recreate either
In-N-out burgers are good but their fries are strange
In Russia, there are no delicious burgers :(
That's an inordinate-looking amount of mustard on the patty. Does it not overpower the flavor?
Animal style comes with no pickles.
East coast, west coast, what about Gulf Coast? Whataburger represent.
I love this show 1) because it's entertaining but also and mostly because 2) it's intelligent and educational. They aren't just "chewing the fat" and sharing their opinion about the food but instead having an intelligent conversation around it and explaining their thoughts.
What sort of monsters would live in a place without In-N-Out? I guess they’re called fly over states for a reason... Not gonna lie though, I may be a west coaster but Shake Shack is the better burger.
Great, now I have to get a Shack Double from JFK on the way home to Boston Monday.
Y'all need Whataburger
So we just not gonna talk about how it’s a banana pepper
NYC resident speaking — Shake Shack isn't even a top 10 burger in the City. I'd go for Five Guys before I ate Shake Shack.

I've only had In-N-Out once (not even animal style — I was an amateur) and it blew Shake Shack out of the water.
smash patties best patties! Burgermeister in Berlin, St Burgs in Melbourne, Shacke Shack,...
1:08 hit me hard
leaves halfway to get in-n-out
At last - we finally get to see his face!
When is this man gonna be on Hot Ones?
I understand why they 86'ed the pickles. Store bought crinkle cuts suck for a burger because they are to thick and slide around everywhere. I thin slice whole pickles. Still scratchin my head over why you can't find restaurant style sliced pickles in your average grocery store.
Live in ohio, always have, no idea what these burgers are like, best burger I've had is 5 guys, what am I missing out on?
Andrew could be a secret C.I.A. agent as part of the interrogation unit. He just has to cook food and they will instantly spill the beans.
In N' Out is straight trash.  Biggest disappointment I've ever had in my burger quest, and I spent a whole summer doing a burger expedition despite my other efforts finding places.  NO BACON?!?!  Unheard of, and the burgers are like a shittier Wendy's.
7:08 that guy was not buying how the wrapping of the in n out burger does anything to the burger besides sometimes make it soggy lol
The fact that Vegas has both Shake Shack and In n’ Out I think is quite the privilege.
Why not make the best of worlds burgers a thing, I know I would buy that
Shake shack all day
I don't understand how people can swear while eating, doesn't it make you feel a bit guilty?
Bringing Binging with Babish on the Burger Show is about the best bet because both bros breathe burgers. But blissfully baking In and Out and Shake Shack bovine burgers begs the question, "why?" because both bistros have been brought up barely 2 episodes before.
I wish there was a In N Out burger in Miami
Five Guys got snubbed
Only here for daddy babish 😍... could say something but I’m sure it would get deleted 😂💛
One of the greatest burgers of all time comes from Swenson’s in Akron, OH.
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG
I don't know why I torture myself with this. Don't have these restaurants. 😭
You forgot the grilled onion...
NO NUT NOVEMBER: FAILED
Dammit now i want a burger ;_;
but i have no money
1:01 did he said "Makka"  Muslim people wont be happy to hear this ma Dude
Indiana boy here. I got nuthin here...😫😫
1 Time I had both In-n-Out and Shakeshack at my birthday party. Everybody took sides and got mad at me when I chose Shakeshack
I just need to seriously thank you for not ruining that last burger with tomato!
This duo-team is a powerhouse
I'm blessed to have both Steak and Shake and In-N-Out in the same area.
When you set aside your differences and agree that tomatoes are the devil.
I dont know if I'd want a burger that has been R Kelly'd 🤢
That’s animal style explained correct
What about Up-N-Atom?
I get extra extra extra onion at in n out lol
Damn Boys... Your making me hungry.
it still triggers me that you guys put no tomatoes on the combined brands burger man, but it looks damn good nonetheless
Who lives in an area where you can’t can’t get either In and Out or shake shack and are pissed off 😂.
Gotta love the chopsticks for placement
I cried watching this because it looked so good.
Gordon Ramsey took an In & Out burger back to the uk for his daughter. Hence it gets my vote.
Burgerville is way better.
I'm gonna need to go to NYC to try Shake Shack there because the one in Chicago is meh. I would rather have Five Guys.
fried mustard is where it's at! :)
Went to New York this week to try shake shack burgers. One of the best ever
Only people in Utah will understand the greatness of fry sauce
love eating an In-n-Out burger when I’m broke, love eating Shake Shack when I get paid and I’ve been living near Long Beach (CA) area my whole life.
Why do so many people call their sauce special? It’s just fry sauce lol
THE UNITY BURGER
As a native Californian I haven’t had a better burger than an in n out double double
2 men working together to create the perfect burger, what a beautiful thing.
The real fight is five guys and in n out
I was born and raised in Oceanside, California  it was the best city growing up as a kid but now to many dam Tourist now and New Rude Residents moving there it sucks now but the Food Great and now im living in Colorado and People ask about in-n-Out and I tell them it sucks Fires taste like cardboard bugger is plane. so its just all hype. no one actually from  California Likes In-n-Out
I have a Shake Shack "Kinda close by ".... it's good ..  but I haven't had In N Out in yeeeeeaaars and miss it soooo much.
American 'cheese', American mustard, mayo and tomato sauce. Not sure why I expected more from burgers that are so hyped.
what-a-burger beats all of them.
Alvin "Nucular" Cailan
I love this, my two favorite channels came together to make something killer
should have added cilantro to that burger
we have INnOut in texas man they arent unique to cali
Thievery Corporation as the background music? This video is perfect
The host was way better in this video. He seemed a lot more comfortable, he expressed a lot more opinions, he was just way more interesting. Sorry for judging so harshly. I literally thought this guy had no redeeming qualities at all but this was great. He does say addictive a lot.
Add the exact recipes  in the description please
Let the flavors know each other.
in arizona you can get both (and whataburger)
There is a certain mix
"Oh great rub it in" - me. 
Sitting in Indy watching this currently.
love how here in dallas we have shake shack and in-n-out
Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaan!!!!!

Make me one Shake-Out!!


I'm dying here!!!!!
7:09 that look lmao
Why not "Shake in, Shack Out"?
You can get in and out in Indianapolis
7:22 how did they agree so well 😂😂😂🙌
It's funny watching people who have never worked at In n Out attempt to describe or recreate it.
The recipe is leaked, not a secret anymore.
Who saw the hair on the burger at 6:53 too LMAO
So what would it called? Shake n Out burger? In n Shack? .... Ok thats just sound wrong LOL
Freddys steak burger reigns supreme
Yo! I made this for me and my mate and they were dope! What kind if electric griddle are you using? Looking to pick one up!
6:53 - Hair on tomato.
When Shakeshack came to LA, I tried it. Expensive, slow service, stale and dim enviroment...  In-n-out always have good vibe, great burger, and easy on the pocket.  Shakeshack might be eye-opening for someone who never had in-n-out... but for me, Shake-shack is just a smash burger on a in-n-out bun
Came for the hot sauce, stayed for the burgers.
God damn you fabulous males, why cant I take hectic bites like you lol
this is pure art
i love alvin
get Andrew on hot ones
7:09 Binging with Babish's face, when he's like : "it creates a flavor envelope" like dude.. you eatin' the wrapper??
so everyone's "secret sauce"/spread is ketchup mayo and relish lol. yall need to branch out. there are soooo many great condiments, sauces, and seasonings in the world. why do yall use the same 3 and just change the ratio and act like its different and special lol
dont drink, eat at 2am (what are you talking about) or live in cali lol
Torture technique
looks like steak n shake method
You all sleeping on five guys
Good God why am I baked watching this...I might implode in on myself I'm so hungry now
Are we just gonna act like there isnt a hair on the tomato at 6:54?
I like
WENDY’S
Whataburger > everything.
"The shake out"
How about some Carolina style
How is Andrew so slim.
when the drippings go in the facial hair, a proper meal was enjoyed
“Wood is strengthen by its knots” did anyone else think of Dwayne “the rock” Johnson when babish said that or just me?
STOP PUTTING AMERICAN CHEESE ON BURGERS
I could be wrong but isn’t animal style grilled onions AND bacon. The mustard is only used on “mustard grilled”
Shake Shack squad where you at?
I'm from Indiana 😭😭😭😭🍔
Im in indianapolis ;-; i cant has cheezburger
You guys need to get to Chicago and try Kuma’s Korner
brings mic near lips babish style
If I have these sexy bois in my country.....
Better than cooking with jack alwats trying to shove his products in our face in every video
I personally hate both, Five Guys Burgers are the best
I gotta make that fusion burger at home. I'll keep that tomato on though.
Ill stick to five guys
on a diet and watching this to test myself...lol
Whats a shake shak lol i live in cali in n out is my place 😘😂😍
Everyone knows in and out uses thousand island dressing
Dont forget Five Guys Burgers theres almost as many as In and Outs out here.
BINGING WITH BABISH
I think there's way too much mustard on the Double-Double, but it sure does look good.
i love that background boom bap hip hop music
This is god mode fellas
R. Kelly makes an appearance at the end.  Drip drip drip.
That might be considered animal style in cali, but it can not be farther from the southern animal style.
Literally eating in n out while watching this lmao
He lost me at the mustard🚫.  If it ain't on a hot dog I ain't eating it.
this guy babish uses the most unusual techniques. he cant push down a fairly heavy spatula. overthinks to much
east coast v west coast; pfft. Has anyone mentioned Third Coast What-A-Burger yet?! C'mon now!
#unityburger
This dude makes me want to stop eating all together.
I'm surprised you didn't drop the Hot Ones with Michael B. Jordan first since Black Panther just dropped.
The secret to In N Out beef... its not a secret. You can go to the processing facility and get a tour. They use whole steers.
Idk In N Out at least in Phoenix gives you a salad amount of lettuce
Ive never seen a mf more passionate about a burger
Yeah... Portillos crushes all else, get on their level
shake shack overrated
Who says dudes from New York and LA can't get along? Good old East coast/West coast blend.
5 Guys Over In 'N' Out Anyday.
American cheese 🤮
I'm loving this Series!
We may not have either of these restaurants in Alabama, but we do have Milo’s
you need to do a video on the best midwestern burger place, Culvers and the butter burger
Need to one with charlie sheen
Chi e' venuto qui per vedere Saviano che se magna n'hamburger?
I can't have either
see in london we have like mcdonalds and that's kinda it
I'd take a shake shack burger any day.  Hard pass on the those other two though.
Don't watch this if you are hungry..
4:10 wood is strengthened by its nuts? Okay then.
3:28 That's what zie said!
You guys should start a burger chain called ‘East meets West’.
Honestly, having lived in SoCal my entire life, I’ve eaten a 1000 in-n-out burgers. I have to say, they are overrated. I’m a burger aficionado and there’s a million places with a far better burger. It’s no longer worth the 45 minute wait in the packed drive-thru...
In and out ain't even that good boi
9:39 you can see the burger dripping. 100%  a sign of a good burger
Ever since San Diego got a shake Shack, this is the mash up I've been wanting. Shake Shack's buns and the crispy crust on the burger is superior to In-N-Out, but the In-N-Out sauce and toppings cut through the savoriness of the burger. The crispy lettuce, the relish bits in the sauce, and thick tomato, the onion, the mustard on the burger just add almost like a palette cleanse and acidity to the burger.
I feel like five guys is really underrated
Weird that I'm watching a burger video immediately after making a burger myself...
Granted, I had less success with my two toppings. I was attempting to do a fried egg and bacon cheeseburger like the ones at Steak n Shake, only to a) realize I was out of bacon, and b) I accidentally broke the yoke while l cracking the egg.
Scrambled egg on a cheeseburger isn't all that bad (I still ate it and it tasted good) but it's just not the same as cheeseburger with two strips of bacon and a fried egg on top.
Next time's the charm I guess!
Shake shack doesn't split the whole potato bun apart. That's CRUCIAL to a shack burger...the un-split bun collects all the burger grease and remaining cheese of the burger, thus making it the best last bite you can have. Crucial crucial crucial. In-n-out is solid tho...loll
It's the sauce of the in an out burger that makes it
East LA style with the 🌶 !! 🔥🔥🔥😋😋
Never had one of these burgers. I want one so bad 😭 the only fast food burger places is like McDonald’s and sonic here
i knew it!!! Alvin Cailan is Matty Matheson's long lost brother.. yes!! =)
shake shack is soo good
The Unity Burger
5 GUYS
Was the salt kosher and did the flavors get to know each other, though?
As a manager it’s 4 oz patties for shake shack. Green leaf lettuce not Butter. Toast the buns whole don’t split. Shackburgers are made with the bun fold intact by design to catch sauce and butter and grease. The last bite should always be bestOther than that YOU KILLED The recipe. ANAZING.
I've never been so happy while watching a video!
Anything with Babs I watch.
I’m from Indianapolis :(
Excellent segment
Why are all my favorite channels on YouTube merging? Lol
I am making these next weekend for my kiddos!!!
I'm watching this while eating cup o noodles...
The abuse that pan is enduring is almost painful to watch. He's going to have re-dress that pan.

Well worth it though!
I stand by my east coast five guys!!!
I love burgers with my salt too.
2:44 - so it's 1-to-1 beef and salt, correct?
Lmaooo in n out doesn't cut their lettuce in triangles, it's just torn apart by hand haha
I always order no onions on my burgers... but that is because for what ever reason onions make me violently sick xD
Five Guys
They didn't include Whataburger because then it wouldn't be a competition. In-N-Out and Shake Shack would just squable over second place.
Couldn't ask for a better Burger video😍😍😍 Now I'm off to go break my diet and find a GOOD burger!!!
IF YOURE NOT PUTTING AMERICAN CHEEESE ON YOUR BURGER YOURE WRONG AND WE WILL NEVER BE FRIENDS
I know In-N-Out is the best burger place I’ve gone to in California
Smashburger is better than both
five guys better than both
you're my dude Babby.
So if In-N-Out and Shake Shack have a rivalry, does that mean they have beef with each other?  crickets
Woow finally breaking the rule leads to this heavenly beautiful  burger.. watching this make me satisfied
is it just me or should they host all episodes of burger show together?
Five guys>
these 2 chefs are complete opposites
Sometimes I wish I wasn't a muslim.
as someone from california, in-n-out is gross
"The wrapping creates a flavor envelope" what...?
classic french omelette = wilson fisk omelette?
The unity between shake shack and in and out is Whataburger
Dead 💀💀😱😱
😂😂
my heart hurts just watching
Texas has in and outs to
6:53 THE HAIR :(
you've united the country
The disrespect towards 5 guys is astonishing
Whataburger
Smash burger is pretty good too. Man I’m starving
Great job guys!
As a Californian that lives next to an in n out, I can verify his claims of in n out being the church of burgers for California.
Oh I guarantee you're not breaking the internet.
song at 8:26?
In N Out is a better comparison with Five Guys or Steak n Shake
Whataburger best hands down.
What about steak n shake, I've never had shake shack or in n out but steak n shake is my favorite
1:10 f u we have steak n shake
modafuckin awesome
I can smell this video
they have both where i live
California girl here-- born, raised, and never left. But I gotta tell you, I don't care for In-N-Out. I probably eat there once a year, and I have 3 locations less than 10 min away from me. SHAKE SHACK HOWEVER... I eat there every time I'm in a city that has one (sometimes even multiple times in one visit). NYC, DC, Chicago, Las Vegas, LA... Idgaf how many local, world-renowned restaurants your city has, I am getting a Shack Stack in my belly. I know I'm a traitor, but Shake Shack is otherworldly
PLEASE Babish do a video un burger bread (potato)
He mentioned Indianapolis 😂
smash burgers from freddys steakburgers! are my fave!!
Come to Portland, Oregon and try a Joe's burger.  It an In-and-Out burger done much better.
Iceburg tastes like dirty water
You guys got the hing wrong, on shake shack they put the hinge because it gets a lot of flavor
God I love BWB's voice
Alvin you should get the in n out burger with raw and caramelized onions.
IN N OUT IS THE BURGER CHURCH OF CALIFORNIA
Health tip for those who want to shrink
 love handles- I skip the bun, eat the juicy burger and the lettuce, tomato, etc. and stay trim...
I haven't had either
I want all of this inside me
There's no way the animal style is slathered with that much yellow mustard. I didn't even know it had mustard at all
dude you gotta get on a program and lose weight, youre gonna die- do a liver cleanse first to jump start things- dm for the ingredients if you wanna change your life. blessings.
What has a burger turned into!
If your looking for a good burger go to buck snort and try there swamp donkey
Nope. First HE feasts. On everyone!
Sitting here in the midwest I'm just like, ehhhhhhhhhhhh I got my Five-Guys-
In n out is trash. Shake shack is in my top 5 burger places
In n out is ............WAYYYYYYY better....
Damn you people add wayy too much salt
Love the attention to detail here while staying fast and greasy. Totally burgerish. The wrapper creates a flavor envelope - best analysis!
WHATABURGER IS BETTER!
you say big
Babish looks exactly like id imagine him looking by his voice. whatever that means
what is the recipe for the in n out salsa.please
dude, aren't you a bit too warm in that hoodie and beanie in the kitchen?
I think they mean banana peppers.... no one calls then banana chili’s.
Papa bless
Followed the instructions and made this burger. I will never make burgers any other way now for the rest of my life
Man i want to visit US just for burgers and do Raod trip ! :D
“Someone in Indianapolis can’t have this right now.” Literally me 😢 some day ..
The meat has to be on the bottom of the bun the veggies go on top of the meat. Anything else is blasphemy
I dream of doing what you guys get to do for a living. I’m a inventive cook hiding in a construction workers body love you guys keep the vids flowing about delicious burgers ✌️
I always find that The little street resturants always got the hest burgers, like the ones owned by private people.
"dude I'm special I'm eating this cause' some one in Indianapolis can't have this." brother, i eat in n' out cause it's better than everything else. I dont' give a ** if some one in England can't eat it. That's the last thing on my mind lol
this is like wearing nike shoes with Adidas socks
Gives people looks for getting a burger without onions... but proceeds to make burger without tomato... wut?
i NEVER eat in restraints, i feel unwelcome
This looks amazing but In and Out and SS are really overrated. Someone had to say it
this is orgasmic baby !
Im actually against the wrapping on in n out i think it makes it messy tbh the last few bigs way too messsy of you order animal style.
You northerners can have your inferior burger joints.

Whataburger will always reign supreme on those fools.
Mouth was watering the entire time
so Jewish People eat burgers
Had Shake Shack for the first time recently, and it definitely tasted like an A&W burger (no shade at A&W but it's cheap, SS is not). Not a fan. Beyond that, I went for the pb burger and they had no peanut sauce. It was sad pandas the whole way around.
as a east coaster i think five guys represents the east coast better than shake shack
Trust me, in n out burger is just... A regular burger. Noting special.  But shake shack?  That's the real deal.  The beef actually has taste and flavor.  Everything in the burger compliments each other.  I tried many burgers, and a lot of them are just like any other.  But shake shack is different.  It's the best burger I have ever eaten.  Too bad there's no shake shack here.  I have to go to Vegas for the good stuff.
I've never had Shake Shack or In-N-Out 'cause I'm from the midwest. In case you're visiting/just moved to the midwest there's Five Guys, Steak N Shake, and Culver's. Those are the staples I'm familiar with. All are good in their own ways, but Five Guys is probably the best. Only thing is that it's not just in the midwest so a lot of people have had it already - in that case, Steak N Shake is next in line for me
In N Out forever!
weird seeing hearing him speak without a monotone voice
pls try and make a loca boga
We have Five Guys in Indiana .... I think we win
1:07 someone from indianapolis would never need in-n-out, because they have steak'n'shake. very very thin crisp patties, and excellent shoestring fries. much different than in-n-out, but equally special as an animal style. I'm from california so I love in-n-out, but whenver I'm in the midwest I always eat steak n shake.
Shake shack gang for life tho
Yall need whataburger
the non asian guy is the way better interviewer
In & Out is the most overrated burger joint. Limited options = BS.
Shake-N-Out
Yeah.... Five Guys is better than both. fite me m8
Ya'll gotta try to clone smash burger
I feel like I'm getting a heart attack just from watching all of this...
babish stop shaming in n out you know it's 100000xs better.
Friggin yumm
Burgers are like side dishes in my country 
We cook entire animals
I kinda hope someone makes this out here in Cali...
I watched this while eating dinner and I actually got more hungry
NO-TOMATO GANG!!!
Andrew looks and sounds like Seth MacFarlane!
Both pail in comparison to whataburger, but this is still a great video.
Shack burgers have a hinge
WHATABURGER FOR LIFE
In-And-out is the most overrated hamburger I've ever had. Not sure I'd even put it in the top 5 fast-food  burgers. Whataburger is hands down the best fast-food burger on the planet.
Shake Shack > In n Out
Neil Degrasse Tyson stated it perfectly... "Inn-N-Out is fast food trying to be a gourmet burger. Shake Shack is a gourmet restaurant that makes fast food." They're both great but there really is no comparison.
This show is amazing!
Rico Rodriguez in 10 years
Mexican tortas are 10x better amigo mio.
You're doing God's work!
Did no one else notice the burnt bun at 3:!2? Like how was that thing even toasted lmao.
Someone is going to open up a burger joint in the middle of the US called the In & Out Shack of Shakes (to avoid lawsuits) and it will serve these, and that burger joint will single handedly revive that state's economy when every single carnivore on BOTH costs comes in to eat it.
I like my burgers without cheese please
Have you tried the new tide pods ? Yummy ! Grape with a bit of vanilla extract
Too bad yall dont know about whataburger.. 🇨🇱
This is making me hungry
So most burger sauces start with fry sauce.
This beluga whale caveman needs to shred a few hundred pounds, I mean Jesus... he covers 70% of the camera even zoomed out
So how do you ask for a burger that isn't on a menu IE secret menu
Whataburger will always be better than both 👌
Its all about Whataburger my dudes
When you're cutting weight and decide to watch this.
Wait am at the wrong channel??
In n out is all you need.  10 out of 10. Shake sack.....5 out of 10....if that.
Y'all can have your Shake Shack and In-N-Out, I will sit here comfortably with Five Guys as my cheeseburger church
So... in a shack?
i bet that burger tastes like world peace 9:50
What? No Whataburger?
as a Californian... I hate In n out.
Shake shack was overpriced as hell
Not sure about overall quality because it's a good for price for volume thing and traditional but try rudy's hotdogs. Get a DOUBLEcheeseburger/2xhotdogs with everything/fries and/or onion rings/chocolate malt. The hamburger is really good because of weird balance of pickles to toppings. Just get the burger how it normally comes. It's oddly good. Half to get the chocolate malt. It's hit and miss sometimes as chocolatiness goes but it's good. And it will likely come out extra chocolatey. Cheap chocolatey goodness!
This just made me want to eat my monitor. -_-
Your a mad man..
I’m salivatin
Lmao the last burger was hardly a mash up of the two. Was basically in n out with no pickle.
the bun for that double double isn't right, i haven't been able to find a copy cat in n out sponge dough recipe. i moved to the east coast and i miss in n out too much.
Just wondering. At  09:25 what are the bits falling out? Onion? Excess mustard?
You guys need to come down to Melbourne Australia. We've got an amazing Burger scene. Gotta try out Andrew's Burgers, open since 1939, Royal Stacks, my fav, and Grill'd, our home grown awesome and healthy burger chain.
as someone who grew up in cali and moved to NY for grad school, the BEST burger would be taking shake shack's bun and patty/cheese, and in n out's everything else (including price) LOL but damn i cant wait to go home and eat in n out again
2 months into a 10% cut.... watching this was huge mistake
food torture/porn. I can't get either of them. Grow up in Stoke on Trent (Burslem, go Port Vale) and your burger experience measured in how much lard drips from your burger.
Mr Babish you are making me VERY VERY FAT
break the inrsst?
That’s authentic as hell coming from Oakland
Super!!!
i thot this foos name was babish
1:39  Boomph!
I need to stop watching this
We do notttt put that much mustardddd 🤨🤨🤨
Is any body craving a in in out burger
Cheddar is better...
WRONG In-n-out puts WAY more lettuce on an animal style burger.
never had either of these restaurants
I really wish I was cooking with yall
I grew up eating Martin's potato rolls. They are made locally and my uncle works there. I had no idea they were so well known.
You can’t actually choose med rare at in n out anymore.
Shake Shack burgers are honestly on par with homemade. I feel like the only people that really like 5 guys with intensity don't know how to cook a burger for themselves.
Everytime i hear you say at 2 in the morning when i just smoked a blunt or am crosseyed drunk i want this and that .... :)
Cook out. Come to the South.
Cant beat in n olts price I think that's what makes the difference.
All wrong sir lol
I hope this guy starts exercising or else he will have a very short life :(
Five Guys the best
That's all well & good, but Whataburger is still 10x better...
I feel the same about whataburger
All we have here is Hamburger Hut.
Bald dude kinda looks like kyrie
you could call it the in and out of the shack burger
In and out > shake shack
They should open a chain with those mixed burgers, and call the place Shake-Out
They need in and out in Seattle 😩😒
Whataburger > both
best in the world? more like the only ones they have in the grocery store lol but yeah martin is good. its no hawaiin roll though. thats bomb
Ed sauce please
In and Out.............I wish they would come to Kansas City............it would go over HUGE here
god damn I'm hungry
"American Cheese" is not real cheese.
You gotta throw cookout into this video
In Norway a big mac is over 8$...
Ya but whataburger is the king.
The look on Babish's face at the end LOL!
Y’all bleeping the F bombs except the one at 3:42 lol
Alvin pretty honest.....In N Out's importance is due to its exclusivity but its average at best....
for the first half i didnt even know it was babishs kitchen because of usually how babish arranges his camera
Shake shack burgers suck.  Now their chicken sandwich, best ever.  Fries are legit too.
The whole is more than the sum of your parts.
Moreeeee
I like Just meat,  grilled peppers, and onion  Aioli with horseradish on a Texas toast
CULVERS MASTER RACE.
What about 5 guys?
It's all about the habit for me now. Better then in n out
Babish is tryin to agree with the guy eventhough he’s allergic to bananas.
I'm not trying to be funny but has ya boy ever tried a vegan video for FWF? Brother looks like he survives on a 90% sodium diet.
that hair at 6:52 tho
They are fun to watch working together.
Whataburger is the best.
I'm hungry, it's 3 am, I don't have a car, and I'm 8 km away from the nearest burger joint. Why did I watch this?
i live somewhere without either
I like everyone on this show except for the host.
Just made the last burger in this video and oh my god it was delicious! Highly reccommend.
I can't make my smashed burger patties so thin. Anyone got a tip?
Andrew/Babish... marry me.
So distracted by how much he needs a shave and a bath . .
Oh and this was fun to watch. Unity!
There's no way that pinch of cayenne isn't a nod to Chef John.
We don’t have triangular lettuce...
Five Guys is way better bro
My two favorite food boys
Babish’s Burgers
Damn we have none of those places
WhatAburger
More Babish !
How come they censor certain f words?
I was in LA last year, and went to In-and-Out on multiple occasions. So good.

Now I'm watching this video here in Indianapolis, and I can't have In-and-Out.
Here in Illinois we don't have either but we have Steak-N-Shake
Babish came out is nowhere and is KILLING the game! That dude could cook a orange sandal and make it look good.
;)
Thing that's great about In N Out is its about the same price as you'd get at McD's, BK, Carl's etc but the quality is so much better, they just make it the same way they used to in the old days, simple ingreds, handmade process etc.  For 10 bucks you can either get an In N Out burger/drink/fries or same thing at McD's, which would you pick.  The other burger chains could do the same but they're so used to mass producing and using machines to make their food, i don't get it.  What the hell are those drawer things at McD's that they are pulling food out of anyways?
Yooo does anyone know what that instrumental that starts at 6:10 is called?????
I never seen two men bond over burgers like these two it’s great
Drooled the entire video
we have one in downtown detroit
I have never been this inspired, I know what I’m doing with my life now.
Idk if it's different in California or not, but we just got an In-N-out in Austin and it's sooooooooo bad. Maybe their burgers are different in Cali but I can't imagine anyone thinking they were great
"That's why it costs $8", is that supposed to be a lot? You can't buy a burger here for $8 usd here unless you go to macdonalds.
i like how they dont censor the cursing in the burger show part but then its beeped out in the babish side. but you already dropped the bomb so theres no point in censoring
Today is my cheat day (down 61lbs) I'm making the mash up burger today only thing I'm changing is I'm adding bacon.
Whataburger by far best burger ever
shoutout indianapolis
Does this dude grew hair and gone to teach te ways of just saying "yes"?
burger church lmao.  Cailan took the words out of my mouth - there's no comparison, shake shack is definitely a higher end burger considering the cost and the ingredients.  Both have a special place in my heart but I would never say no to an in-n-out burger; its cheap and delicious
Recipe?
When you can't weigh in at all because you're from the UK :'(
You guys are killing me!!!!!
Never had either. Pisses me off. Would love to compare them to what we do have
I got a In and Out by me in Texas, I hope the California burgers are better because unless it's animal style (which is too exspensive but delicious) the food isn't that good. And where is the salt on the fries?
6:45 me too.
Five Guys though?
Ok thanks for this cause i dont have this cause i live in michigan so bow i can make these at home thanks
Is there a hot wings with Andrew?
It looks great accept for the tomato
Whataburger is the King
Attack Hoosiers more. Gosh
You mentioned that In-N-out wraps their burgers. I have done this at home using just wax paper, or parchment, completely wrapping the burger Mickey D's style and letting them rest in a warm oven for about 10 minutes. This completely changes the "attitude" of the burger. Fresh, and rested, are both equally good ( it's a fukin hamburger man), but the same burger side by side is different. Check it...….thanks for the vid.
Good chemistry.
Damn it, now I’m hungry
9:40 like half the burger leaked.
Alvin looks like he's gonna die of a heart attack at any moment...
Please make a burger place so there will finally be a no contest
This was incredible.
English or American mustard?
RAGE WAAAAAAAARRRRRRR
thats some good all american tv lol
It is only a doc I’ve to him
FWF n BWB their name fits
Anyone else notice the hair on the burger @ 6:53 ?? or is it just me
burgers "HEY! HEY! HEY!" what would cooking youtube channels be without early 2000s krunk beats? lol
I live in Indianapolis. :(
Would I get sued if I opened a shake-out burger joint?  Cause everyone needs to try that.
My two favorite chef's in one video!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What if I hate onions?
you gotta fold the corners of the cheese so it all stays on the patty
dam im so fkn hungry
A good burger is a messy burger (Y)
No tomato??? Like, it's not even a burger anymore
five guys is still the best
Missing Whataburger
Beautiful... i just shed a little tear.
Babish doesn’t believe in the “envelope of flavor... look at his face reaction at 7:05
Can we please get over shake shack...Whataburger vs In N whatever is the real match up,
Who else cringed when this fool said "east la it up a bit" .
i’ve had both in n out and shake shack. shake shack may have MUCH better shakes and fries, but the burgers are no where near as good as in n outs. idc how famous on the internet you are, this is factual information
Bald zerkaa
Food network ×99999999
YOU FORGOT THE CROSS SECTION!!!!!
OMG this is the best Channel Ever!!!!! #Hamburgassbicthasshoindisbeatch
Can’t order any doneness on your in n out burger anymore. They stopped doing med rare a while ago.
Watching this at 2:00 a.m., craving a double double animal style, I live in Indianapolis. He specifically calls out Indianapolis (1:10). It feels like he was speaking directly to me. Now I’m looking at plane tickets to LA just so I can get a burger.
now I am hungry
In n out is so annoying my house is a minute from it and I never go there since I can't handle those stupid long lines it's also way overhyped
Everyone who's not from California tells me In and Out is terrible
Unity
Where do I get American cheese like that? That looks infinitely better than any other American cheese I see, that being the plastic wrapped kind.
Waaaaay to much mustard
Whataburger is so much better 😂 in Texas we don't have In N Out but there's a chain called P.Terrys, I never thought P.Terrys was any good, when I went to Cali In N Out tasted just like P.Terrys. An overhyped, generic flavor, smallish burger. With a "secret sauce" that's probably just ketchup and miracle whip. LA should stick to its vegan diets and tofu and leaf unhealthy good food to the south
Whataburger!!!! FTW!!! Where my Southwest peeps at?!
Now do Milo’s Burgers.
I cringe every time someone tries to compare In N Out with Shake Shack's, Five Guys, or most other burger franchise's quality, when the single and double of In N Out is literally almost half the price of SS. If I'm paying double, it damn well better taste twice as good. It tastes better, sure, but not twice as good. And bar for bar, you will not find a cheaper burger with as much quality as In N Outs. This is the result of their brilliant branding and understanding their identity. They virtually have little waste as everything is ordered. Everything. The lack of waste allowed their prices to be so cheap, and instead of having 35 sub-par items on a menu, they have 3 that all use the same ingredients, and will always have the same high quality for just under 3 bucks for a Single Burger or just over 4 bucks for a Double Burger. It's not just about the burger, it's about the whole chain itself. I love SS and Five Guys and a shit load of other joints, but In N Out's business model is damn near perfect, and if I were to open up a business, I would use their approach as a role model.
Any New Yorkers here?
Andrew is censored, Alvin is not.
This and the Chef Cubanos, every time I watch I get ridiculously hungry. It just looks SO DAMN GOOOOOOOD!!!!!
are banana chillies the same as banana peppers?
7:18 “Your a mad man”
amen
And here I am eating instant noodles
Never been to either place because I live in Bloomington... definitely one of the worst things about living in Indiana, lol.
Two great cooks. Babish I think its time to open  your own restaurant.
0:13 can anyone tell me the name of that French fry burger?
i wanna be the meat in that last burger.
This guy should get cross-eyed drunk less frequently and perhaps eat a few fewer burgers. I'm not judging based on size but he looks unhealthy and uncomfortable. And at his current size it'll get harder to stand up, harder to cook, his body will hurt and all of that is unnecessary and will shorten his life.
what am i doing with my live watching this
Now add the Midwest and put the cheese inside and do a juicy-shake-n-out burger!
Shake 'n' Out
Is this kraft single American or Land o Lakes type deli yellow american cheese?
i hate this video because i live in michigan.... my short time in cali makes me miss in-n-out and jack in the box. and now i want a burger....
Why did I watch this on an empty stomach?
Mannnnn I can almost smell & taste those.  I'm starving!!!
I'd like to hire him
I'm eating this because someone in Indianapolis can't have this right now. LMAO
is no one else concerned its a secret what ingredients are in the meat of a In & Out burger?
Oh my... you guys need to stop.  I can only get so hungry.
when he said let's break the internet i thought he was gonna sit on it (i am fat so i can crack fat jokes)
🤤🤤🤤
Water>Some burger
Mustard sauce while the burger is being cooked? What a marvelous and messy idea
soon colorado will have both and we will be Superior
I finally understand what food porn is....
in n out doesn't use banana peppers, still looks good though
I hate to say it but in n out is top tier
But 5 guys though
Whataburger >>>>> every other burger
america in a nutshell
I used to work line at in n out. Thats not how the burger is prepared lol
1:45 in Utah we call that fry sauce
Babish wanted tomato 7:52
Get Babish on the next season of Hot Ones.
Go to time 9:55 and you won't stop laughing.
meat and onions belong together
Because I hate onions .... sue me
I...am hungry.
Patties are too small. 😒
As good as this looks, a Patty Melt with bacon with Whataburger is still the best burger.
So what parts of the cow does in-n-out use for their patties? Same three we were shown?
shin&shout
nukular
lmao when you lived in California and loved in n out but you moved to Indianapolis and like wheres the in n out  and later he said someone in Indianapolis can't have it
Love how he just pulled out “No one from Indianapolis can have in n out” I’m from Indianapolis :(
For the Shake Shack burger, you gotta put a layer of something between the patty and the bottom bun. Otherwise bottom bun gets too soggy.
I love these guys
wow a Indianapolis shoutout so cruel
WORLDS COLLIDE
Can I just use a nonstick pan or is it really beneficial to use cast iron?
im sad because i cant get martins potato rolls here in the uk
In n Out has a forgettable taste
Kind of funny, at 3:42 or so he says "it might not look identical to the shake shack burger, but it's fucking fantastic" then they beep it every other time it's said. The other episodes don't seem to censor the language.. So if the censor reads these, you missed one :P
TWO WORDS Five Guys
Those look delicious
It is both the burger we want and deserve
Lives in Missouri... gets a Big Mac and cries after shake and bakin meth inside Walmart and then proceed to lick the pu**y sweat off my sister
I lived in the L A. Area for 3 years. Never saw the fascination with in and out. They're average at best. And there was a time when I ate there every day for 2 weeks straight
Whataburger is better than both
Whataburger puts it all to shame by a mile.
did he say that in 'n out's lettuce is cut in china? @6:20
Five Guys is Better
YUM!
Get him on hot ones
Make the Luther burger and Krabby patty
Shake out in shack
Why am I torturing myself?
Don't believe the hype of hipsters, folks. I've had many a burger that tops In-N-Out from all over the US.
DONT FORGET WHATABURGER
I can't tell with Babish is just nervous, or whether he's just a little high. I'd put my money on Andy having had one of those jazz cigarettes that the kids talk about.
It's not a clone if it's better...
Shake shack is overrated and overpriced.
In n out baby!
As someone who lives in Indianapolis, in n out is overrated
Five guys is king
Cascabella peppers!
We aint got either of those in East London
Mustard on a burger don't play that in N.Y. Dam! WTH??? But love the burgers. Got my own style that people go crazy over.
is binging with babish on a episode of hot ones ? because he should be
no cross section? get out of here
AT the 1:00 mark, what is that hymn titled? I have heard in church, but cannot remember.
I don’t like mustard. The only kind I can stomach is Grey Poupon Dijon. Searing a burger in factory yellow mustard XP
I know what Alvin said about wrapping the burgers making a difference sounded high AF, but I think there’s something to it. Even with Wendy’s, I’ve dug into a Dave’s Double straight after a 5 minute drive from the restaurant and also after eating some fries, giving it a little extra time to rest made a lot of difference.
This be comparing apples to oranges but...  I’m ok with having White Castle instead.
Bacon?
Im from Indianapolis, not cool on the call out lol. Im in Texas now, and we got a few In n Outs so HA. Though I was born in California so I know what its like to miss a good burger. Ive had to use 5 guys burgers to placate me
Not gonna lie I live in California, In n Out is the most overhyped burger in the world. I have had slices of roast beef thicker than those burgers. Don’t even get me started on those kindergarten cafeteria tater tot, fries they have there.
im so hungry now
I  watched some chinese food recipes , and i got hungry, so I cooked some and I ate. I went back to the computer, and now I am watching my bois right here cooking some burgers. I am hungry again
Whats that type of stove?
Disliked because of babish, video was not viewed.
What a surprise...shake shack and in and out burgers....AGAIN!!!
He just wanted to eat all them burgers
Whataburger?
In and out is overated afk...
In an out Cali love my brotha hahah🍔🍔🍟🍺
Fyi from a friend who works at shake shack, they brush butter on the beef patty during the cooking process
In n Out uses hot yellow chili peppers, not banana peppers
Come to Indy bro. Mr Dan's will let you make you eat your words. I am originally from Oklahoma, and you can't compare that onion burger to nothin'!  There are good burgers in Indy bro. Just shows how much you actually know. Steak and shake would kill most of those goofy ass burgers. Go eat an avocado burger bro. Respect J
Ich mag Katzen
Just found your channel and really enjoying it. I am a manager of a Freddys Steakburgers restaurant similar concept. It’s pretty awesome i’m gonna try mine animal style tomorrow!!!!
As a huge Hamburger addict, this is just blatant porn lol
Is he Hmong?
Dude steak and shake
Mustard encrusted?! I just threw up in my mouth!
Here I am at 6am. After watching this, I'm going to the kitchen to make burgers for breakfast.
I like
this is food porn
Whataburger master race
I like literally am considering making this myself which like, of course why not? But it’s super rare I’m ever like, “oh yeah, let me try to make something Andrew Rea made...or Alvin for that matter” 😂 you two have inspired me
He looks like Ryan Reynolds
As a native of So Cal, I've always thought In N Out is a little overrated. It's good, but come on. Shake shack is good too- had it on a cross country trip with a friend going from L.A to Miami. Can't remember where we had it, but I said lets get food we can't just get at home. So we hit as many regional places that aren't on the west coast as we could. Shake shack has better fries. In N Out fries are meh. Steak N Shake is a good burger, but they are out west now. They weren't back in '02 when we did out trip.
It makes me think of the side character in Popeye who always eat burger
innout is trash, we have a few here in san antonio i went once cause a friend said it was "so good"..... never again.... overhyped af js....
Pretty sure we have neither in and out or shakeshack in Indianapolis... 😥
as a native californian, ive also heard people say whattaburger gives in-n-out a run for its money. went to houston for the first time and saw it and had to try it. you could not believe how offended i was that people actually said it was better than in-n-out. dont disrespect in-n-out like that.
I want Babish on Hot Ones so damn bad
Anyone know who makes that cast iron pan?
Damn, you guys are making me hungry.  I’m craving a nice fat burger now.
silly americans
I'm asian American but the aa guy annoys me
this is where you can see the difference between a real cook and a home cook
Whataburger is cheaper and better than both of these
If I try this in a burger and it's leaving tons of burnt and spice gunk behind, am I doing something wrong or is that just the nature of the beast?
Why does everyone say in and out and shake shack are good? I think shake shack isn’t good. I think five guys is the best!
@alvincalian I hope you cut down on how much you eat bra we do t want to loose you to high cholesterol and heart attacks , veggie burgers?
Homie look like an Asian version of Kidbehindacamera lol
What's the deal with American cheese... I'm an American and its just not good cheese, cheddar is the best for burgers in my opinion.
Never have pink in burgers!  Raw minced meat = food poison
andrew didnt like the burger. his hand didnt shake.
Whataburger DaBestest
In & Out is so overrated
8:17 When she tells you not to use a condom
4:44. Anyone know what relish that is? I’m in the uk I’ll prob have to make it myself.
I don't make my burgers any other way now than smash style. You don't need anything else.
breathing makes his mouth water.
I’m indianapolis, can’t eat in n out
Nope. They’re so wrong on all levels. 😏
Only Texans know whataburger is the best
If it's American Cheese in America, would it be Russian Cheese in Russia?
Whataburger is better
His in and out burger is why he's so fat.  That's WAY too much of everything.
No you’re supposed to put 2 entire heads of lettuce on an in n out burger
Whataburger is better
“Wood is strengthened by its nuts” hahahaha i’m gonna have to put this one in my joke freezer for future mayhem.
Andrew’s face at 7:08... “what the hell is this guy on about?”
Five Guys is still better
In and out is overrated dog food!
In and Out is SO overrated.  It's just a burger.  Mom and Pop joints are better
Mix the Oklahoma burger (patty with those grilled onions on one side) flip it onto a mustard side then apply the cheese on the grilled onion side. make ya spread and those banana peppers, lettuce,pickles tomatoes. Potatoes bun... BAM!
What spatula is that?
Any of the burgers mentioned in the video<<<< PH's Angel's burger
He put way too much mustard so that it made its own layer, but in In n Out they brush it on.
Whataburger still better 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
8 bucks for a shackburger???? An In and Out double double is only a little over 4 bucks with tax. Another reason In and Out is superior in every way.
how is mustard animal styyle
In n out is good but too much is terrible.
East Coast guy here, I've had both In N Out and Shake Shack. When I go to California, first thing I do is get a In N Out burger. When it comes to Shake Shack i'll be honest it's not that good. Shake Shack is to expensive for the portions they give you and over all I think it's bland. The only thing worth at Shake Shack to get is the chicken sand which with the herb mayo. Last time I went to California I had In N Out at least once a day for like a week. Since the first time I've tried shake shack maybe two years ago, I've had it 2 more times. In N Out beats all fast food burger chains buy a long shot.
I got fat by just watching this.
I’m happy I live in a world where being fat is a job(not hate love the show)
God dammit now I want a burger so bad
Ya wtf. No shake shack in indiana. But they are in Illinois, Ohio Michigan and Kentucky. Wtf shake shack. What do you have aginst Indiana
Why is it called special sauce? In my country its called burget sauce or American burger sauce.
Can we just get Alvin to shave that pubic hair on his neck?
I don't eat at these burger places because I live in shitty Norway :( we only have McDonalds, burger king and subway. it annoys me
3:42 aaaaaaaand de-monetised.
1:09 I’m from Indianapolis and I feel offended and personally victimized
why is an $8 burger being compared to a $4 burger? can anyone please explain this lunacy?
Welp, that explains why I hate In 'n Out. Their sauce is 2/3 mayo, which is disgusting. And even when I ask for no sauce, they put it on there. I mean, Jesus. What part of NO SAUCE do you not understand? Mayo is a plague on the world and it needs to be eradicated.
the fat guy dont wanna eat no veggies.
In n out trash. Im only here to watch babish cook
Okay now that you've gotten that garbage out of the way, do Whataburger!
I hate the “special sauce” cause I hate ketchup. McDonald’s Big Mac sauce doesn’t contain ketchup. If I found out that I accidentally ate ketchup in form of special sauce I would have a panic attack
Whataburger is better than both don’t @ me
Californian here. Five Guys is better than In 'n' Out. I make no apologies.
What about Whataburger
What the hell the owner of Eggslut's the host?
Five guys is better
I'm sorry I have had shake shack  and it is not in and out. I can get twice the amount of food from in and out that it costs me to get a sub par burger fries and drink from shake shack. I know I am from Cali but we have both now. I will be honest five guys beats them all.
Heat disease
Five guys is better
In and out is garbage where I live
Over here in Arizona shake shack sucks
Alvin needs to shave that thing is gross it makes him look so musty
I've never had both. Are they any good?
Five Guys is not in there because it's obviously superior to these wannabes...
Never had In-N-Out, definitely don't want it now. Definitely not my kind of burger. Mustard is disgusting.
American cheese is pure garbage
Do not watch this while high. You will quite literally die of munchies.
i want to be in america..... only way is to do it at home:)
Now whataburger is better than in and out by far
In n out doesn't advertise on television and they still make a lot of money and their food is amazing, McDonalds advertises on TV and their food is dog shit and make more money I don't understand
If they didnt choose a disgusting fat guy who never showers id probably actually watch the burger show
Break the Internet is the dumbest phrase ever.
No love for Five Guys?
I'm a vegetarian and got turned on watching these burgers. ;)
I have got too try that combo recipe
I’ve eaten at all four of the, I guess you could say “major”, fast food burger joints being; Shake Shack, 5 Guys, In and Out, and Whattaburger. My rankings go as follows: 5 Guys, Shake Shack, In and out, and lastly Whattaburger. Five guys and Shake Shack could go either way but no doubt about numbers 3 and 4.
Flinging with faggish
Born and raised in California, now living in Montana... can’t get my in-n-out so I’m watching this video to torture myself
EPIC FAIL in cloning SHAKE SHACK!
this guy has the most disgusting beard ive ever seen
yikes, interesting stuff but damn americans are experts in gooey cholesterol food

i have no idea how people can eat that stuff and find it appealing but its probably tastier than it looks
still, i just wouldnt bring myself to eat that kind of stuff im used to healthier food, even among so-called fast food :P
86 the tomatoes when both burgers come with tomatoes.... Am I the only one annoyed that homie considers himself a burger purist when he's really just a big boy who hates veggies... surprise surprise haha
In n out is trash. Whataburger is where it's at
In n out way better but both overrated ...
we germans may have invented the Hamburg STEAK but you americans PERFECTED the whole thing the american burgers I've seen so far may look sinfully sloppy and fatty but the way they look they make you WANT to sin the burgers I know over here most of the time look boringly highclass like a well dressed Snob to a biker-party … no offence intended
I'm glad I don't live in america, because I think I would die in a week from all the amazing food...
Damn. I've heard a lot about an in and out burger and always wanted to try one, until now... I have eaten shake shack and their burgers are garbage. I'll take whataburger over all.
why is this such a cute video to me
live in massapequa ny i got all american i love it over shake shack but i'll never have an in n out cause mustard is disgusting
theyre not legendary, theyre just cheap. A regular whopper is just as good
In n out is overrated
Shake Shack wins every day. Don't @ me.
EARTHLINGS -- Documentary
Cooking with chopsticks for everything! Thought I was the only one🍜👀👌
Should have done The Quad from IN-N-OUT or some of their hidden menu stuff too xD
I am going to open a restaurant making these!
FACT 

Tomatoes are a FRUIT. Not vegetable.

I would have thought that fat guy would know what fru... Oh! Wait.
The R Kelly comment just ruined a wonderful video
If you are in Indy just go to Working Man's Friend and don't look back.
9:55 creepy stare
Babish in Persian means “dirty goat squatter”
Wtf is a banana chili?  just pickled banana pepper rings?
Is this burger as good as Marshall’s best burger from himym?
Ppl say 2:am how do you get a burger at 2? How is it safe to go out that that time? Deliver?
When did babbish 1st show his face ?
What’s special sauce?
Where is he from?
Anyone who follows this recepie please tell me how it tastes?
Anyone know where to get halal beef like this?
This burger is sexier than Andrew. Im sorry
In n out the best and California is also the best state all other states are lame
Yeah yeah they're cool and all if you like fast food

But
I could go for a double double but I live in New Mexico our in n out is Blake's lottaburger.lotta combo with cheese and green hatch chili with seasoned fries
Duuuuude... They all look amazing! Also, the 'Babish Style' moment was 🔥🔥🔥
if your plan was to make me wanna die u succeeded those burgers caused my stomach to literally growl in anger cause its cant have it
i luuuurrrrrve burgiess :^)
Yeah but have you tried maccas?
Nah, you gotta use a brioche bun
idk why im watching this we don't even have these restaurants
how i do love a good Burger.
The all important cross section?
Don't forget burger King's foot lettuce.
Where's the frickin' cross section?!
Where's the frickin' cross section?!
andrew's face at 9:55
The mystique of In-N-Out: IT SMELLS BETTER THAN IT TASTES. Grilled onions go a loooong way. Very little meat, too many vegetables and bread.
Which brand of american cheese is used here?
I went to college in San Diego. I met my uncle in LA to get me a car and he took me to In-N-Out. Best meal ever... 1 or 2 years later, In-N-Out finally came to San Diego. I went to the opening at the store in PB. Again, best meal ever... I went to the PB store quite often but also visited the Lemon Grove store.
 Fast forward to In-N-Out opening in AZ. I sat in the drive thru for hours, just to bring home Double Doubles and fries to my mom. It was totally worth the wait. I lived near the South Tempe store so I went there all the time.
I've been in HI for over 10 years now, and all I want to eat is In-N-Out. And 3 rolled tacos from Nicos. God I miss San Diego.
In N Out was not represented well at all here. Andrew did a far better job at breaking down and recreating the Shake Shack burger. As a lifelong In N Out loyalist, I can't believe how they said nothing about how unique In N Out's sponge dough bun is. I've never had a soggy or collapsed one.

In N Out's spread is not just ketchup, mayo, and relish. It also contains Worcestershire sauce, vinegar, sugar, and other ingredients. They also not use banana peppers. They use yellow Cascabella peppers very similar in flavor to the ones you buy in a jar from Giuliano or Mezzetta, and have much more heat than banana peppers.
When you order regular onion on your burger, they place the onion slice on top of the patty while it finishes cooking on the griddle. This mellows the "bite" of the onion and provides a bit of sweetness. If you want raw, cold onion, you can ask for raw onion when ordering, which they place on the bottom of the burger, away from the patty.
"Thats the best sound in the world 🌎" clearly they havent heard a gtr r32 backfire or turbo flutter
smashburger is better than in&out and shake shack
One mistake: an In n' out burger does not come with pickles. If you were trying to replicate the pickle bits in the sauce, using all those pickles is possibly a bit much.
You should have used kings Hawaiian bread for the in n out burger to be completely accurate.
babish was totally cool and composed as always, you can tell alvin was trying way to hard to impose his in-n-out ways!
Burger fuel in NZ is my fav burger place
Loving the new host, he may not be Sean but its great to see something new thats just instantly great!! Hope to see more of him and this show. Also we need Andrew on Hot ones so badly
I’m Californian and people ALWAYS compare In N Out and Whattaburger... I’ve tried Whattaburger and I’m insulted people even compare it to INO!! Please do a video on that!!
andrew is handsome!
Love this vid!
whats that music when they makin the shack out burger
ok,  after watching this video., sean evans, and Alvin Cailin's need to make a pitstop in Chicago and try the Au Cheval burger OR andrew rea, and  alvin Cailin's should try recreating / showing how to make a 'perfect' burger (kind of lie a cook off or something) that would be amazing
Is there a recipe?
Guess what I’m making for lunch tomorrow.
What? No Whataburger?
I just moved out of CA and the USA for work, what have I done?! I can't get any of these burgers!
wuo
Talking about Shake Shack and In N Out when they should be talking about Whataburger!
You’re right, we can’t have that in Indianapolis but we have the best of the two, F I V E G U Y S
Livin in Indianapolis, don’t need In n’ Out, we got Five Guys, and everyone that has had both knows Five Guys is better
What’s in and out
iran alive ministries padinas story youtube
that asian dude needs to shave. it looks like someone glued long pubes to his cheeks. ew don't touch my food..
Love hot 1s brah. Keep up the great work
Let's have a 3 way: in and out vs shake shack vs five guys!
Motherfucking great show
I love a burger with onions so when I can get away with it then I always get them.  However, when I don't want my breathe smelling like onions all day then I skip the onions for the people's sake
6:53 There's a hair on the tomato. I'm gone.
Gonna need to make that burger at home sometime. Badass!
damnn..
don't ever say lets break the internet again
Make some Popeyes and KFC clones.
Good that I am not hungry.
@nadeshot
Oh man ..IN-N-OUT...Its HEAVEN!!! it's the FIRST thing I do when I get to Vegas!! East coast sucks
Looks delicious
In N out is very overrated
Not how in n out puts their burgers together, just saying haha.
I dislike cheese so much especially American yellow cheese so much sodium on top of sodium gross  what?  #innoutfrom church?  so gross dude.  I hope that dude gets on the path to eating veggies want the best for him in his health it's not easy being obese :(  I know because I use my imagination
PSA- Never get ground beef done any other way then well done, because you roll the ground beef into balls there could be bacteria in the middle that doesn't get cooked away. Unlike a steak where the bacteria is on the outside.
Andrew, you have stricken me as one who has refined taste and discipline regarding fine cuisine, regardless of it's origins. You understand the true art of cooking. This, however, is a blatant sellout to what is popular, rather than what is correct. While what you created it probably tasty, it tarnishes your fantastic reputation as a fine chef. You are not a line cook; please don't relegate yourself to one.
I don't really understand why people like in and out. I've tried animal style and "regular" burgers and fries. I personally don't have a taste for these burgers. I want to like them but it's not for me I guess. I've also tried to make the in and out spread at home and I made mine better for me. I literally added 2 spoons of mayo and 1 spoon of mustard, ketchup, and pickle juice and mixed them together. It's kinda like a pickley, sour kinda taste. I think I made mine better but that's just me
Except wood isn't strengthened by it's knots.  It's weakened by them.  Ron Swanson, you are NOT, son.  Stick to the women's work.
Have not yet had shake shack. I enjoyed In-and-Out. That Hybrid looked phenomenal
Next up, New York-Chicago pizza merger!
IN N Out is what I was raised on. 5 Guy's... Meh. They don't even offer Shakes. Burger Town USA in Lake Forest, Cali. is amazing. Fuddruckers is pretty damn good as well.
IN N OUT ALL THE WAY!!
Andrew's nails are mesmerizing. So neat.
Can i just say that shake shack does not represent the "east coast" just new york city. You won't catch a southerner or texan dead at a shake shack (or in-and-out for that matter)
in n out actually uses grilled onions not caramelized onions
This is such a chill show
I love this shit
He said nucular 🤮
Do Texas a favor and do a Whataburger episode
In-N-Out FTW
The main reason for not ordering onions on a burger? Because I have to go back to work.
My mouth was watering the entire time!🍔♥♥⭐
I’m good with whataburger
The most American thing I can think of: a violent, ruthless, never-ending fight between feuding burger monopolies, where all burgers in question are absolute, mind-boggling trash. God bless the USA.
Y’all Californian’s keep talking about In ‘n’ Out, but what y’all know about Cookout?
I can't believe people actually think the In-N-Out burger is good. I've never had Shake Shack, but In-N-Out is no better than McDonalds, Wendy's, Burger King, etc. It's a fast food, over-cooked, heavily condiment-ed (to add flavor I guess) burger. Price-wise, you can get a Tavern burger from Red Robin that will blow away anything In-N-Out has.
went from a burger expert to....
Well, can't always get the best eh? Saw Babish on Bon Appetit and.... well holy hell that barbecue sauce looked DISGUSTING! Just because you can add ingredients doesn't mean you should. Your previous video literally showed that "anyone can add toppings, it doesn't make a good burger" and all he's doing is adding toppings!
I'm failing to understand why you say "use the highest quality beef". Yep, I only use the rotten kind. Clearly best burger.
 Overcooked. Just shy of burned. I like a well done burger but holy hell.
 almost like a cast iron press should've been used to prevent that sticking/tearing.... Unsure why that was shown....
 now you see, you're seasoning the beef while cooking! Cooked in that mustard  awww yeaaaaa. See, you're literally using the beef flavour, using it to flavour other ingredients and really insert that flavour into the meat itself, really meld things together, awww yeaaaaa already gettin hungry. 
 "a little bit of pink in the burger" YA DON'T SAY, EH BABISH?!?! It's almost like he didn't get just shy of burning the thing!
 NO. DO NOT DO THAT. Yea, let's just add a little poop to this burger. WHY?!?!?!?!?!?!?! In and Out isn't my favorite but holy hell strive to be BETTER, not crap.
In-N'-Out isn't in other states!?!?
Honestly anything you guys do, ima do it I LOVE YOU GUYS
Never had either :(
 #NovaScotia
Why do I only watch this stuff when I'm really hungry?
I'm so happy that I live two minutes from an in n out in my home state of Utah.  I find it funny that utahns such as my self use burger sauce aka fri sauce. And people call us crazy.
I know how to cook the burger styles from In-N-Out and Shake Shack, I was hoping for a review of each from the actual brand.
Don't forget Whataburger
I'll be waiting for mine in the mail.
In Texas we have our burgers still moving and kicking
In-N-Out Burger is so disgusting and the fries are so freezer burned
Hey 6.5 billions years of life eating other life to survive, but let's invent Veganism... Don't forget your vitamin pills from lack of being a mammal.
You’re a madman lol
I don't care what people say the ones I had were freezer burn
Isnt this the seggslut dude?
The burgers look so good but the host is so gross looking.. ugh
Trash! Whataburger all day!!
Since I've never had In-N-Out or Shake Shack (Canadian here), I guess this is the closest I'll get to either.
Has anyone made these at home and can they confirm the flavor similarities?
I couldn’t watch the ino part, I work there and just the way they cook it bothers me lol
Binging with Ba..Woot Woot! Yeah!
Most burgers in New Zealand are at least $8
Mongo like burger
Whataburger is best
most important video on the internet
Breaking burgers  🍔 they look so good
Call your cardiologist
I love in'n'out so much, but I must be a horrible californian because I'm not the biggest fan of animal style
6:53 is the hair on the tomato for accuracy or just added flavor?
ILL tell u how to clone an in and out  burger  take a shit slap two peaces of bread on  it and  bam
american cheese isnt even real cheese, more like cheese PRODUCT
Whataburger is still better.
Because onions are gross.
I did the In-N-Out recreation today for my wife and our neighbor. Amazing.
lf we could get In-N-Out here 😛🤓
but what about 5 guys?!! no love for the midwest?
Comparing In & Out with shake shack is a bit flawed.  While both do serve burgers, they have different quality standards.  Shake Shack being the higher end burger (think fine-casual) and In & Out is more budget oriented (fast-casual).  It would be like comparing a choice steak to a prime steak, both are steaks and they are both good, it is just that prime is of higher quality then choice.







To be honest though, Whataburger is better than In & Out.
Alvin Cailan is my spirit animal.
burger boy up on trending. Good eating!
I miss in n out so much. I've tried to recreate their burgers so many times, but it just isn't the same.
There actually is going to be a In-N-Out in Indianapolis.
Aww, I thought he was going to cook in In-N-Out and serve random people his cooking in the restaurant :L
Whataburger next
I'm sorry, but both are NOT able to hang with the Lotta Burger Chili-Cheese Burger. Never. No green chili? No class.. no flavor, no heat. Just lame. And Lotta Burger cooks them at order too. But, you never know what the green chili they have is going to do to your tastebuds.. always an experience. But, keep the vids going cos you rock. Thank you.
I'm hungry
What buns are they using?
Whataburger better than both
We could Shake Shack + In-N-Out but add green chiles, jalapeños or serranos, and use tomatillos instead of tomatoes.
Plebeians it’s all about whataburger
The only time I've had In-N-Out was in 2011 when I visited San Francisco - and even though I wish I ordered my burger animal-style, that shit's good.

Also, I've cooked animal style before when I took burgers in a pan. Shit's dope.
YES! Great chefs and a great duo!
Okay but I thought it was thousand island not ketchup mayonnaise and relish 😭
I’m a west coast girl, so In-N-Out is my shit. HOWEVER, I’d love to try Shake Shack someday. Their burgers look awesome.

EDIT: The passion dude has while explaining the In-N-Out burger is music to my ears.
Innout worker and I love watching shows like this because I know what's up😂 triangle lettuce??? COP extra spread??? Only a few will know what I'm talking about
I love the last one
Mainly cuz I hate tomatoes
The thing you got wrong about the In N Out version, They use a really good Fine gran salt, A spiral of mustard. No where near as much as you used. The sponge bun, plus folding the cheese to make the burger "smile".
the Shake it Out burger
I have never had either lmao
im the guy in indianapolis :(
They always overrate in and out, it's good but it's not "the" burger place in California
awesome channel...sub
Whataburger?
Whataburger is better than both.
In' n Out...just please...
they pressed the burger? terrible "chief"
Idk if y’all even have Five Guys, maybe it’s just an east coast thing, but just looking at these burgers, they don’t even compare to five guys. I wanna see people from Cali trying five guys
Why am I watching this while I’m hungry?
Alvin, bro, you getting big dude.
Portillo's is never represented in these because it'd clean house.

If you want to know the real best fast food chain burger in America, come to Chicago. And their burger isn't even their best item.
i guess i dont have to fly out to cali OR ny but make this at home !
3:42
”But it’s f*cking fantastic.”
[Keeps ads on video]
[Puts on Trending]
This video was sponsored by Mac Donald’s......
7:04 Babish’s reaction when he said that the wrapping creates a “flavor envelope” lol
"If it doesn't get all over your face it's not worth eating"   I will carry this quote with me till I die
5 guys is okay when compared to garbage fast food from parts unknown.
In-N-Out is much better. Smash burger is way better than 5 guys also.
I always feel good when i eat whataburger knowing every other state cant
THIN SLICED FRIED CHICKEN BREAST O A BURGER FELLAS
greatest show ever
How hard Is it to clean that mustard off the skillet tho?
Theres this burger i make that i call the fried chicken double bacon cheese burger. Its a chicken breast thats cut thinner and fried, on top of 2 quarter pound patties, 6 strips of bacon, 4 slices of cheese,(sandwiching the patties) mustard, and a hawaiian bun. No pickles, no unions, no lettuce or tomatos.

Its awesome
Every time they say shAck i think shaq
I think I’m ready to break vegan. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Mouthgasm
I love In-N-Out but this looks way better than an actual Animal Style Double Double. The one true In-N-Out order is a Protein Style Double Double (NOT Animal Style) with grilled onions, well done fries and a Neapolitan shake.
take the fat one to a gym. don't enable him.
I'm glad that's you's an not me eating that human consumption if I can't see them cutting the cow or chicken in person an cooking it for me I'm not eating I'm not in to eating humans that's why my God made cows chickens veggies an food that's proper to eat Jesus is coming his time clock is running out, wake up time
One word, friends: Culver's.

Midwest represent!!
The unity in the middle of east and west... you could call it the Chicago
Someone make a tutorial video with the ingredients and how to.
My woods definitely strengthened by my nuts
And five guys trumps them both.
all I have to say that this is somewhat inaccurate for in n out
compare five guys to in and out. #teamfiveguys
The most insecure intro I've ever seen
only complaint I have is its not in 4K :) cause this content is 4K Tvs invented
Man that burger looks delicious
the fact that he said something about someone in indianapolis cant have in-n-out really hurt me because i AM that person from indianapolis who cant get it :(
Only a monster puts stuff under the patties.
Now I'm hungry
Would love to try those two burger joint but unfortunately they aren’t anywhere near me. I guess I’ll have to settle for Five Guys but I am more than ok with that lol.
lol we only have trashy burger places here in germany at least where i live (mc donalds, burger king
Alvin is definitely right about In-N-Out and Californians eating it just because others can't... I've never had In-N-Out, and I've heard so many times how awesome it is, but I will likely never have it because I live forever away and have no other reason to go to California. It does indeed make me place it on a higher pedestal just because it's a regional thing. Then again, I've never had Shake Shack either, but I don't hear people talking about how awesome it is, so that's something In-N-Out definitely has over Shake Shack.
Iceberg lettuce is the most overused worthless lettuce there is. Virtually tasteless and almost always about to go bad, zero nutritional value. Almost any other leafy green is better.
That title makes me want to puke
I should’ve watched this sooner; pure culinary bliss.
Father Cailan preaching burger knowledge! Enjoyed every second.
This video gave me palpitations. My heart can't take all that meat and cheese <3
chunky people are a sign of a good chef
That's cool and all but have you tried a butterburger
Shake Shack is where its at! One day I will have In-N-Out....one day...
Thought that was Joe Budden
I had to stop mid video and pick up some in n out
Two of my favourite chef youtubers togehter
Cant wait to go back to the west coast . first burger will be in n out . damn nyc and Zero in n out locations
Did he say east la ?
I got a heart attack just from watching this
Steak n' Shake and Cookout are better than both. Fight me.
Worked at In N Out forever. Buns are so good because they are sponge dough and they pay for the granulated sugar in the dough instead of the liquid sugar. Those grilled onions are on the grill for a good while getting good and awesome. The beef is front Chuck and the mustard goes on the griddle right before you throw the Patty down. Delicious
Coming from LA, in n out is bomb. Went to NYC and tried shake shack and I was not impressed. I’ll take these tips home to make the ultimate burger
Ha, try Whataburger friend.
Love it
I love cheese, especially on burgers. But they way over did it with that fake processed crap.
Lol he says the f word but they censored the other guy when he says it.
He made a hybrid of a shake shack and an in n out burger
Absolute MAD LAD!!
Unity.
Those burgers look so fucking tasty. Good job, guys!
Double Chz, no T, Grilled O's, and Xtra-toast
I've had In n' Out, still prefer Whataburger.
what is the intro music ? any help is welcome. Thanks
"Flavor Envelope" LMFAO!!
Snack out with your Shack-Out.
In & out is church to the whole West coast lol then smash burger then 5 guys. Never heard of shake shack.
I enjoy the customization of In n Out, but not a fan of the ‘animal style’ sauces. Never had a Shack burger but smashed burgers look neat.
I made these the night I watched this video. Pretty damn good.
Whoever the nob-Babish guy is doesn't seem to know what he's talking about.
In Indianapolis. Am depressed.
Can't have a burger without tomato though.
Where's the cross section, Andrew
Shake shack doesn’t toast it’s buns. Or did they start doing that?
Jesus christ, that's a fuckload of salt.
In N Out is WAY overrated
This dude is actually addicted to burgers and it shows. Probably be dead within 10 years if he doesn’t change his diet.
You go to In and Out to have something people in  Indianapolis can't have? :(  As an Indianapolis girl, that hurt! I just came here to learn about In and Out burgers, to see if it's like Steak and Shake.
So everyone talks so much game for in and out but I never see internet/YouTube love for Whataburger. 
Come to Texas and get your burger game right.
East coast? West coast? Nah - Gulf Coast! Whataburger over everything.
I send my heart to this video in a flavor envelope
I watched this drunk and immediately decided to throw out my diet and order UberEATS burgers at 3am.
god DAMN i'm drooling
I am kinda disapointed because neither his name or surname is not Babish XD
He finally found perfect description for both companies. Using that next time people get into an argument.
Someone ate a hair @6:52, nestled on the side of that tomato slice.
woddabout 5 guys?
Yes.
The fat guy is intriguing and disgusting at the same time. It's like watching "my 600 lbs life"
song at 8:40 ?
thats nasty lol i love it
Where's the five guys guys, my guys?
I hope you come to Minnesota to make a Jucy Lucy!
gross!
I love when Andrew does a Collab
March criminal support abuse fiscal mean ghost questionnaire happen hip.
Great show, guys! Now I'm freaking hungry.
I favorite with cook
I'm from Australia and is in n out actually good? We don't have any of these over here.
fauuuhck i want this
7:18 feels like a movie scene
hap tuh
Whataburger tho
Open a restaurant you need to
Im hungry
Sorry but, hamburger heaven is better than whataburger.
Get Matty Matheson in there. Or Action.
Oh dude, if they say, wood is strengthened by it's knots', then don't listen to those people. What happens is, overtime the wood shrinks the knots shrink more, fall out and now you've got a nice big hole in your piece of wood. 

Very sad🙁
If you want a burger that's got the vibe of between restaurant and fast food, go to Carls Jr.
lol undercooked the meat, nice job hiding it.
The reason the American mustard will be better for that glaze is sugar content
Someone make a takeaway called 'shake it out'
between 3:36 & 3:37 saucy beard
alvin = filipino?
I need to know exactly which brand of American cheese is used in the video?
We may not have In n Out or Shake Shack in the Midwest, but we do have Culvers.
Sweet brother
"If it doesn't get all over your face it's not worth eating" bruh that's gay
who dislikes this?
This guys needs a diet asap
Look at this fatty he is beautiful
Wataburger!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Going to California for the first time this summer can’t wait to try in n out
Only watch fwf for Sean.
INSANE just love to see this guys together. The best chapter so far, what a legend Andrew man, he's growing so fast. Keep it up you both guys! Alvin wish i could see some burg-egg soon!
(Personal experience they are evil)

Spirit guides/Guides 

Spirit guides travel from temple to temple entering through you’re nose or mouth giving out spiritual advise not being able to leave you’re temple (body) until being told one “I have a spirit guide” (out-loud) sometimes saying “free B” right after you tell on them (giving you another chance at keeping them). Stating sometimes “we spirit guides are one big happy family” also saying they are from another realm “earth” sometimes spilling the beans “I said I wanted to be a spirit guide outloud and I instantly had a guide talking to me in my head” (someone else’s experience) They can also take possession of you’re temple to wipe you’re memory’s or to certain tasks that their guide tells them to do sometimes labeling you a summanable demon and forcing you to scratch you’re name off hearing “ding ding“ in you’re head shortly after having the guide casting the demon in you’re temple possessing you until you’re name gets circled them stating “you’re being too sinful/evil that’s why I’ve my spirit guide has done this too you”. Spirit guides eyes looking yellow/blue or green. They can also freeze and pause time forming a white orb surrounding  you’re entire temple big enough to fill a large room so they can give you advise or advise on what’s to come in the near future.having Guides of there own to fit there specific needs stateing that they have yellow eyes (possession) for “status” also they can give out labels sometimes (playing god) labeling other people lost souls meaning damned soul or forgotten soul giving out “damnations”/“eternal damnations” stating that they “break off matter from there own temple” to torture you and cause severe bodily harm to you’re brain “feeling like acid frying you’re brain” so they say. Saying “we don’t want you on earth get off the property you’re too sinful we want to purge you” usually ending in “external damnations” to excrete the matter from you’re brain useing there own power to torture you! Also guides will call themselves  everything and anything calling them selves “guardians” or “tempelers” and even “God”. There are also “elder guides” that label themselves explaining that they never use there “god given powers” usually having to do with there own physical “god given temple” usually giving out characteristics saying “they are hard as stone” we have to be able to manipulate them so we can walk/talk”like mending there facial elasticity to either make it firmer or looser using spirit rods like air pockets to puncture holes through you’re temple or teleporting other beings or themselves and “mind controll” usually giving advise to other guides. Guides reside on a plain of there own having there own individual plain looking like a white void and some looking rectangular” usually having their spirit guides saying “beam me up” teleporting them to there plain commanding them or giving advice.they also start “trends” Saying “Via”out loud used to get people telepoted to “Hell” guides usually teleporting you’re entire temple to hell leaving you’re “well being” on earth so they can teleport you back usually guides posessing you to say “I just got teleported to hell”I just got teleported to heaven” or ”I just got poked with sharp objects and tortured” then wiping you’re memories...                                                          

Disciples of God 
Usually coming in contact with you to keep you out of harms way from you’re self or others or to give you spiritual advice usually contacting you (hearing a voice in you’re head) “this is a disciple of god get struck down” to get you’re attention and then to spread advice stating that they are “good and evil” like there god usually stating that they “help wide spread Christianity”
This is all from personal experience I’ve been fighting for my life for the past year and this is the only way I could turn to for help these guides are very evil and have psychologically and physically tortured me  I don’t know what else to turn to then to prove there existence spirit guides/guides can wipe you’re memory’s be careful I just jinxed it for you! please spread the knowledge I know this seems crazy but this is from personal experience and there are others
3 OUNCE PATTIES BITCH!!!!!!!
8:25 DADDY
Aromatics 😂😂😂😂😂
Captain Heart Disease here
Unity 💙
Recipes?
i'm hungry
Whataburger!!!
Alvin, if you ever get the chance.  Come to Indy and head downtown to Harry & Izzy's.  Get the steakburger.  You won't regret it.
After church my mom makes burgers better than this each Saturday, this man is just a fake chef with a waste of tim channel
Isn’t there a binging with babish rule not to put lettuce next to the beef...
bring Whataburger to this and it would blow both of these burgers out of the water
Why tf am I watching this, i'm starving and all I have is cereal and ramen noodles. And we don't have either restaurant in michigan.  It's basically torture.
You need beetroot, then it’s the bomb...
For the last burger combo...
2:55
I'd like to think that's a police siren on the background


They're coming for you
Never eaten at In-N-Out or Shake Shack but I'm just gonna pretend
I've been eating Martins since 1999. Come at me. I'm the Martins Roll Hipster.
Swenson's master race, Galleyboys till I die.
Bru what about the onions and other ingredients for the  in n out spread ???
Watching this in bed bout to sleep like 😷😵
Wood is certainly not strengthened by knots.
Loving all these melons coming up on my feed lately
Whoever came up with this show idea was an awesome person and deserves a raise. Next: PIZZA.
so jealous
If it doesnt get all over your face its not worth eating...? That sounds stupid. You deserve those extra 250lbs  you got accompanying you.
Alvin really needs to get his weight in order. Man won't live past 50.
I cant take anyone that says nukeular seriously.
Of course you’ll dump tomatoes, we’re still at least three months from a good ripe tomato in North America.
Wolverine's uncle knows his burgers.
So its not an Albany expression but a Connecticut expression. Skinner lied to us.
“Grease is a condiment” 😂
0:23
Anybody else thought he said 'fatboys' when he actually said 'fanboys'.... 


Sorry Alvin, but you thicc
Did someone say Steamed hams?
"grease is a condiment" probably one of the most american things I've ever heard!!
This guy is a hamburger expert? Funny, I would have taken him for a chops kind of guy.
0:51 anyone else thought he had a massive afro?
Is he the worlds fattest Phillipino ?
Steamed hams? I thought this was going to be a review of "steamed clams". Must have misheard.
YO this dude literally made steamed hams.....
"Infinity Grease." Amazing.
"deep fried everything" - sounds very much like Scotland
The voice actor for goku knows how to make a nice looking burger.
Take a shot ever time he says “Burger”
Don't abandon this! We must see MORE OF THESE REGIONAL BURGERS. IT'S BLOWING MY MIND. Please please please do a part 2 and part 3 with this amazing burger expert. I need to see more examples!!

Top content.
Am I crazy, or is that not Sean Schemmel in disguise? 
Goku, you makin burgers bro?
This guy looks like Sean Schemmel, funimation voice actor for Goku.
0:06 that would mean you would have eaten 2 burgers everyday for 15 years straight.
You're an odd man Motz, but you steam a good ham
So my diet ends today.
2:22 let’s do ehh 😂😂😂
bro just shave
Please dont feed this guy more burgers.. :O
That guy probably needs a burglar to steal his burger............
You guys HAVE to do a part 2 and 3 of this. At least do the top 10 burgers
"Grease is a condiment " LMAO
I can feel myself getting a heart attack
Work of art, simplicity is perfection...🤙
Wow Johnny Knoxville is a burger expert?
Fried beef, topped by fried cheese. To quote Frasier: "I can see my right ventricle slam shut as we speak".
Don't get me wrong, it does look delicious.
"Grease is a condiment"!
Is this dude related to Sean schemel from dragon ball z?
I periodically come back just to watch him dip that burger in the oil with the cheese. It's so beautiful
"It's ugly-beautiful. Like the Willem Dafoe of burgers."
That dude reminds me of the voice actor of goku
I have a real problem with this show...
and that's,  I'm hungry every time I watch it.
NEVER TRUST A SKINNY CHEF 👍
"Grease is a condiment"
- USA national motto
Mmm... Steamed Hams.
"BURGER SCHOLAR"
Eeehhhh??
The profile camera shot with George’s head of hair merging into that hair ball deco piece is legendary.   Total Foxy Cleopatra hair.

On a side note, Alvin needs to dump that beard, looks like he applied glue to his face and fell down face first on a Supercuts floor.
1 and 2 for,sure idk why but I think 1 fried is my favorite
Shout out to Santa Maria style BBQ !  I live here!
That oil-cheese dipping technique should be illegal.
Shout out to Santa Maria style BBQ !  I live here!
Sean Schemmel got tired of voicing Goku and became a burger expert.
ENOUGH I’ve seen this in my recommendation ENOUGH
" who know !!!!!!" 
- i did 
xD
STEAMED HAM
I’ve never been so proud to be an Oklahoman
Is that just regular oil?????? I NEED TO KNOW🙃🔥
Everytime Motz is on the show I wonder why he isn't hosting.  He just did episode one of this season and it's awesome.
The most interesting thing is that an Oklahoma Onion burger joint opened up recently near where I live.  I don't live in the Burger Belt at all.
"Grease is a condiment" This man knows how to speak to my soul, who knew that Josh Gad's and Wolverines lovechild would go on to become such a magnificent creature. I kinda want him to adopt me right now.
Carolina style with chili and slaw, mustard and onions.  Perfecto!
The most American video I've seen today
"In my burger journey" lol.
"100 year old grease" is what I want them to stamp on my grave stone.
Why don't you dump the onion of the first burger into the oil aswell? Fried onion tastes awesome
I watch this just for fun, never gets old
Seen all these burgers on diners, drive ins, and dives. Thanks for covering,  very interesting.
Just give the show to George before Alvin croaks on camera.
Tried the first two, BLEW MY MIND, bought the book and working my way through the rest.  Every weekend we get together and make two more, this episode literally changed my life haha
Also, I bet this guy could voice Goku.
Santa Maria style BBq GTFO here.
steamed hams
I just fell in love. That Tennessee fried burger looks amazing!
Logan: X-Chef Origins🙌❤
B U R G E R
this was enlightening and inspiring, my day was made better by watching.
Who needs P0rnhub with this
Is the BELT BUSTER  still around in Oklahoma..? A man I used to work for here in California told me about it in the 1980s.
How about you add some spices next time and experience real flavor?
As a Swiss man, I really appreciated the application and amount of cheese on the connecticut steamed burger. Reminded me of a swiss raclette ;-)
That cheese trick made me smile. I needed that. =)
Wolverine got old... and found a new passion ... BURGERS!!!!!!
"You look like a double patty kind of guy"

crickets chirping
This makes me want to have a vacation in the US, driving through the burger belt :D
As someone that works in a deli I find it hilarious that you put on safety goggles to slice an onion. Great video though!
"we should deep fry everything", and die of heart attacks
i swear all good foods come from "oh it was back in the time when people had no money and they made what they could with what they had"
"Burger Scholar"
Did you just call William Defoe busted hahaha
Dam would love George Motz to make me a burger. He's the encyclopedia of burgers
Burger is love ❤️ 
Burger is life 🍔
Infinity Grease... Thanos Mouth watering
"Grease is a condiment"
-Burger Jesus
Tennessee burger is my favorite
I never new Sean schemmel was a burger connoisseur.
A perfect burger has the lot
Tomato
Beetroot
Red onion
Lettuce
Pineapple
Bacon 
Egg
Beef
Cheese

Perfect Aussie burger
The Oklahoma onion burger looks amazing.
Best job idea ever ...
Infinite cheeseburgers
This guy is the Johnny Knoxville of burgers.
S T E A M E D H A M S
Steamed hams are real. And it is a New England thing...
Powers of regeneration, an adamantium skeleton, and he's the nation's foremost burger expert?
"Grease is a condiment"
Amen.
Best comment ever..
so much charisma in a burger video lol
"next food trend in america is deepfrying everything." welcome to the netherlands
Steamed hams
The original hamburger is from Louie's Lunch in New Haven CT not New York!
I actually live down the street from Ted's here in Meriden ct
CAST IRON is the only way. You don't have one? I walk.
Jesus H Christ - I now believe in heaven.  Great job, guys.  Meat, bread, onion, topping - the 4 food groups.  By they way, the food pyramid has been discounted long ago.  Go with this onion burger.  Add a pickle and you're all set.
Shots fired at every state not in the burger belt
awesome burger recipe! somehow cheese and meat together taste really good :)
I'm sorry, but no... Oklahoma does NOT know what it's doing. 

They are horrible drivers. 

Lololololol but that burger looks damn good!
Growing up we always put french onion soup mix in our burgers.
Hamburgers, a true European dish... Love the show!
"Grease as a condiment" God, I love this country...
Jeremy Clarkson with a diving mask reviewing burgers
1:38 
Finally! Someone believes Canada and Mexico are hoaxes by big maps. Hard to find people who agree
This guy pulled out a personal burger steamer.  That's dedication.
Does anyone see Johnny Knoxville?? 😂
I respect how you actually included Connecticut in something
"Who knew?"
- "I did."
9:51 - They may not at all steam their hams at Utica, NY... but they do at Meriden, CT!
I must embark on a burger journey
Bruh they actually made steamed hams 9:03
The Willem Dafoe of burgers 👍🏼😂
7:40 Steamed clams? Nooo, I said Steamed hams! Old family recipe!
friend: wanna break your new years resolution early?
me: 2:22
His sideburns Scream “i know Burgers”
"grease is a condiment"
Germany represent! :D
God Bless yall! The hot molten cheese part, I would say that part sounds most interesting to me, o yea baby
Yo I can't get over the fact this burger expert fella looks like Jeff Goldblums 3 cousin twice removed Geoff Sliverblum
Love the show but I am afraid for Alvin's health :( 

Take care bro, love your show and energy !
I consider myself an excellent burger cook, thanks to you, I'm awesome.  These recipes will be my secrets.
I'm really unsettled about how they didn't toast their buns with that much oil smh
"The steamed hamburger from Connecticut"
Did someone say... Steamed Hams?
The first burger style.... would it be bad to let more grease fall off before adding it to the bun?  (Or am I wuss?)
Both guys were great.   I like the "..who knew? .. I did.. Oh yeah, YOU knew"
I really like that burger guy, he seems like a real cool dude.
Ahhh I live close to Dyer's, finally one place I live close to featured on a food show.
takes glasses that aid vision off for safety goggles to increase safety around a bladed machine. yeh makes sense XD
[Powers Hamburger]  Fort Wayne, Indiana
Who knew goku was a burger specialist.....
The Connecticut steamed Cheeseburger: STEAMED HAMS!
im literally a vegetarian idk why I watched this
Yeah buddy, he's eaten 12000 burgers...but he also excerises and eats healthy
These guys clearly have never been to Maxwell Street in Chicago
Carolina burgers!!!!  Chili, slaw, mustard!!!
Grease is a condiment LOL
These are like everything wrong to do with a burger.
Deep Fried is the Boss. Ground Chuck is the best I have found.
This now my favorite show on you tube
Steamed cheese burger, now that's next level.
That fired onion burger needs to get in my belly
Lived in TN for 8 years and never had or heard of a deep fried burger. The main local chain, Pal's, is a decent but normal burger. Lived in TX most of my life and the BBQ distinctions are unavoidable. Not sure where he gets these stories, but wow I want every one of these burgers.
from the uk, don't know how I stumbled on this? but I love it
I thought that was James May for a split second
We need a wolwerine uncle restaurant! Where you d be able to order any of those dam tasty burgers in one place!
5:30 "Some of the best primary source hamburgers can be found in Oklahoma....unaffected by time, trend...anything"

Me: Seems like most of the rest of Oklahoma is also unaffected by time, trend....anything.
Is that future Johnny Knoxville?
I moved to FL 4 years ago from CT. 

I miss my steamed hamburgers. :(
Now that's what I call a Cleveland steamer.
This guy looks like Johnny Knoxville
one look at that guy and you can just tell....
dude doesn't have a regular desk job
Those who are wondering dyers is in memphis. Best burger I’ve ever eaten in my life
Isn't this that dude from Inside Edition?
8:00 real steamed hams dude!!
It's never been called a Hamburg Steak anywhere in Germany, we still call it Frikadellen.
"Grease is a condiment"

That explains the obesity in the US xD
Dam that looks good but that man needs  salad fast before there’s no more show .
Awesome video! MOTZ ROCKS!!
I live in Tennessee and Dyers is amazing
Is that Johnny Knoxville's uncle?
"I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today."
I'm not as prrilific as that author but I'm definitely a Burger enthusiast and I travel a little and live in Chicago. My money is on Kumas Corner for best burgers. They consistently just have an amazingly tasty patty. They do great toppings but it's the meat man omg it's so good! I also worked at a high end steak house so I've eaten a lot of high quality red meat lol
why have i seen this video prob more than 30 times legit?
Its like wolverine gave up being an Xmen and just indulged himself in the knowledge of burgers
The lack of beef seasoning is triggering me...
Ah Connecticut’s got that old skinner family recipe
Ive heard before, steamed burgers are really good. A different flavor but good.  I also dont put a lot of condiments on burgers. I like to taste everything. Especially the beef!
And i here i was thinking "oh... another Gordon Ramsay perfect burger video"
I was wrong. This guy actually knows what a burger is :). Awesome :)
Can i have some grease with my hamburger plz. 3:35 NO THNKS
George Motz has a voice that I want to narrate my life.
pfft, i eat 12,000 burgers for breakfast every day
Dyers for damn sure! Memphis is food town for sure!
I really thought that was Johnny Knoxville for a moment.
man I love George Motz this guy is so great
Them recent emojis though 😂😂😂
Why do i feel that George Motz is the American version of James May ?
Shooooter Mcgavin.
"Grease is a condiment" R.I.P. arteries.
I thought my metabolism was high. I just realized this is all I do watch and don't eat.
STEAMED HAMS
he sounds and even looks like sean schemmel
Voice of Goku
9:32 anyone else catch him slipping 😂😂
LETS DO IT
ha that face
I need to know what that thing he's using to flatten the meat out with is! I've tried doing it with just a metal spatula, and I can't get it thinner than 1/2" no matter how hard I try, that way!
the burger expert is EXACTLY what i imagine a burger expert would look and sound like
As an Oklahoman. The onion burger love is real. My favorite spot outside bricktown shut down sadly because we’re poor. They hot cut cement spades down as spatulas haha
Please more of this! Very interesting video :)
Best burger imho is 1/2# burger flame grilled with smoked cheddar and smothered in fondue made from wheat ale & cheddar cheese then topped with bacon on griddle toasted brioche bun.its so good you do t want anything else on it you can add whatever but perfect the way it is
To JaxBlade: I thought this was Pornhub...
Came expecting regional hamburgers from all over the world, just got US burgers. :(
15000 burgers in 15 years? thats 3 burgers a day, oh yeah
The last one gave me a simpsons steamed hams flashback.
Just... wow. Thanks guys!
My god.

Connecticut has the true steamed ham.
Burger scholar...Now that's a calling ..
The German Gothic Knight did make foray into the Tartar land. Maybe they found some tenderized mutton under the saddle of a dead tartar soldier.
The William Dafoe of burgers... nice
I want to be like this man.
This series should come with a lipitor prescription
The burger scholar reminds me of jontron.
I did the math that is 2.19 burgers a day
I need burger now 😍
how you gonna cook a dyers burger and leave out mustard?
THE OKLAHOMA FRIED ONION BURGER IS A PERFECT BURGER.
OMG I'm so hungry now!
Burger looks good and I want to down that asap, AMAZING channel but please go on a diet we all love you and want you to be healthy
Is there a recipe to cure cancer after this?
NEVER smash down a burger!
I ran an onion through my mandoline on the thinnest possible setting (paper thin) and tried the  onion burger . . . it was fantastic.   I made them for the whole family.   This is a great video.  Learned something new today to add to my cooking repertoire.
Taking the steamed cheese concept but putting it in a wood smoked cooker would be amazing.  Wood smoke infused cheese on a TN thin fried burger.  Think I'm going to try that combination.
I've officially went down the "fat guys, who go on a journey to learn about fast food" rabbit hole
I would love to see the Wisconsin butter burger
George Motz was "Ron Swanson" when Nick Offerman was still in diapers.
0:53 anybody else thought that was his hair?
RANDY WOULD BE PROUR
Before this video, Willem Defoe could've been a fan of yours
Tom Arnold is looking pretty good these days🎥🎥
is that the guy from water boy
Damn, that guy could be a college professor for cheeseburgers. Such passion.
the moral of the story is we. need more state fairs.  the home of great inventions
Burger + Scholar = Burglar
Extra oil for your heart attack
Alvin looks like he's going to have a heart attack at any minute.
Did anyone else think that plant was his hair at 0:49, and he was the Phil Spector of burgers?
ok it all looks good but the steamed burger has got to go!
the dude looks sean schemmel
Dyer's on beale street in Memphis is something else. Even better than alot of the barbecue people get drawn to here!
The burger scholar looks like an older Johnny Knoxville.
Is the burger expert a tv host? If not he’d make an excellent one! Better than the actual host on this vid. Better than a lot of the hosts out there.
i'm chewing bread an Peanut butter here. ;_;
Independent posters; keep doing your thing here! If I'm in a hurry to get back to work, or whatever the situation; I'd almost rather do without lunch than have to go through the chain 'cookie cutter', generic-tasting burger menus. Further, their chicken and fish sandwich offerings are no better an alternative choice. I live in a medium-size city, and it's just sad that we have no better offerings than these.
thats truely interesting . thankyou for the delicious video !!! :-)
I enjoy the burger dude. Burger on, burger dude.
When Johnny Knoxville become a burger lord??
number 3 takes the longest and he takes like two bites..but yeah nr. 2 is amazing...i thing im going to make burgers tonight :)
I live in CT... steamed cheese burger tastes like crap
Spent a lot of time in Oklahoma and never heard of an onion burger before. Not sure it's worth the trip to go back and try one.
That guy in the beanie sure does love food. But looking at his physique, he's not gonna enjoy food for much longer if you know what I'm saying.
George Motz could easily host this show himself
Burger Scholar is my official career goal
Holy shit, steamed ham actually is a thing??? Thought it was just a joke on the Simpsons!
Definately going to make some burgers tomorrow night 🍔🥩🍟
"grease is a condiment"
i came when he put the steamed cheese on that last one
9:34 he was like ooops...oh shiit lol
dude looks like Johny Knoxville with sideburns
4:36 well what if I told you...
Louis's lunch in New Haven, CT is the mecca for burgers. It's one of the oldest burger joints in the US. They still serve their burgers on sliced bread. It's amazing.
Not about toppings? Well said.
The Taylor Ham burger is not the Jersey regional burger. We eat burgers All The Way. Cheese Mustard, onion, Texas chili. On a greasy flat top.
I did the deep fried one and man that was awesome
2:21 was a tuff 2 seconds to watch....
12000 burgers in 15 years would mean he would have to eat over 2 burgers a day every day.
Perhaps a rookie question but I don't see him add any salt while making the Tennessee version. Or is the beef salted?
10.51 “who knew?!” ..... “I did !” That made me lol properly.
The cheapest  buns he could find ☺
s t e a m e d 
c h e e s e
h a m
Matty: "Who knew?"

George: "I did"

lmao
So I watched this and gained 5 lbs.
I'm going to stop you right there. Salina, Kansas has one of the best burgers of all time at the Cozy Inn.
I think I'll stick with my Canadian burgers lol. Back bacon, sharp cheddar, sauteed onions and a kaizer.
3:42 i call that a heartattack
Have to do more episodes with this guy! Great show.
the guy sounds like mike novagratz
The burger man could voice act
Sooooo many experts...I feel blessed!
recipes????
This show is great. Learned new info about steamed hams
Before i saw this video: I'll go on a diet
After i saw this video: Hello there, so i'll have a big mac
This is one of the best videos on the web!
👀. I am so beefing it right now😀
That expression released from the chef when the cheese was ready @9:50,  love it
"right"
Can you give this guy his own show please?
Michigan has some badass burgers but if we ain't in the burger belt then wtf am I missing
The first two sound really good, but the patties are too thin. I hate thin patties. I needs me some actual meat in my burger. The third one looks good, but I'm not a fan of steamed burgers. Tried a couple before, just didn't dig it. The texture is all wrong, and while it's juicy for sure, it lacks flavour, hence why you have to add so much to the burger. Grill or Pan and that's it!
DYERS IS THE BEST. when they moved locations they had a security team to guard the grease to get to the new location. #DEDICATION
Why was I not informed I could be a hamburger scholar for a living when I was growing up!?
As a cook ... this is crap
The tatare history bit that he is talking about is NOT about burgers but about ''Tatarski biftek'' which is beef meat mixed with a lot of different spices raw.
I want to try the infinity Greece
This guy is the burger whisperer
There are lots of places in Memphis with better burgers than Dyer’s  like Huey’s
The ct state burger is Louis’ lunch
this dude looks like gokus voice actor
20k burgers in 15 years it is 4 burgers a day, basically you can reach all your calory requirements just from them.
Steamed Cheeseburger....

Sir. You mean to say Steamed Hams, I do believe.
Homie needs to put the burger down & eat a salad
Going to be doing that cheese oil dip from now on!!
putting a big slice of raw onion on a burger destroys any taste-test of the burger.
I don't know why I've watched this so much. He's just my kind of weirdo burger nerd I guess
100 years of using the same grease sounds like the most delicious way to get cancer ever, although i assume thats more of an urban legend since that would literally taste like motor oil.
Btw, 12k burgers in 15 years is about 4 and a half burgers a day.
Here I am, 4:27AM, feeling guilty cause I'm somehow hungry at night... lol
Scholar on burgers?  OK, not so much scholar on safe cooking method.

Yuk, first burger is exactly 180 degrees from any appetizing burger.

What'd they call the 3rd burger?  Botulistic-beef?  LMAO.  Meat is redder than the fkn tomato.
From UK and I love finding out about different types of burgers like this.  Excellent video.  In the UK (and I'm sure in the US) in the last 10-15 years there has been a lot of burger chains popping up focusing on "Gourmet" burgers, so probably most famously GBK (Gourmet Burger Kitchen) where they add all sorts of weird and fillings.

I was into it way back when, but now I'm back to the basics - smashed seasoned meat, cheese, ketchup, yellow mustard, pickles and onions (raw or fried - in many ways I like the crunch of the raw onion) in a bun (toasted on the inside preferable) nothing else required (apart from good fries perhaps :) )

Therefore, totally agree with the point he makes at ...

ps subscribed!
I can go for a burger or two right now.
STEAMED HAMS !!!
Motz doesn't really cook he bought all the tools as soon as he was asked for the interview
Hamburger Original from Germany :)
so steam berger exit and not in that simpson ep
I am from Oklahoma so I thank you for mentioning and making a Oklahoma fried onion burger.
pljeskavica da ti picka bre materina!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this dude sounds like an anime character
I did not realize the Fried Onion burger was an oklahoma regional thing.
Takes me right back to Sid's Diner.
Get this burger dude on more episodes!!
I went outand picked up some ground beef and onions specifically for this.  I got some boars head off white american to be a little traditional, but i also grabbed some 3 pepper colby jack; excited to throw a slice on a smashed onion burger in a little bit.  just thinly sliced up 3/4 of an onion, and diced the last quarter in case I want some extra texture/bite on top of anything.
Doesn't deep fry the onion too, unacceptable!
FISTULAH, TRY FOAMBURGERS! ! ! ! CREATET FOR SUCKLINGS AND TEETHLESS OLD FARTS WITH THE CONSISTENCE OF MARSHMALLOWS BUT SOFTER AND MORE FLUFFY. MCFOAMY FROMUNDACHEESESPEADBURGER IS THE BEST OF THE WORLD 🍔 🍔 🍔 🍔 🍔 🍔
Just discovered “The Burger Show” and love it. Thanks.
is this the guy voice acting solid snake?
this guy looks like one of our founding fathers. them sideburns tho!!!
Onion burger:  The other way is to diced some onions and press them into the meat with your hands and then flatten it out with your hands.. then grill it.   "Onions fried In".
Heyyy what oil is that I wanna try making one of those
I love how when he dives into a burger, he becomes one with it.
Steamed Hams.
When he dipped the cheese in oil i instantly gained 5 pounds
I am now beyond hungry!!
the burger guy is like a sane version of steve brule holy shit his voice and face are so similar
The Tennessee burger is like the Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich in that they don't need a sauce to taste amazing!
Oh Steamed Hams
occupation: burger scholar.
Defeating the devil by watching this during fasting.
Any of you 80s fans remember Hamburger The Motion Picture?
Come February, I'm done being vegetarian.
If it's not from Springfield it ain't a real steamed ham.
That onion burger I’ve had in Indiana at a place called Powers Hamburger, super good highly recommend
I don't like onions but I wanna try the second one
Inexcusable skipping Texas and California, the burger meccas of America.
Praise the Burger Lord
Really refreshing to see some actually good burgers after seeing so much hipster 'gourmet' rubbish with trendy presentation on an oak tree board.
That Oklahoma version looks the best.
no seasoning????? wtf
pretty sure they use marble so the meat wont stick, it wont corrode like metal or crack like glass. i also wonder if the marble they use dyers is cooled like at old school ice cream shops so the meat stays together better
I saw a Doku where they talked about the first Burger Restaurant in America, forgot the Name, but he has a Big "No Ketchup" Sign in the Restaurant and T Shirts with that SIgn. When they ask one of the Guys sitting there for Ketchupp , he says "Psst Silence...he hears you, he kicks you out"...
I've lived in Oklahoma for the last decade and never ventured out to these local burger joints, what am I doing with my life
This man is dying before our eyes.
they actually literally made steamed hams
Drinking game every time they say burger or burgers take a shot. R.I.P
How have I lived in CT for 12 years and I’m just hearing about this now?
Is it humane to feed my boy that deepfried burger, I mean... homie over there kinda...
10:32 dude got bars
7:44 Aurora Borealis?
Im taking notes, 1 and 2 are awesome, though 1 is so drenched in fat, that cant be good to eat many times.
Florida got the best burgers. Beef and Fish mixed together, fried  and baked, served with onions, pickles, provolone, and lime juice. Delicious.
0:49 WTF is up with dude's hair... oh, it's a plant
I said it once, ill say it again.. LETSDOETH 02:21
I thought that guy was Jason Nash lmao
The best burger I've ever eaten is in Larose, Louisiana at Harry's po-boy
Best video on burgers I've ever seen.
Why does the music from every First We Feast production sounds like it came from a generic hiphop sample pack?
12,000 burgers, if you bought the burgers at $5/each, it be around $60k. Or if u made the burgers, you might of saved $40k.
Please do another one of these with other regional burgers.
Who not liking this ...WTF?  who doesn’t like burgers 🍔🇺🇸
"Grease is a condiment" Pretty sure that's patented by Wendy's.
Great video!  I would love to sit down and have a burger with George.  I'm actually recreating a Dyer's Burger in a few days.
I think you could die while eating the first one
2.19 burgers a day for 15 years lol
Is that biggie cheese?
'steamed hams'
I can't tell if this guy was serious about putting on safety goggles to use a meat slicer...
At 0:50 Bob Ross' hair appears.
adding a bun to a burger, such a simple idea, yet so brilliant; the best ideas always seem so simple after-the-fact
Anyone else think it was Gordon Ramsay in the thumbnail?
2:47 Infinity Grease. Yes, I practise the same method with my bedding, and it's awesome.
An average of 2.2 burgers a day for 15 years...
watching this makes my chest hurt
First we Feast, you got a winner with this show.
America's favorite food is not American 😂
If he's really eaten 12,000 burgers over 15 years, that's an average of 2.19 burgers per day, for 5475 days straight. I like burgers, but I don't think I could do that.
Excuse me while I go get my arteries dredged out before I eat that first grease on grease fried in grease burger.
Someone get Superintendant Chalmers on the phone.
What an episode! Just waiting how you are gonna top this ! Amazeballs
SECRET MR KRABS
11:37 looks like the guy in the blue shirts has got some wild hair
That is not how the hamburger was invented
Tennessean here.....first time ever even hearing about Dyer's and the deep fried burger....One more fact that proves to me that western Tn and Eastern TN are completely different worlds lol (I'm in Chattanooga). this is not the first time I've found something in TN that I had never heard of, even after living here off and on for 26 years
infinity grease DAMN sounds like something out of rick and morty
When he took out the CT steamed burgers all I could think of was the Steamed Hams bit from the Simpsons.
This man clearly loves his food!
I thought David hasslehoff was in the thumbnail
I told u guys elvis was alive
This is a great review! But I gotta ask, when will you review steamed hams?
the cheese is ouzing!
Onion burger!
Gordon Ramsay Has left the chat.
Someone needs to upload this to pornhub. That steamed cheese 😻😻😻
Really loving this show.
Also, MMM Steamed Hams
2:21 Let's do it.
I grew up in CT and never heard about this steamed burger...
Now i know why i like Burgers so much im part German now it makes sense
oh man that oklahoma onion ring burger was
Omg you actually made one of Oklahoma's favorite burger




(I'm from Oklahoma
fried for days
The burger belt thing makes sense... considering Florida is the wang.
Don’t lie that :50 didn’t make you think homeboys hair was wildin
0:47 Oh yeah!!!! Santa Maria Style!!! It's where I live. Hitching Post in Casmailia (just outside of town) servers up some excellent SM Style!!!
>Burger scholar
>Buns untoasted

Man might be a scholar, but he lacks taste.
This man sounds like the guy from Skyrim in whiterun from the merchant shop
please open a merch shop in Europe. Thanks
1 megabyte 
1 gigabyte
1 terabyte 
1 niggabyte
If it ain't broke. Don't fix it.
I remember watching George's show on Travel Channel!
That asian guy is 1 burger away from a heart attack and they feeding him more lmfao
damn son, dont people care about their health>?
You can buy that steamer online
If that Oklahoma burger had pickles and mustard it would be the perfect burger. That's all ya need: onions, pickles, mustard and cheese.
you look like your 30 and mention u been doing this all your career and super fat but never ate a caramelized onion. amateur
I’m 3 seconds in and I have heartburn
Grandpa never did....
I love me a steamed burger. So flavorful and non-greasy.
Santa maria has the best bbq style
He looks so interested🤣
I love that man's mutton chops/
There’s no way he’s eaten 12,000 burgers in the past 15 years lmao
I've watched this video like 3 or 4 times and still like it
“People today think you need to add more stuff to the burger” 
Hell no. Meat, cheese, and maybe a little onion for flavor. Is all you really need to make a delicious burger. As long as the burger is juicy and not dry, you don’t need that other stuff
Just bought the book and new spatula
A good hamburger begins with a patty at least twice as thick as the ones you make.
This big dude is next participant on the h&h channel for a gastric bypass.
How does that amount of Vermont cheddar not completely overpower everything?
this is so glorious 🙏
Where can I get a burger scholarship?
heart attack on a bun
Holy Beautiful
I want this job. Pay me to go try really good burgers every day. This should be my life.
Great video! What kind of oil was the first cooked in?
Grease is a condiment
I love this Motz guy
I live in Oklahoma, and i gotta say the burgers here are AMAZING.
Hols shit dude I love your burger videos
Steamed Hams!
Anyone said "steamed hams" yet?
looks like a mad scientist
I'm seem to eat a burger after watching these videos. 2/2 so far.
From Texas to Chicago, in the old days, were ranching trails where Cowboys would drive cattle from Texas, where they were raised, to Chicago to be processed. This is probably why the burger belt is there in that same exact area. This is also why the belt, and especially Chicago, is known for its meats and sausages and stuff like that.
Oklahoma burger is like if White Castle made real burgers lol
Chykyen Borgar
Mmmm steamed Hams
Im lucky enough to live in OKC! and yes we have the best onion burgers on the planet!!!
I live in Oklahoma and I’ve never seen a onion burger here but maybe in different parts
2:22 your welcome
i'd be willing to bet that first one wasn't good at all
Good thing I'm going to Surf Shack tomorrow to get some fat juicy burgers because man do I want a fat juicy burger now haha XD
and love Alvin Cailan!
new hairstyle 0:50
Dudes so high in this
WTF its is 5475 days in 15 years and he has eaten 12k emmm...
Love this collab with Wolverine Burnie Burns
4:27
I'm in the UK, does anyone know what the "grease" they use for the Tennesse burger is called in the UK?
I really wanna take that second onion burger and deep fry it like the first one.  

Hell, I wanna fry up the first one right alongside it.  However, I am gonna have to put some raw onions on it; I just love the bite, texture, and flavor of raw onions.

As for the 3rd one.... To each their own but it just isn't for me.  I'm not the biggest melted cheese fan, especially when there's that much relative to the beef.  I'll probably be good with only a single slice on the first two burgers.

Will have to try them plain too.  Maybe raw onions on the onion burger too.  Who knows?  Lol
Great video! Can't wait to try these out!
Rip Android 17⚡️
These guys need Gordon Ramsey’s burger
The burger Guru!
🍔🍔🍔
the first one is too thin! the meat should be bigger or more thick. or you have to put like three or four of those ultra thin ones. it's almost as thin as the cheese!. that's not good.

I would combine the steam one with the onion one.
With deep fried love from Tennessee
Infinity grease
Steamed hams joined the chat
First recipe: "yeah, just use tons of fat, that is totally the hy art of cooking stuff".
Wouldn't have been surprised if they had continued by also adding tons of sugar.

Second one sounds respectable, though.

Third one is far too much cheese, so again, too much fat.

Now for my recipe: 
Shape the raw patty into a donut, fry it for quite a while (takes some times given the thickness) and at the right moment, put an egg yolk into the hole (usually I put the whole egg into it, with the white spreading in the pan and I simply put it on top of the burger afterwards). Also, use a lye bun. Usually, I combine that with a tiny amount of mustard, a slice of an onion fried as a whole, some pickles, a slice of cheese that I fry for some seconds and some drops of Worcester sauce.
0:50 who else thought he had an afro
Alvin had to know the history of hamburgers... real question is how painful was it to act like he didn't?
“Grease is a condiment” is one of the most American things I’ve ever heard in my life.
Why does this guy force his voice to sound more manly, this is so superficial and dumb
I want one of them steam machines !
Hmmm... does George Motz have a job at First We Feast? I think he'd make a perfect fit.
Alvin Cailan died from a heart attack yesterday
he remind me of Jack Black
4:24 greasy pile of junk
are u filipino?
This host is dope but bro he's not gonna last long eating like this.
OMG I just want to do a burger tour of America. Where can I find a map with all these Unique burger locations? I need to DO THIS!
No salt and pepper?
4:35 Hamburger compliment cringe.
Love that Oklahoma rep.
That guy reminds me of Sean Schemmel
ROFL - "the history of the original American Hamburger" - the clue is in the name, it's from Hamburg, Germany. It's not American, just like pizza isn't.
First time watching something on this channel other than Hot Ones
Most of these sound great but I've had one of those Vermont steamed cheddar burgers and I hated it. I want to try the onion burger.
He looks like Johnny Knoxville.
the last Thing the "host" Needs is another burger.
I can't be the only one thinking these looked awful. Why does he insist in flattening the patty paper thin every time it loses all the juices wth.
I'm going to make one of those Oklahoma burgers today!
good old "Vitamin G"
For your health
When I moved to Oklahoma 5 years ago, my first burger experience was Ron's in Tulsa. Coming from the East Coast, it was just weird. Now, those things are my go-to burger, especially when you add a helping of carmelized thick-sliced onion on top of the onion cooked into the patty. Add an over medium egg and you have heaven on a plate.
The first burger will give you guaranteed hart attack
Yo I can’t be the only one who thought that the burger expert had a giant Afro at first
10:27 
who knew.  i did .
I dont think people realize how insane 12000 burgers in 15 years is. Thats over 2 burgers a day!
7:53 Steamed hams are real.
Wait... a steamed cheeseburger... you mean.... STEAMED HAMS?!
You have to try a New Mexico green Chile cheese burger.  Nothing like it!
I thought George was Gordon Ramsey in the thumbnail
when europe food sucks and start to watch what u missing out
Although the word "tartare" seems to suggest relation with the Tatar people, there is no evidence that steak tartare originated from or is inspired by Tatar cuisine.

The current name is a shortening of the French original "à la tartare", literally meaning "served with tartar sauce",
Dude looks like Sean Schemmel's brother
My only problem is that Alvin says that every burger is like the best thing ever. Be more honest bro. Apart from that, I'm liking this series!
So steamed hams really do exist
Wow...... a burger... crazy
It turns out "steamed hams" isn't actually a New York expression
I made an imitation of the thin onion burger on here it was actually really good I just cut it as thin as I could
The one few highpoints of living in Oklahoma.
This is ssssoooo satisfying tbh
deep fried hamburger happening very soon.
the first burger is a OILurger
So Skinner was actually making steamed hams. Neat
Steamed hams confirmed
Kung fu panda
I wonder who's actually eaten more burgers?
Big boy says it's blowing his mind when burger guy dips the patty with the cheese back in the grease....the only thing that's going to blow is his heart
last 15. years 12.000 burgers.. huh? 12.000 : (365x15) = 2.1 hamburgers a day. literally every day. I believe him...
I need to know what kind of spatula that is. NEED TO KNOW. It looks sturdy yet capable of putting a good edge on  it to scrap. I need to have it. "Shut up and take my money!" -Fry
steamed hams?
Nowadays with all the preservatives they put into food today, it's a thrill to know that a maraschino cherry will live longer than i do . 
For today's game  . . i cook rabbits for all my boyz  and when they all heard the dogs bark, they'd all ran under the porch.
God bless America!
I used to have facial hair like that. I still do, but I used to, too.
Love a good burger scholar
Thought of only like the "pub" thick burger the thin fried one and like in the middle but all fried and maybe in the oven. This gun really knows different methods and stuff tf?
Some steamed hams
Yes you definitely broke da vinci's code on creating a new type diabetes.
I grew up in middletown and damn I miss steamed burgers
this show kills me,
yeah im from Oklahoma and the onion burger is a thing if you go to the right places, I like this one place called "tuckers" that capitalizes on the onion burger it is delicous
Disclaimer:  NO ONE STEAMS BURGERS IN CT OTHER THAN 1 OR 2 PLACES!  MOST PEOPLE THINK THEY ARE TRASH HERE.
This guy is the Steve Brule of burgers.
Sooo, I don't need to go to Connecticut. Got it.
oh no
Just added to the imaginary bucket list
You need to make more with George!!!
12,000 burgers in 15 years is about 2.2 burgers A DAY.
hes hair look amazing in 0:52
My gawd..all that oil on those patties😯😯😯😯
Really liked this one.
0:48 he would be way cooler if that was his hair
4:58 "We should deep fry everything" Sorry but Scotland did that first! lol jk
Yeah, research...
What somebody needs to do is deep fry the Oklahoma
man..i love burgers so much i wish i could eat one everyday but where i'm from they're so god damn expensive
I love this show, keep it up!!!:)!
BS you haven't eaten 12000 burgers in 15 years. Do the maths
Yeaaaaa
"it's not about the toppings".....of course it is, otherwise its just meat on a bun.  veggies are the healthy part and gives it character.  they didnt use to use them because they didnt have access to so many kinds.
Great vid.
Love the respect for Tennessee! I'm from Maryville... Maryville High 74-0
7:38 steamed hams!
The deep fried one looks too greasy for me...
big ups to george motz. very well spoken.
my future diabetes are calling me
I've seen this 10 times already. Stop recommending this to me youtube
interessting to see the regional differences - yet its pretty silly to call yourself 'burger scholar' like.. is that even a job?
i dont need In n Out anymore
this video is pure pornography, there's no other way to describe it
10:03 Well, Seymour, you are an odd fellow, but I must say you steam a good ham
7:37 mmmmmm steamed hams!!
George Motz looks like a chubby Sean Schemmel. It's oddly comforting to see the voice actor's doppelgänger love food as much as Goku.
F U youtube... why show me this on January 1st? WHY????
He owns a DELI CARVER? Wow.
He ate hamburgers for 15 years my man's ova here look like he ate hamburgers since he was born
“grease is a condiment”
no salt?
You're getting me into trouble here. The Oklahoma burger is my winner to try.
Steamed Hams
(Doorbell rings)

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Well, Seymour, I made it. Despite your directions.

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Ahhh, Superintendent Chalmers! Welcome! I hope you're prepared for an unforgettable luncheon.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Nyahhh

(Principal Skinner exits into the kitchen)

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
GASP! Egads! My roast is ruined! But what if... I were to purchase fast food and disguise it as my own cooking? Oh ho ho ho ho ho! Delightfully devilish, Seymour.

(Principal Skinner takes off his apron and opens the window. He puts his leg over the window, attempting to step outside. Before he can leave, Superintendent Chalmers enters the kitchen)

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Hmmm

[THEME SONG]
Skinner, with his crazy explanations,
The Superintendent's gonna need his medication.
When he hears Skinner's lame exaggerations,
There'll be trouble in town - tonight.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
SEYMOURRRRRRRR!!!

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Superintendent, I was just, uh, just stretching my calves on the windowsill. Isometric exercise! Care to join me?

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Why is there smoke coming out of your oven, Seymour?

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Ughhh, ooh, that isn't smoke, it's steam. Steam from the steamed clams we're having. Mmmm, steamed clams...

(Superintendent Chalmers exits the kitchen)

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Phew

(Principal Skinner leaves the kitchen from the windowsill and runs across the road into Krusty Burger purchase hamburgers)

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Superintendent, I hope you're ready for mouth-watering hamburgers!

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
I thought we were having steamed clams.

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
No, no, I said steamed hams. That's what I call hamburgers.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
You call hamburgers steamed hams?

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Yeees. It's a regional dialect.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Uh-huh. What region?

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Uhhh-pstate New York?

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Really? Well, I'm from Utica and I've never heard anyone use the phrase steamed hams.

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Oh, not in Utica, no, it's an Albany expression.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
I see.
You know, these hamburgers are quite similar to the ones they have at Krusty Burger.

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Oh ho ho ho nooo T. Patented Skinner Burgers. Old family recipe.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
For steamed hams?

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Yes

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Yes. You call them steamed hams, despite the fact that they are obviously grilled.

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Y-- You know th-- One thing I sh-- 'Scuse me for one second...

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Of course.

(Principal Skinner leaves the table and opens the kitchen door walking inside. As the door swings open, it is clear that the kitchen is on fire. He walks back out and yawns)

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Well, that was wonderful. Good time was had by all. I'm pooped.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Yes, I should be g---

(Superintendent Chalmers notices the fire through the swinging kitchen door)

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
GOOD LORD! What is happening in there?

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Aurora Borealis...

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
A---Aurora Borealis? At this time of year? At this time of day? In this part of the country? Localized entirely within your kitchen?

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
Yes.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
May I see it?

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
No.

(Principal Skinner leads Superintendent Chalmers outside)

[SKINNER'S MOTHER]
Seymour! The house is on fire!

[PRINCIPAL SKINNER]
No, mother, it's just the Northern Lights.

[SUPERINTENDENT CHALMERS]
Well, Seymour. You are an odd fellow, but I must say - you steam a good ham.

(Superintendent Chalmers starts to walk away. Principal Skinner stands in front of his burning house)

[SKINNER'S MOTHER]
Heeeeelp! HEEEEEEEELP!!!
my favorite food, burgers!
bruh what cheese is mans using plsss tell me
A steamed burger with steamed cheese?  Who'd've thunk it?
Looks and kind of sounds like Sean schimel
Burger dude looks like he could be Sean Schemmel's brother. Let's get a scream outta him.
Something the Chinese will definitely not copy
Somehow, his head to toe black outfit isn't slimming.
Dude, I love burgers too, but c'mon man, you gotta start eating some greens and taking care of yourself or you are gonna experience a widow maker heart attack... ask Kevin Smith about that one.
<Paleo games are here!!
Thought that dude had a crazy fro-perm at 1:10
That dude's voice (burger scholar guy) is awesome. Should be doing voice over or radio.
goggles for onions, I love it. I have to do the same
Louis' Lunch in CT...Library of Congress recorded that Louis Lassen had served the first American hamburger.
Hot cheese whizz
Hamburger Steak? nope it's called Bulette in Germany . It was called Hamburger Steak after german immigrants brought it tae the U.S.
TEDS STEAMED BURGERS HAS NOTHING ON K LA MAYS STEAMED BURGERS. TEDS IS GARBAGED COMPARED TO IT
Bootleg Pizza Show
all the burgers are so good that i would eat all of them right now
Connecticut getting known for something... is somewhat proud of my state
The hamburger history is false. It was inspired from Asia as in the sub continent, they have been eating a version of it for centuries.
mmm Dyer's.  When we'd go downtown Memphis for Wednesday bike night it was a stop we had to make.  I stopped eating their burgers after the 3rd or 4th week, but they were so good.
who else thought that gordon ramsay was in the thumbnail?
Coming from Oklahoma that onion burger is the best thing I’ve ever eaten
This dude is the burger version of Brian from Ninja Sex Party
man, I sure could go for a steamed ham right about now
This food will up your fat chested heart...

Your Face is that of a human pugpiggy...
george motz is sean schemmels long lost brother
I'd rather have a show with Motz hosting.
Peanut butter on burgers aren’t a thing In Missouri that’s just a myth
I like the interviewer.
Meat, cheese, extra grease...what could be better!
2:22 Let's do it
The fat guy makes me feel thin.
i'm hungry now
"regional burgers" features a burger that only exists in Connecticut

Get real, this is blasphemy.
I actually felt a spash of hot grease when they put the cheese on 4:14 .
I'm so hungry
Going to die of heart attack , well worth it
We need to get some hot girls eating greasy burgers for a change. I'd watch that.
I'll gladly pay you tomorrow for a burger today
Who needs drugs when  you can die as quick .... eating deep fried burgers... "Grease is a condiment" hahah..
First we feast is the absolute king of the shows here in Ethiopia
mind BLOWN
This is definitely the best episode of this web series. Need more like this and less California bullshit.
6:12 I literly thougt that was a strawberry ice cream WTF
BRB, gotta move to Tennessee real quick.
Here's a fun game take a bong hit or a shot everytime they say burger
This is food porn if you watch hard enough.
Greetings from Mongolia
I got a heart attack just watching this video
Neckbeard level: Hurley
I'm from Oklahoma hell ya
In the dyers technique, you were supposed to use the top bun to drip the excess grease of the burger back into the pot.
What the hell is wrong with Willem Dafoe?!
Place in new haven Ct claims to have invented the burger and herd it sucks and I live in Ct
so this dude have to ate 2 everyday for 15 years to reach 12000 burgers, how’s he not mad?
If you're in the CT area, another classic cheeseburger is the Bernice Original from Shady Glen in Manchester, CT. I highly recommend it.
He sounds like Sean schemmel
This is so sexy to me 3:37 and again 4:07
sean schemmel doing burgers, nice
steamed hams
the best burgers i had were in belgium and france, american burgers are pure grease
whar do you do with the left over greese and you want to save it for next burger ?
American people have a real problem with food ^^'
you should skip the 1-2 minute videos which have no content anyway and make more of these
steamed. hams. that is all.
dude they actually steamed hams
On a diet and watching this, I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE!!!!
I'm so friggin starving right now 🍔
Onion burger is about as American as it gets. Poor people making the most of it.
Oklahoma-Oklahoma-Oklahoma!
I've been to Dyer's many times and my family is friends with the owners. If you're ever in the area I highly suggest because the mfs know how to make damn burger.
its literally is a grease sandwich
Mr. Mutton Chops and Count Cholesterol
My favorite team is the OKC Thunder. I just found out another reason to go to Oklahoma in the future. xD
Dood... the deep fry is such a genius touch...
infinity grease.
100% DV
Buns r weak
2:22
No salt?
What kind of oil they use for the first one
Notice how there isnt a wyoming burger
Ever heard of Hamburg NY?
Dude has a array of industrial kitchen supplies in his house! Wtf! 😂
So steamed hams ARE a real thing...
His hair at 0:50
I Can Feel My Arteries Hardening Just Watching This
When everyone takes Burgers this serious, the world but be a better place.
I NEED IT NOW
Hey
kinda gross man. deepfrying  naked cheese
2:22 "Let's do egh"
so hungry now.....
if i ever get a disease where I have months to live I am going to eat all of these burgers and die 600 pounds in pure bliss
10:00 steam ham
How he still alive omg
I'm making burgers for dinner tomorrow
Bruh moment
THAT'S A OIL PARTY !!
Saw this and made the oklahoma onion burger (ish) the next day for my family. Mayo, mustard and heinz, little bit of iceberg and a grill tomato slice. God damn that was a good burger. As stated, this need to break out of Oklahoma
Steamed hams
Sean schemeal cooks burgers now
I don't see how the "mongols" fit into the picture ... I thinks thats balooni. lol it makes an somewhat interesting story but is pretty sure total bs.
Love to see Tennessee get a shout out for something other than BBQ or racism.
does anyone know what kind of cheese they use?
4:25 hands greasier that the burgen
A history of bad burgers,
Dude just go to White Castle or something stupid.
why haven't you discussed the blends of meat?
Where are my Oklahoma people. At?!?!?!
Its a hamburger... Your not invading Normandy here.
classic everyone else, forgetting Oklahoma is actually pretty cool
8:52 so that’s how they make steamed hams
I need to eat a salad after watching this
There’s a bird nest
Looooool
johnny knoxvilles uncle?
Oklahoma has the best burgers. PERIOD.
STEAMED MOTHERFUCKING HAMS
Just shave
My grandfather used to tell same folklore about hamburger when I was young
😂😂😂 I think grease is a condiment to. This is why I don't think I can ever lose weight lol
lal we should deep frye everything America you already do i mean Deep fryed butter some places gees wtf
steamed hams!
Really? I mean cool Hamburgers are great but this whole regional styles thing is bullshit. Nothing like France Spain or Italy which have true food history and heritage! Smh
I want to be a Hamburger Historian
Its gonna be Oklahoma Fried Onion Beef burger tonight at my Kitchen.
nothing beats the jersey burger
I'm so damn hungry now
burger scholar?!? :))) that guy have a like university degree in burgers styles? so funny...:)) scholar like aristotel or something
0:50 had to do a double take at what I thought was his hair
0:50 thought it was his hair
4:58 And end up fat like u
No thanks buddy
Nice 'burns.  Damn.
I'd be interested to see the historic  life expectancy for each state those burgers come from. Poorer people used to cook in pure saturated fat but would also die of coronary heart disease in their 40/50's.
That is Miles Teller!
🍽
干净利落记录拖拖拉拉
Great segment!
Watch out when cooking the steam cheeseburger from Connecticut, it can cause Aurora Borealis.
OMG!!! This just made my mouth water and I am so, so hungry for a burger now. The steam burger/cheese looked so good but if one cannot find or buy that steam machine, well so much for that one but the other two I am for sure going to try and make those today.
steamed hams?
Jeeze, talk about oil ...
so has anyone combined burger 1 and burger 2?
Alvin needs a diet
My top secret ingredient on my burgers is peanut butter...try it :D
I shouldn't have seen this video...
My son Sean Schemmel out here cheffing it up
He reminded me of WildCat
i had to shake my head and turn away, when they started frying that other patty man the lord gave these people an idea foreal
you guys picked the perfect host . . . he makes all the burgers look so good when he bites into them
That steam burger uses an insane amount of cheese!  It's the size of an irish butter stick.
7:34 Steamed hams?
Dude needs to eat 3 burgers a day  to meet 12k in the past 15 years
Mouthwatering
that beard be GREEEEEEEEEEEEEAAASSSSSSYYYYYYY
I'm from Knoxville, Tennessee I've never had a deep fried burger.
If this guy knows so much about hamburgers than why does he not know that a hamburger patty is called so because your supposed to patt it into the shape not squash it?...
Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah!!!
Hope the host realizes just how bad eating like this is bad for your health.
you cant even breathe
johnny knoxville?
Ahhhhhhh good olll liberty steaks :D
I watch this when I’m hungry instead of just fixing me something.
This was uploaded too early
I always thought it came from the romans.
I want a burger now
The beginning of the video is where you realize that the only thing u.s have invent is good weapons and war machines to kill people(which in fact invented in Europe,they just made them better). Everything else that really matters in life, from science, health, food, culture etc etc etc came from Europe. Even the burger isn't a us invention. Russians and Germans made it....oh wait they put the bread....
Double cheese Texas mustard burger with white onion and pickled jalapenos.
"Burger Scholar." This dude's winning at life.
no no no, I said "steamed hams"  mmmm "steamed hams"
HAHAH this fatass is literally feigning when hes putting that burger in!
America...
Someone needs to call the police on that 7 mile area in Connecticut
No wonder it’s called die-ers
Oklahoma burger looked like my sort of burger.
I swear they edited out the segment where George talked about where he got the burger steamer. Did the creator get bothered by thousands of YouTube commenters? This is why we can't have nice things!
I'm from Oklahoma and have never seen anything like that burger. It looks good though. Grilled onion is where it's at. Not that raw crap.
Why the hell am I watching this just right before sleep time?
but did he wash them hands
I wish I was a burger scholar
#2 wins
one man cheeseburger apocalypse
Gouda cheese, raw red onions and bacon is all i need on my burger.
None of these 3 burgers look nice... Just a bunch of unseasoned beef with cheap plastic american 'cheese' on a cheap plain bun.

And a whole boat load of grease... Real hamburgers get seasoned and flavored before they get formed into patties
Hey in Mexico we add fresh avocado or guacamole fried ham fried jalapeño well caramelized onions fresh tomatoes and pickles a nice buttery bun mustard or dijon mustard and a juicy seasoned ground sirloin meat oh and lettuce is optional.
This video gave me Priapism.
Careful with your terminology! There's no Santa-Maria-style barbecue. What goes by that name is not barbecue but grilled meat. If that counts as barbecue, then so does a hot dog roasted over a campfire.
wow I love hamburger!
Perfect 4 AM content. 







I need help
What makes a good burger, besides using quality beef and cooking it to medium rare and not a split second longer, it the crust that forms on the meat from pan frying, deep frying, cooking on a flat top griddle, or grilling. You cannot get that flavorful, wonderfully textured crust from steaming. All the meat will get is waterlogged. So no, steaming does not make a great burger. And yes, I've tried them. I live in that area.
poison
Who else watched that doc on cheeseburgers America? I saw the steamed burger and the 100yr old grease burger on that first. Can't wait to try them one day!
That dude can steam a good ham!
steamed hams
Pretty sure Michigan has onion ribbon burgers or whatever they are.
I WANT ALL 3 BURGERS IN TEXAS !!!
You forgot the juicy lucy
what a god
kansas has some good burgers man idk why y'all be skipping out the BBQ capital of america man. sometimes i think this show is funded by communists.
he ate 800 burgers per year about 2 and a half per day for the past 15 years
Tucker's Onion Burgers in Oklahoma City
infinitty grease...
Hulk sideline 😏
Why does sabretooth cook his patties?
Heaven
Dammmmmmmmn right we know how to cook a greeeeeat burger Oklahoma for everrrrr
I've got a local joint, here in Houston, that's run by Koreans.  I don't know what their method is, but it's the most delicious burger I've ever eaten.  It tastes nothing like the usual pepper, garlic, onion we usually use around here.
Too many onions
somebody out there eating his boogars while watching this
This guy looks and sounds like a old Sean Schemmel what the hell
the onions vapours go up your nose, not into your eyes you silly boy.
His enthusiasm is inspiring
Steamed hams lol
Sputnik, Vodka, Blonds, Burgers, Tsar Bomba ..... WE ALL HAIL RUSSIA !!!
I want the deep fired one.
Try a new Mexico green chili cheese burger. It will change your life.
“Mmm steamed hams”
nasty
What kind of cheese does he use?!
I feel like you guys need a new host for the show.
delishes
Wow he didn’t toast the buns
same
this is how i will die
Ppl don't really know where the first burger came from but the one that was recorded in the library of Congress is Louis lunch box in New Haven, CT.
0:49 so no one's gonna talk about how it looks like his hair had magically grown
http://www.burgrtendr.com
Steamed hams
Just drink the grease.
it is like chum lee wearing an Asian mans skin as a suit.
Welcome to Connecticut
Lmao the burger belt of America is also the same belt of states that got Trump elected.
Oklahoma has that fire taste on their 🍔 from cooking out of cast iron skillet (also onions). Is Cast iron still the best in 2018?
Connecticut makes steamed steamed hams?
They don't make steamed burgers in Albany?
This guy is a good advert for eating burgers... NOT!!
CT: a gray cardboard tomato on a boiled patty? (I know he called it steamed, but i saw him pull it out of the steamer, and it was sitting in water.) No wonder its region has only a 7 mile radius. VT cheddar sounds great, but I am not sold. He says toppings are not the deal. Sure. He lives in Brooklyn, and his produce has to truck up from Florida after being picked two weeks before it's ripe.
i would eat all of those burgers. yummmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
Mm steamed hams
Merica'
Oklahoma!!!!!!!!
Refried beans and bacon with jalapeños colby jack, optional fried egg.   Can't go wrong with bacon mushroom swiss either
I like burgers so much, I wish they were healthy
The weird guy was great
every one of those regional joints sound DISGUSTING
i'm so hungry right now
Steam burger doesn't sound good
I feel hungry
Oh YES. YUMMY YUMMY. Could you say what type of sliced cheese you used on the first one. And which cheese slice is the best  please.
Steamed hams.....
Glad that you Americans like our German invention of the Burger! Greetings from Hamburg, Germany.
This is slightly making me excited for American burgers. I know it's nothing special but when you like food and all, but I never had these kind of burgers over in Australia and seems to me that burgers here are overly pretentious. Love the guest. He's awesome.
he  didn't  TOAST   THE  BUN!!!!!!!!!!
The Oklahoma pressed onion burger looks and sounds really appealing. But you'll need to sell medical insurance if you're gonna dip the cheese too!
Every food is delicious and can be healthy. I can eat any type of burger no matter how I cook it as long as "I cooked it". And at the same time, I ate it with moderation.
Take a shot every time black bandana says “right” you’ll be in the hospital by the 3 min mark.
CT pride right there
how did the mongols thing have anything to do with burgers? lmao
Steamed hams
Oklahoma homeboys where you at
Those breads looks so american and disgusting xD
The host really shouldn't be eating any more burgers...
Steamed Hams are REAL
Murica
Throw a lid on top, 9 dollars please.
Nothing gets the ladies going like saying you're a professional Burger Scholar
TOAST THE DAMN BUNS!!!!
15*365=5475*2.2=12045 THIS GUY HAD TO EAT 2.2 BURGERS A DAY FOR 15 YEARS TF
This guy is claiming to eat 2-3 burgers per day over 15 years! Unbelievable!
STEAMED HAMS
Loved it❤️
The saddle meat tenderizing is false, it's a myth...
Won’t just steaming the patty not have any mallard reaction?
Anyone else salivating rn
steamed hams
I'm on the 48th hour of a three day fast and I'm watching this....going crazy...
This made me proud to be an american.
So there are steamed hams
Anyone else think dudes hair looks huge at 0:50 ??
So here I am, sitting here, watching video of burgers, but can't eat them because of my stomach ulcer... :(
Eww dude it’s drenched in grease I like fried foods but wtf
Ted's is in Meriden Connecticut not Middletown
(32.8%Tennessee Adult Obesity Rate)THINK DEEP FRIED BURGERS MAY HAVE SOMETHING TO DO WITH THAT?  Can't really blame them...that Burger LOOKS GREAT! :-)  
Tennessee has the 15th highest adult obesity rate in the nation, and the 20th highest obesity rate for youth ages 10 to 17. Tennessee's adult obesity rate is currently 32.8%, up from 20.9% in 2000 and from 11.1% in 1990.
Tomorrow is finally a break from my diet. I am already falling in love with burgers before making one tomorrow.
Great video
For everyone that doesn't know, this guy is the voice of Goku.

You're welcome.
All those Brugers are great but pls stop serving them in those "bullshittishly" sweet wheat buns and get some german stylel Sesame-Broetchen
Is it just me or did anyone else click on this video cause you thought the guy on right kind of looked like Gordon Ramsay in the thumbnail? 😂😂
They made steamed hams..........
I rewatch this episode almost nightly. I'm so mesmerized by all the different regional types. Please make more episodes with George
No Juicy Lucy? As a Minnesotan, I'm offended.
An ancient Roman recipe reads: Minced beef is mixed with pine nuts and a splash of sweet white wine, flaten it and grill, serve it in a bun. The origin of the burger goes far back in history, I can not deny that the americans have taken the formula to heart. Making it one of the few dishes the world consider "American"
You call hamburgers steamed hams...?
now get out of my recommended
That first one is what you should feed those on death row as their final meal. No need for the lethal injection
That's the most american thing I ever saw. This coming from a french
This dude sounds like Sherrod Brown
not a fan of the host
The lack of inclusion of the Southwestern/New Mexican green chile cheeseburger is a disservice to all of your viewers
so he eats like 2 burgers a day at least
Cool vid , dudes got the hook up .
The marble is used in ice cream; keeps colder longer than other surfaces, prevents the fat in the meat from starting to melt.
im drooling
An eighth of an inch... just metric already, Amamrica!
didnt even talk about the patty melt
That deep fried burger looks disgusting.
This dude looks and sounds like Sean Schemmel. Like, to an absurd degree. I'm having trouble believing that George Motz is not an alias. Either that or Goku has a long-lost twin........this comment probably makes no sense without context. * ahem * (pushes glasses up on nose) Goku from Dragon Ball Z is voiced in English by a man named Sean Schemmel. This guy looks like that guy..........a lot.
Seriously? Eating good food is great but big homie doesn't look healthy. I wonder if they cover his medical bills or just make money from him eating?
im not a scientist but you cant use beef fat for 100 years, no you cant
Looks like Sean Schemmels burger loving cousin.
Anyone else watching this for like the 12th time?
This is like watching a documentary about obesity...
I would die if i tried to average 2.19 burgers per day over a 15 year period.
Guy just woofs down his third burger like it’s his job...oh wait
I live in Connecticut and I've tried the steamed cheeseburger. The most disgusting thing I ever ate. It even looks nasty. It's basically grey when it comes out of the steam box.
This guy shouldn't be eating burgers right now...
I grew up on Long Island NY and we hardly put anything on the burger.  I was working at McDonald's in the mid 80's and a truck driver who would deliver our inventory told me only the NY metropolitan area is the only place where McDonald's hamburgers do not have mustard on them.  When you would go into a restaurant on LI and get a burger most of the time it was just a burger with cheese and lettuce and tomatoes on top with no sauce.  To this day I say I want a medium rare cheese burger with only lettuce.  The person would say no sauce and I would say if it's made right it should not need sauce meaning  medium rare burger will be juicy enough.
I swear that guy looked at him in the beginning in the video and was about to say something... I would've lost my shit at "How many hamburgers have you eaten big guy?" But in all seriousness, it's a a good show, good job and good luck.
im so stoked to veganize this with the beyond meat burgers :D
FUCKEN STEAMED HAMS
looks like Sean Schemmel in 15 years time
I gained fat watching this
I enjoy the show but the host isn't doing too great imo.  He needs to work on describing the food better.
Another non-american invention that is often proclaimed as "american".
2:56 I thought that was ice cream for a sec
Yea I agree there is no need to add fancy stuff to your burger, all you need is a special steamer which only exists within a radius of 7 miles that you can only get if somebody at the store tells you the secret location where you can get one, industrial grade slicer & googles, multiple spatchelas of various sturdiness, an ice-cream scoop to scoop your meat, 100 year old grease, a block of marble & skillet
The first burger looks nasty. All that grease in the bun. Gross!
that last one looked nasty af
I saw this video like half a year ago for the first time....Since then i eat only burgers...HELP?
Sean Schemmel cooking burgers now???
This guy trying the burgers though.......
Connecticut is a bunch of heathens...
521 vegans thumbs down
I'm from Connecticut and we have the best burgers
cool. now just feed fatass 100 more and he will be half full.....
Ummmm Alvin, maybe you should stop eating artery clogging foods.   Now I don't want you to take this the wrong way.   There was a time, I was almost exactly like you.   At my 5'6" stature, I was a bit over 300lbs.   After a couple of heart attacks, I decided to eat better and lose weight.   I had my grandkids to think about.   Dude, I am now right at 190 and I have learned that healthy cooking, in no way means flavorless food.   In fact, most of my friends and family, can't believe the flavors and juicy meats they get from me, while still making the food very nutritious.   If you are wanting to be around to enjoy your grandchildren, I sincerely suggest you make some changes right now.   I honestly mean this in the best of ways.
Did that morbidly obese man just judge willem dafoe for looks?
This asian donny will be dead this time next year
why does this dude remind me of Brian from Scam School
He does not need to eat another burger
With this kind of food their grandpa use to work like a horse not sitting on their asses and trolling just to prove their Liam pointless arguments 👎 unless you work hard physically go for it🤷‍♂️
I'm so glad there's so many vegans in the world now days ...!! More meat for the rest of us ....!!!!!!!😝😝
Why is everything that tastes really good so very bad for you???!! Not fair!!!
The steamed cheeseburger looks disgusting.
Mississippi has a place called Stamps good damn burgers, but they weight about a pound and a half a piece and are served with a full plate of fries, youd have to be a big ol boy to eat one of those damn things in one setting, they have great bread though. I think they did start finally selling what they called ladies sized burgers which are slightly less than 16 ounces lol.
why is eggplant in his most used emojis?
I really can’t stand this host. His narration is super stilted and he’s just not very charismatic, at all. I don’t understand how he got this gig. I’m not saying everyone has to be Sean Evans but the fact is that’s the standard First We Feast has set for themselves.
12,000 burgers in 15years is more than 2 burgers a day, jesus
Im on a 36 hr water fast. And im watching this before my weigh in at 05 smdh
There has been a trend towards pretentiousness with some places and burgers. It’s obnoxious.
That big dude is only a couple burgers away from a heart attack!
wowe,  actual steamed hams
Sorry but that dude looks like a ball sack, just saying.
YUM ! That steamed burger could be the porno of burgers, wow.
Am I the only one who saw that the meat has no salt or pepper? (I'm not sure about the salt, but still)
why the hell would u steam a burger?
Them Germans are something else
@5:45 can someone tell this guy that the tears and eye irritation that come from cutting onions is a result of touching and not that they somehow emanate and create fumes that hit your eyes or whatever rationale he has for putting on safety goggles
In Britain, no one calls them Hamburgers anymore. I'm over 50 and can remember as a kid everyone said hamburger but now, it's just burger or beef burger.
Only the salt? But where is the Peppah?!
12000 burgers in 15 years? I don't think so. In 15 years there are 5478.75 days (365.25 days per year) it comes out to more than 2 burgers per day.
    I suppose it's possible, but I really can't see eating that many burgers every day for 15 years and being in the shape he is.
UPDATE:
      I'd like to clearly something here. It is quite common to grossly overestimate numbers like the number of burgers you ate over 15 years.
     15 years is a long time, but it isn't quite as long as you might think. Each year contains 365 and 1/4 (365.25) days, so 15 years would be is only 5478 and 3/4 days. 
    I don't think he intended to make a deliberate deception. His number of 12000 is just a product of thinking 15 years is longer than it really is.
     Asking the question "How many (whatever) have you done in the last 15 years?" is bound to get an accurate answer. 
    Think about your job. How many hours would you guess you've worked over the last 16 years?
      Is the number higher than 100000? If so, you have just made the same mistake this guy made. The correct answer, assuming you work full time, should be between 33394 and 66788? The former represents 40 hours a week while the second represents 80 hours a week. That is  week for 16 years.
     If you have worked more than 66788 hours in 16 years I have a question for you: Why do you bother? In 16 years you have worked 16 hours a day, 5 days a week with no vacations for 16 years. Assuming you sleep 8 hours a day, you are spending your entire life at work. Have you even noticed that your spouse has left you for someone else 14 years ago?
I have a steamer and kitchen inserts I'm stealing both of last two
This dude looks like Sean Schemmel.
I'm an okee, born and raised, Pittsburgh county.. And that onion burger, done right is indeed beyond burger awesome. Seriously for real, no joke, you just can't go and order from a place that's just want to profit from the success of the Oklahoma onion burger. But cooked the way of the hand me down recipe, ( that guy who perfected it through trial and error)that the chains of burger joints will not do,.. in Oklahoma is just not in the heart of cattle country it is the heart of cattle country you don't have to go to Food Lion, Walmart, to get your ground beef it's the opposite and that's what makes all the difference in the world, but rest of y'all y'all don't know this..the one thing that's usually not discussed.. where does the beef come from?????? A simple 16 oz beef patty farm-raised from Oklahoma versus anything else in the world makes all the difference in the world, that's what I mean,by, y'all have no idea. Unless you are country folk.. Oklahoma onion burger is a oh my God experience of burgers .......
Deep fried? Is weird, too oily!
I live in Watonga Oklahoma the onion burger is disgusting they serve it here at my job
Well that's a lie Hamburg is the bun not the meat...
Am I the only one bothered by the fact that he put goggles on touching his hair and then touched the onions with his hand without washing it? Maybe I'm being extra.. Otherwise the burgers look soo good. That deep friend burger my gawd..
Since when is cheese yellow or orange?
Its a gateway drug
I'm loving this burger series, but I just cant get on board with this host....
Sure we Germans did some messed up things in the past but this was one of the good things =D
bar burgers mmmmmhmhmhmhmhmh
Jucy Lucy
so time to not like burgers.. damn germans
This dude grosses me out because he should be on a diet and not filling his face with burger on burger on burgers.
12 thousand burgers in 15 years = you're not living another 15 years
The steamed one looks really interesting... Can't imagine it really tastes better than your typical burger though.
Green pepper burger on Wonder Bread when your friends are eating a McDonald's burger
Surprised he is still alive
I'm vegan and I wouldn't eat this (just to let you guys know) !
Peta has this saying 'if it comes from an animal, don't fry it'. I say fry everything, let diabetes spread.
I just wanted to let ya'll know when he scraped the cheese out of the pan onto the burger....I came
Ok no offense but that place he talks about that has the same oil in the pan for 100 years makes me want to throw up lmao
These guys need to try an Aussie Burger! A thick patty, fried egg, onions, pineapple, beetroot, lettuce and tomato.
I noticed that steamed ham was very pink inside. What do you guys think about "rare burgers"? Personally I don't think a burger can be served any way except well done. Everything I was taught about food hygiene says that ground beef is full of bacteria and has to be thoroughly cooked. Steaks can be as rare as you like because only the surface of the meat has ever been exposed to external bacteria. I'd like to know what the burger aficionados out there think about this.
this dudes the actual host of the show #motz
Only in America can a guy make a living doing research on just hamburgers. I picked the wrong career.
We here at Tennessee don’t always deep fry burgers but it is our favorite way
His voice can't be real. So annoying.
The fat eggslut owner chef guy is one of the most boring and uncharacteristic  people i have ever seen jesus christ. You would think that someone like that would have something interesting to say throughout this video. Nope, he's Just moaning "right" every 6 seconds
It’s delicious - the fatass
The steamed burger doesn't look too great to me. I haven't tasted it obviously, but that is the one I'm least interested in trying. That's also too much cheese, seems like it'd ruin the beef taste.
Minnesota has the best burgers , onion steam cooked - or the original juicy Lucy . Why ya think all the women here so thick (and fat) besides the 8 months of arctic weather conditions causing use of multi layer clothing . where 10 min of exposure can kill you !
you are my  my hero's.
Burgers look gorgeous but that fat guy is so boring, you need someone who’s a bit more enthusiastic & knows actually what he’s talking about loool
"im used to my wonton opening up and showing me grey meat...we're good" hahahah
It's good to be American
3:47 this is why America has an obesity problem... "grease is a condiment"
The first burger so much oil 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢 you americans are crazy. Disgusting!
Disgusting
Hamburgler IRL
Apparent burger expert... Doesn't toast bun
so he ate more than two burgers a day on average? doubt that...
It should be illegal to use that many onions.... ugh 😑.
OMG ! you don't know how to make a burger ! , let me tell you how , a few mistakes i did see like not folding in the corners of the cheese so it doesn't melt over the edge of the meat dripping everywhere , secondly who puts a sold clump of onion on a burger ? , separate the onion slices into smaller pieces and don't over do it with dressings or it'll be way to sloppy and too thick to put in your mouth , you're Welcome !
That steam burger had me sweating !
Amazing.
Australian burger is best
You should try a green chile cheeseburger from new mexico.  Only from new mexico tho if the chile come from anywhere else it's not true green chile.
First burger looks greasy AF. Not nice at all. How come a scholar uses such normal boring buns on all of them?
Taking off your glasses to wear safety glasses is the dumbest thing I have ever seen.
THIS VIDEO IS SO UNDERRATED!!! We are here talking about american culture and the video editing is very sharp... but god dammit this video has only 52.088 likes what the hell is wrong with you youtube?
man that guy needs to seriously lose that weight. he has a huge chance of becoming diabetic or dieing from a heart attack...
Potato America!
So the white guy has tried out 12.000 burger recipes and the fat guy has eaten them all?
im hungry rn
No jucy lucy?
im watching this while eating leftover food from the nearest chinese diner
Did they not season the first or third burgers?
This is tasty and delicious and disgusting (ammount of fat ) at the same time
12,000 seems small for 15 years
Way too much oil on that first one. Dipping cheese in like.. like gee.
googles Santa Maria barbecue
im hungry :/
Why are they making that guy eat those hamburgers? I'm worried for him.
Dam those are some good looking Burger's. Ya I'll take 5 of each, thank u very much. Lmaoo
"INFINITY GREASE"
S T E A M E D.  H A M S
Thought it was Jeremy Clarkson with a snorkel on the thumbnail
i feel like we are ignoring the influence of the serbian/croatian Pljeskavica
No one makes burger more delicious than mine.

I swear to god if I have enough money and start a chain burger restaurant, I will show America how burger should taste like.
The steamed burger got me 😯 i want one
best compilation of burgers i have ever seen..amazing episode , you can tell by Cailan's astute attention he is blown away! as we all are
butterburgers from wisconsin are the best
One of the best jobs to have
I'm still full from dinner, and this is mouthwatering...
I couldn't think of a tastier way to bring on  a heart attack :)
That guy has eaten 12,000 burgers ? do you know how many resources are needed to produce that much beef? JESUS MURPHY
Amazing!
Strange.....I'm a german, but I have never heard of the term Hamburg Steak or Hamburger Steak as it would be correctly called in germany. To me that seems like an american term, especially given that the first mention of it, is in an american cookbook. 

However we have two similar things, something called a Hacksteak with is the combination of Hackfleisch (hacked meat) which is the german term for Mince Meat (can also contain whole pepper corns), and a thing called Frikadelle, Frikko, Bullette, Fleischkloß etc. pp. which is something like your patty or a small ball made from mince-meat, with varying other ingredients. 
(For example the Berlinian Bullete might contain a bit of a day's old bun (and are not served in one*) as well as seasoning and onions, the south german ones are among the most complex as they can contain  onions, and any kind of herbs and spices you can imagine, while the Hamburg one can be like your Hamburger Patty. 

*One Berlinian Mayer famously put it, "I never eat a Bullette in a Schribbe (Bun) because I expect the Bun to be in it already!" ;) 

However there was something called the "Rundstück Warm" (Rundstück=round piece, is a type of wheat bun eaten in and around hamburg)  which is a piece of roast in a bun with some roast sauce/Gravy on top of that. 
As for the origin, this is disputed, some claim that it was the Publican Heinrich Heckelwhich created this on the spot when a group of customers wanted some warm food after the kitchen had closed, the other is that he invented this when his cook was sick and yet another claims that  it was a food sold to the harbour workers, on mondays after the the rich households had their sunday roast. 
So they sold the roast leftovers in a bun, which created the Rundstücke Warm. 

Also no toasted buns? 

And keep the broth from the steamed burger, that would make a great soup or sauce base. 

The Deep fried one is a bit too high on the fats for me.
4:55 we should deep fry everything the antithesis of healthy diets ....... lol  and nothing against comfort food
Onions are disgusting.
3:50 and you Americans think vegimite is descusting
Awesome cancer foods!
Another thing we've learned in Oklahoma is lean beef sucks. 73/27 is perfect cause you need that fat to caramelize the onions. And if you can't read a newspaper through the onions they are too thick.
Is it just me or do George Motz  bare a striking resemblance to Sean Schemmel of Dragon Ball Z?
Avengers 4 
Infinity grease
Onion Burger plz
this is what i call some steamed hams
That's some serious Burger!
Burger Shot!!!
was literlly all the same burger stop trying to make burger smt special they are not just regular burger meat onion cheese thats it really good job doing that in sooo much different ways and they all taste the same
Im from Utica and I've never heard of steamed cheeseburger...
Vitamin  G
NO!!! DONT PUT SALT ON THE MEAT BEFORE YOU FORM THE PATTY :(
Good god damn, y’all were spot on with that Oklahoma burger. Funny about the Connecticut burger when you think about The Simpsons and how it makes the scene more feasible. Lol
Brioche bun? Automatic DQ.
Time to finally watch this after it sitting in my recommended videos for months.
7:35 Steamed Hams
this looks so healthy
at 0:49 I thought he had an afro OMG LOL
Huh, have the same blue shirt as the burger expert.
Never thought I could be so entertained by watching a fat man eat hamburgers.
That steamed burger looks so gross
Putting raw onions on a Burger is a travesty, don’t @ me
"we should just deep fry everything!"
Scotland: "way ahead of you, fam"
Burger Lord. It's like an act of love between two powerful and beautiful words. Music for my ears.
I´ve watched this like 8 time already. so good
"Anyone can put toppings on a burger"....*proceeds to put topping on all of em
"Grease is a condiment". The language of my people.
Be careful while watching this. Lol..
This dudes job is freakin awesome
The history is a bit lacking and inacurate, but whatever. Moving on.
2 much oil
"Grease is a condiment" Damn
sounds like sean schemmel and looks similar but isn't him
vegan porn
I had hamburg as a kid
I wanna eat 12,000 burgers right now :(
The fat guy looks like he's about to die any moment now
Du är överkonsumt med din nationalitet, okej? Den enda Guds gåva till rätt Bar B Q är hur det görs i Sverige. Några av dig dumma och tråkiga människor i USA, som du liknar cretins. Kretiner du är, hela din röra! Vänligen ta denna kväll bad i det heliga vattnet, välsignat av "Herren" själv!
wow that looks ... disgusting.
Geez this fellas gonna die from a heart attack eating all these burgers
God damn that was a big block of cheddar.. did that dude own that cheese? Or was it like a rental? What’s the idea behind having so much cheese?
Meat and cheese ingots...
The burger pro looks like an old Johnny Knoxville
I really wanted to try the first 2 burgers. I tried the second one first. Now I just keep making that one over and over and over again
This video is prob my fav vid on the YT rn
this guy looks like the dude who does the english voice for goku in dbz xD
Guy sounds like Will Arnett.
The "Oklahoma" was very common here in Michigan.  I don't think you can realllllllllyyyyy say where exactly the style was started.  But if you can prove it with facts.   Btw this style is my favorite.
Definitely making the Oklahoma
Infinity Grease 😂
Awsome hamburgers are made In Germany ,just the bread is from America...Iam PROUD to be a German man ;)
LETS DOL ILT!
Aurora Borealis
what type of oil dude you use for the deep fried burger??
how do you make the first burger, I cant find a recipe! please someone help me
Mmmmm steamed hams!
This is food porn! I’m obsessed with Burgers!
lose some weight ffsakes
Lmao @ the intro. If he ate 12000 burgers in 15 years that means he would need to eat roughly 33 burgers EVERY DAY. If he ate a burger every day for 15 years (and somehow lived through that), he would have ate around 5.5k burgers. Quit your bullshit.
he needs to lose some weight
The thin burger is an abomination. A burger patty needs to be at least a half-inch thick.
Da yum  i wish i had burger history instead of this stupid american history
"Ugly-beautiful. Like the Willem Dafoe of burgers." 
First of all how dare you.
This guy's giving me the "Johnny Knoxville of Burgers" vibe.
The DaVinci's code line got me!
That onion burger sounds godly
that first burger has wayyyyyyyyy too much oil (fat)
AYEEE CONNECTICUT REPRESENT
I can't be the only one who thinks that this guy resembles Sean Schemmel (voice actor of Goku) haha
wrong history, the bulgars were doing this too, but it wasnt mutton it was all kinds including horse meat. and it wasnt just the riding that tenderized it, it was also the horses sweat.
Never watch this stoned with no food! Help me
2:22
steam hams
Is this sponge bobs teacher??
steamed burgers have very little taste
4-cent bread and crappy american cheese, all rigorously deep fried. What's so special about the Tennessee sandwich?
nothing ruins a burger quite like american cheese.  id rather have a straight hamburger.
Anyone else's mind get blown when he dipped the cheese in the oil ?
I have a steam and make pork sausage patties woth edam cheese. Fried egg on a toasted brioche bun & bacon. I call  it the steamed ham grandslam.
These look terrible
cancer
What kind of grease was that?
I respect staying true to the past, but I love adding things like crispy onions, savory chipotle mayos, different cheeses like swiss, and even something like butter roasted mushrooms to a burger.
Skinner was right! STEAMED HAMS ACTUALLY EXIST!
This man didn't salt any of these damn burgers.
rest in peace to that mans arteries...
That dude looks like an older more gruff Sean Schemmel.
Chill with the oh my God
Thats a power burger we got those in indiana fort wayne
that guy dosnt need more burgers
that's interesting I thought whitecastle got the credit for making the first hamburgers when he angrily smashed a meatball into a patty. apparently not.
I N F I N I T Y  G R E A S E
Right
It's a sin in Connecticut to put ketchup on the steamed burgers!!! Kaiser rolls??? White toast only!!!
Americans are gay lol
lul fat guys making burger show, suprise suprise
nice show but that dude should seriously do some sports or .....well something! looks like a future heart disease victim.
Disgusting
the grease in that thing.....Disgusting
This dude might die early, but he will die happy.
My great aunts Ruth and Viola always deep fried their burgers. Beef chuck, salt, pepper, and white bread as a binder were the sole ingredients. They would then fry the burgers in a few centimeters (~1 inch) of vegetable oil. A dark brown crispy crust would form on the exterior adding to the flavor of the meat. I’ve lived and travelled all over the US and I’ve never found a burger even close to being as flavorful as those of my aunts.
I feel like this “burger expert” has no idea what he’s doing...
I read this as : A Burglar Scholar Breaks Down Classic Regional Burglar Styles...   someone make that video please
Never have I seen the fried onion burger and I’ve lived in Oklahoma all my life
Went straight from the fryer to bun... man I don't know how to feel lol
"Grease is a condiment"  new words to live by
Damn this video is like the perfect way to show that tradition has its place in the cooking world as well as modern innovations.
I'm putting that on a shirt, "Grease is a condiment."
The Oklahoma burger looks the best
"You don't need that stuff." .... but you do need bacon....
Living east of Germany we used to eat raw form of burger called tatar.
I realy like oclahomas burger
Oh an by the way, the first burger? G R E A S Y
burgers are awesome . just without the ketchup, mustard or tomato.
9:32 gordon ramsay would have a fit watching this guy boil a burger
STEAMED HAMS
You mean to tell me after all these years, steamed hams are a real thing?
Yuck.....burgers....I'll stick to my smoothies...
That guy looks like he could have a heart attack any second.
STEAMED HAMS!
Wolverine?
9:33 Steamed hams.
1st secound in...
IS THAT A JOJO REFERENCE?!
My heart skipped a beat. Whether it means I'm in love or it's a warning is unclear.
*COZY INN HAMBURGERS*
      •SALINA, KANSAS•
          Since 1922
Ok Youtube I clicked on it. Are you satisfied?
i subbed after "infinity grease"
looks like Johnny Knoxville and Charlie sheen had a baby and he became a burger expert 🤣
Willem Dafoe of burgers! Holy crap you're funny AF
i wonder how many accidental clicks this video gets because in the thumbnail, the burger expert on the right looks exactly like Jeremy Clarkson
Isaac Asimov is alive and back with a vengeance!
The best lil hamburger in America is

*COZY INN HAMBURGERS*
       •SALINA, KANSAS•
Jason nash?🤔
It blows my mind that people can eat raw onion and think it  tastes good.
The host needs an food intervention. @2:08 I thought burger guy had a huge afro
TN represent man
Motz is a cool dude
This guy is a burger pimp
George Motz looks like Sean Schemmel if he had gray hair.
steamed hams
literally the only reason I would consider coming to the US, dam I am hungry
02:21 I almost died... LETSDOETH !!
He's not going to have a very long journey if he keeps that weight up. Just saying.
My mouth is watering looking at that steamed cheeseburger, and my whole body is pumping trying to figure out how I'd make it up north in Canada...
This made me tear up its that spectacular.
Well Skinner I made it, despite your directions
I want to use that steamed cheese as lube
6:12
a little bit of salt
This guy knows his hamburgers...Jesus.
the south sure knows how to eat themselves in to an early grave. lol
nasty and completely raw
who tf else thought it was gordon ramsey on the thumbnail.
As an oklahoma native that has been in the military and lived all over the country, Sid's in El Reno is still the best goddamn burger place I've ever been. That one, Tucker's on 23rd St. in OKC, and Nic's in OKC on Penn... the three best burger joints in the country, without a shred of doubt.
Oklahoma burger looks heat!!!!!
12,000 burgers in 15 years, so on average 2 burgers per day.
That's a lie.
i love you, fat wolverine!
Don't people get sick of burgers? Come on! I like a good Chinese food meal, no deep fried stuff! Stir fry! Better for ya!
Really. Really TN. How can we make a burger even more unhealthy. Let's put cheese on it and deep fry it. Gross. I'd totally eat the other two, though.
deep fried cheese looks disgusting so wet and shiny with grease
fatty liberals.
What type of oil were they fry in that hamburger in?
lettss douuuweehtt!
love the geneus of making the deep fried burger
BOSS . IVE GOT A SELUTION TO MAKE OUR NOT SO HEALTHY BURGERS MORE UNHEALTHY!
LETS DEEPFRY THE BURGER AND THE CHEASE!
Brrooooo that first burger 🤮🤮🤮
Grease is a Condiment 
🤔
"Wow infinity grease"
Why am I hungry all of a sudden?
I'd like to try that Connecticut Steamed burger.
Host says "like" too much
Wow , Thanks gentlemen
Is this Steve Brule lol
I have to say, when it comes to hamburgers, America is absolutely superior. It's like and artform, really.
looks fit but very greasy heart attack lol still eat it tho love me burgers
gordon ramsey has entered the chat
How can u have Vermont cheddar I thought to be cheddar it has to be from cheddar
anything special you did with the meat and what cut is the meat? ground chuck by chance??
I always like to add a bunch of things to the burger meat itself. Fresh spices like thyme, basil, rosemary and minced garlic, onions, bell peppers, pretty much whatever else I might want. It's how my mom taught me to make burgers. Is that regional too?  I haven't really heard of anyone else doing that.
That face at 2:22 though....
And this is why Americans are the fattest nation on earth!
"omg" when answering his "I've eaten 12,000 burgers" thing. As if FatBoy here ain't eaten more than that this spring!. 
Seriously though, this dude is so overweight, like morbidly, it's not even funny anymore, the poor guys looks and is sick, he looks very unhealthy, 
I know he loves food, but it's not just that, he's addicted, he's got a very real and a VERY serious addiction, and it's killing him, and will kill him very soon if he doesn't get help. 
Being fat alot of the time isn't just people being greedy, especially in this guys case, when you've tried everything, when you hate yourself, when you cry yourself to sleep because you can't stop
eating, that's not greed, that's an illness.
Americans have a tongue who is satisfied with the most simple condiments and they are gonna say it taste amazing.

That meat needed alooot of flavour, at least papriikaa (even ifpaprika is not spicy)
COME ON FIRST WE FEAST I DONT WANNA LOOK AT THIS FAT BIG GUY HE CAN BARELY MUTTER ANY WORDS OUT THAT BIG FAT FACE HOLY FACK MAN GET OUT OF HERE
I’m from Connecticut I live right down the street from teds OMFG WHEN I SAY THIER BURGERS ARE 🔥
I love this... Thank you for sharing
All  3 looks so good.  I'm gonna do that soon.    That history is good to know.
i grew up near an onion burger place, even around the we would cook them. i never knew they were special.
He looks like the American James May.
I had no idea. I thought the only thing differentiating burgers aside from the quality and thickness of the meat was the topping.
Bruh that deep fried burger 🤤
I’ve spent my whole life in Oklahoma and have never seen anyone make a burger that way.
He Is the burger god .
Looks like Art.
Sucks
STEAMED HAM
0:53 crazy hamburguer dude hair spotted
Steamed hams
For context for any non-American viewers, "Burger-lord" is the equivalent of Prime Minister over here.
He ate approx. 2.1917808219178082191780821917808 burgers a day for 15 years.
I don't understand why he's using that weird contraption to make simple steamed hams. Literally all you need is a normal pot, and some ramacans.
This is like giving a heroin addict a show about shooting dope.
For me, what's great and what's really American about burgers is that you have yours how you like it. I think it's bs to say "oh, you can't add relish" or "it's not a REAL ___ burger if you don't use raw onion". What is this, France? I'll eat my burgers how I like, and you should too. Who gives a crap if your granpappy Jenkins used to put potato peel in his back in the depression cuz that's all they could afford? I for one would never put tomato on a burger cuz it makes it soggy, or raw onion. But if you like those things, you're just as right to like them. Let burgers be burgers and quit your beef-based gatekeeping
Teds is steamed u either like or u don't it's kinda like meatloaf i rather a grilled burger that's American burger to me
Why I had to lol when he said infinity grease, I just don't know
My cholesterol level just shot up watching this.  🍔
you have not toasted these buns
10:15 too red
Burgers are my all time favorite food
Repping CT!!!!
i have to meet this guy
Damn it, its midnight and now I want a burger
It would be awesome to take these 3 burguers and open franchises in south america. I'm in Perú and hamburguers are a thing, but bringing these awesome original recipes would be so redituable here.
Steamed hams?
So Skinners steamed hams actually exist
Steamed hams
Disgusting pig.  Gross Americana
that disgusting plastic cheese.....why?
americans talking about how to make hamburgers while africa kids are thinking of food
- That's how we've been doing it for a 100 years why change?!
- Ooookay. I'll just take this here invention I call "the wheel" and go somewhere else. Anyway - careful with the horse manure now ...
how can americans eat that fake disgusting processed cheese
Here is my recipe:
Ingredients: 
Thick (1/4lb) burger. x2 (1 patty per burger)
Potato Bun (any bun will do but IMO soft is best for this one)
1/2 stick salted butter.
Onion Sliced into petals.
3 Serrano peppers cut in half.
Dukes or Helmans Mayo
Tony Chachere's Seasoning
American Cheese.

Put butter and onion/Serrano into cast iron on Medium.
Wait a minute or two and add your burgers. 
Remove the peppers and onions once the peppers are soft and start to develop dark brown roasted spots.
Remove onions once caramelized.
Cook burgers until they start to swell with juice. Pierce each of them (but do NOT press!)
Flip, add the peppers and onions on top, then add cheese on top of that to bind it together.
Take out of pan once the cheese melts and allow to rest.
Toast buns, Add mayo and a decent amount of season salt.
Assemble, and enjoy. If done properly the meat should be well rendered on the outside with a nice semi-char look from the butter but a lite brown or even extremely slight pink inside.
This dude might want to layoff the burgers
Big boy's narrative, yo.... Food science and analogies. 😂 The Passion Is Real.
He looks like James May from Top Gear a bit :D
I agree, Oklahoma burger all the way.
Wow, I really want to try that Steamed (Ham)burger
"its really not about toppings, anybody can put toppings and put them on a burger" "its about method, its about how the burger is made." thank you! someone said it!
I honestly think I make one of the best burgers in my city.
Maybe just maybe he'll like 'em all... in the world
This video gave me blood clots 😂
Damn, I am so happy I ended my vegan diet last week, LMFAO  :)
and when his not dead his still eating Burgers !  ^^
would you eat from something touching the food thats also an implement for wiping his arse and washed with a bit of soap and water at best (if your lucky)
Steamed hams all the way
fat motherfucker
They could've at least gone for a presenter that doesn't look like a hobo burglar.. sorry but it kinda spoils the whole mood when it comes to food/appetite. At least dress more presentably or tidy up a bit man..
pure torture...
What about the Juicy Lucy!?!? C'mon man it is a very good maybe the best burger there is.
how does Alvin is even alive?
pure oil....i wanna puke
this dude isnt really a good host for a food show, he's just there to say funny things. He doesn't have anything to say about the food
To have a regional burger style is to have failed as a nation. I wonder if America has a regional Teriyaki salmon dish...
I thought steamed hams were a New York thing, not connecticut.
