Tweet the Lasagna:https://ctt.ec/ksc6m
Facebook the Lasagna: https://hrefshare.com/3fdfa
Eat the Lasagna:  ???
"Says 'Mix' instead of 'WangJangle'
wait thats illegal
I haven't watched him in a while and I forgot how just absolutely devastatingly passive aggressive he is
Lasagna is also known as spaghetti flavored cake.
Huh, you forgot to call it by it’s scientific name: Garfield Fuel
Wangjangle is an acronym.

Learn something new everyday.
Last time I was this early I was an emergency C Section and stayed on life support for 3 weeks
Also known as MMmmmmmmᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐ ʸᵒᵘ ˢᵘᶜᵏ ᵃᵗ ᶜᵒᵒᵏᶦⁿᵍ ʸᵉᵃʰ ʸᵒᵘ ᵗᵒᵗᵃˡʸ ˢᵘᶜᵏ
I’m italian and I love you and hate you at the same time. I’m confused.
"Damn I have good tasting socks." - YSAC 2019
You are the Binging with Babish of sarcastic college students
Holy shit you have 1.6 mil subs?? I came around 67k, didn’t realize you got so big! Much deserved btw(:
Please, where can I purchase those hefty sock straps? Sadly, my socks were blown off and I want to avoid this every happening again.
do merch, i dont know what or how but you’ll find a way, you always do
Hi!, your video is amazing
this is great.
Keep Sharing
This was my first time watching this channel and I was kinda worried it was gonna be like How To Basics when I saw that whole onion thrown in the pan. Whew! That was a close one.

Totally subbed btw
Questions we still dont know 
Where is Katie? 
What happened to that dog?
Lol, at first, I thought he was about to say lisanna from fairy tail
Omg I know where you live

I feel so creepy, I’ve seen that same counter and type of stove
instructions unclear, lasagna blew my socks off
FINALLY! I always forget to jostle the mixture to-and-fro when combining white on white ingredients. Thanks for this tip
I just realized that this is just a channel of a guy playing with his food.
used to be vegetarian recipes. go back to that please
Literally who else forgot they were subscribed
I have never made lasagna, so after watching this I went out and bought the stuff and I'm going to start this in about 20 mins. First time I've ever tried one of his recipes. Wish me luck!
Where's the musical ending with animals and forests? :(








👌 <---- gotcha
4:43 Legit one of the saddest things I've ever seen on one of these videos even with Pimblokto
I cant say Lasagna correctly anymore. I can only say LASANGA. 
Or when I'm feeling extra crispy memey I say Lasenguia.
I’m proud that I have finally found a non Italian person make a GOOD lasagna. Personally, I would make the tomato basil sauce by hand but u do u mate
this whole video was a weird flex about how you are short but thicc
Ricotta doesn’t belong in lasagna you can’t change my mind
HELLO FRESH YOU BANDITS GIVE ME BACK MY OUTRO SONG
You could have just placed the noodles vertically instead of horizontally ...
I like many of the songs in your videos. All the way from your songs where you sing at the end of most videos to the calm background music. You should really release them on YouTube! Great videos, keep up the great work :)
I love how the power stone worked best for cutting the noodles!
I’ll have B1
points at 2
Your sock straps couldn't even handle it bro.
I love you mr cooking funny man.
Acrostic poetry is TRUE art, second ONLY to the art of WANGJANGLNG
Gordon Ramsay gonna give you a medal for this
ive been watching you since epi 2 nice wanganggle
I think you'll sound 23 forever
"Whisk the mixture vigorously"

He's gonna spell wangja... yeah, he's spelling wangjangle
Was that a giant nose hair by the toothpick?! @3:50 🤣🤣🤣
The way he didn’t alternate the polar direction of the pasta noodles in the pan upsets meeee
The stone cut better than any of the others
Garfield’s watching~
Bro I suck at life wym 😂 😂
Love that those white on white mixing steps form the acronym WANGJANGLE. So much attention to detail in these videos.
“peace be with you


... a-and you should have some too!!!”
where are the dog vids at the end
If you dont get the put straps on your socks part he is saying that it will knock your socks off 😉
>stack the lasagna 

What the hell why have I never thought of this. It practically solves (my personal) world hunger.
Did you and Babish make a secret agreement to post at the same time?
This the first time I've seen your vids

I immediately got the impression of a passive HowToBasic
I do recommend the sock straps the flavor knocked me outta my socks 
Good recipe btw I love ur channel
Somethings gotta be wrong with me. Watching cooking videos while taking a dump.
" also know as mMmHhHmMHM "
When he said 'Brown is the color that has the most flavor'

I felt that
Have this lasagne in my oven right now, thanks YSAC.
And thank you thank you thank YOU for not including animals that are food in other civilized countries.
It makes your cooking much more focused, and not on American "pets" that are delicious meat in wonderful places like Vietnam and China.
Actually craving lasagne so bad now 😂
Not sure what that says about me...
-was that PIMBLOKTO spreading the cheese?
That Looks So Bloody Yummy Indeed...The Definition Of Dinner...As Genesis Said In 1971... Suppers Ready...
T series want to know your location
Hefty sock straps. Lol 😁😁😂🤣🤣🤣
This isn't the time to be a Maverick 🤣🤣
*Sees Lasagna*
Garfield would like to know your location
4:19 DAMN! That lasagna be DUMMY-thicc!
Post more plz and btw you are #27 on treading great job
And these videos are always recommended when I'm hungry at 2 am😣😣🤤🤤🤤🤤
I just realized how much you have stolen from Life of Boris. 🤔
3:35 Voice reveal!?!
too virgo for this. Uggggggh
I love the subtle joke saying the meat will knock your socks off
Edit: I guess it's less subtle once you get to the end lol
"Okay byeeeeeeee"
Have you been watching Simone Giertz?
Thought the thumbnail was from Epic Meal Time so i skipped past it, reverse clickbait.
"You sunk my apparently bouyant lasagna~ ;-;"
FAWK ME!

I need some of that STAT. God it looks good!🍅 

Like that it's a smaller size. Actually going to make this on the weekend.
You’re like HowToBasic.
The only thing you do else is you finish the video having a decent result.




I LOVE IT!
Needs more wang janglin’!! Otherwise 10/10.
bye? byE? bYE? BYE?? i was ready for some nice outro songs
You didn’t say that lasagna was also known as pizza cake... 








I love these episodes
B E A C H L A S A N G A
I’ve just found my new favorite channel 😂
Me: T-Series ain't nothin but a...

Video:
"Stacked pizza"? I think you've created a food revelation.
Awh, honey! You tried! Bless your heart.
Soooooo.... Hot Pie conquering?








Also, good sock joke. Respec
I love you,
i love your videos
(i died  insidide as italian, but was rll enjoyable as always tho)
thanks to exist man <3
The sock straps are so the delicious meat doesn't blow your socks off.
.
.
.
.
.
right?
Do all this while staying out of a 50,000 mile radius from Garfield.
Omg I love this channel. Subbed in the first 30 seconds.
OMG this is the best cooking show ever!!!!! Food looks great and this guy is super 😄
Thank you for your clickbait lesson,  W.A.N.G.J.A.N.G.L.E madter
Can you make Ryan's version of the sandwich of justice?
keep your peepers peeled for that spicy subliminal wangjangle
Lasagna is my favourite food! I love the comedy omg, here's a sub :P
This video was uploaded on international jazz day
Why did the power stone cut it so accurately?! XD
Your supposed to alternate the way you place the noodles so the squares dont fall apart.. other than that YSAC keeps pumping out culinary masterpieces
"And resist the urge to make tacos"
Truer words have never been spoken.
No happy dog.  
Looked good. I'll take a hunk.  Needed spinach tho. And more garlic and onion chopped not whole.😡
He's hilarious but some of his recipes are actually amazing! I still make the modified ramen every time I make instant ramen
3:00 Carl Wheezer is coming for you, YSAC
Also known as tasty heart attack!!!.... Great video mate
“Then we’ll spread a layer of garlic milk.”
Can you do a video about mushrooms?, thanks
Congratulations. The first recipe that ever made me start. Giggling. I'm happy i now know the pasta doesn't go under the dish. Thanks
i dont know why didnt anyone ask this question. 






WHERE IS PIMBLOKTO !?
Now we know what Wangjangle means. Took 89 episodes but we're finally getting into the deep lore.
No song?  My stomach is satisfied, but my heart is incomplete.
This video inspired me to try to make a lasagna and this recipe is awesome thank you!
Did you heal your cheese with spiritual crystals too? It might help to bring out its hidden potential
can u please do the Monte Cristo sandwich?
Loved the subtle WANGJANGLE.
That’s a damn good nick mullen impersonating Jordan Peterson impression
I love how the power stone worked best for cutting the noodles!
Sock straps?!  Private those are SHIRT STAYS
Damn
That shit really does look bussin
Yoo I've never been this fast to an upload before
ThAt lasagna knocked your socks off



I hope it wasn’t too obvious to write
This might be the only channel on YouTube that makes you wanna watch the sponsored part, just because it's as funny as the rest of the video.
Everytime I hear your voice I remember of Gina from Brooklyn 99
The thumbnail for this made me think it was a Matt Stonie vid so I didn't eagerly click on it immediately like I usually do with YSAC (Sorry Matt Stonie you're still cool though)
H E B A C K
thank you for putting the plug at the end and also incorporating humor into it. you do it better than most of the pros.
The anxiety lol 🤣🤣
1:36 Anyone else noticed that the steps are an acronym for Wangjangle?
This is no how you make lasagna. This is some American wierd pasta with meatballs that taste horrible and you would never find this shit in great and amazing Europe dish lol
But I enjoyed your video :))
Ricotta? Oh god. This is heresy. PURGE!
I know you wear those sock straps un-ironically
Sacred Geometry....was that a hecking Superbrothers Sword and Sworcery EP reference? If so, you are a hero. If not, still a hero, just a slightly less cool and aloof one.
I love the niche-but-not-really channels that upload rarely but when they do it's always great and ppl are clamoring over it in a few hours, saving resources to last the long winter
Right when I almost forget this channel exist you post another video lol 😂
I knew I was doing Lasagna wrong..... Ive had a revelation! Thank you.
In the words of Patrick, "mmmh, cheesy."
Awesome. Each to their preference way. Sucky yucky is the video name show.🤣🤣🤣
lasagna and cake have the same principle. somewhat layered gluten with fillings in between. petition to call lasagna meatcake
Ask any girl. 

It's GIRTH that counts.
The way you mix the garlic milk is the same technique I use for making sure my morning yoghurt is ridiculously smooth
this is my new favorite youtube channel
Sock straps because it’ll knock your socks off. haha 🙂
It makes me truly happy to see you have a sponsor.  Much love my dude.
Aka Pewdiepies favorite word
I'm scared of lasagna and you because I don't get enough layers. It still tastes good. I love the stack method!!
Thick lasagna! Thick lasagna! 
9 layers ain’t nothing but
Thick lasagna!
Channel wallpaper thing: NEW VIDEO EVERY SECOND TUESDAY
IT’S BEEN THREE WEEEEEEEEKS
The intro is back :D
Now im suck at cooking again...
I suddenly had the idea for you to collab with Binging with Babish and now I expect it
easy, breezy, cheesy, beautiful

Lasagna
Never before has lasagna knocked my socks off. Thanks You Suck At Cooking, you changed my life
I am so glad this is the first episode I have seen from you. XD goes to episode 1

It has begun
bitch lasanga
Always remember WANGJANGLE!
tip: stack every piece of lasagna in order to create vertical lasagna
This is a really great recipe! You forgot to add the red wine vinegar you used in the video to the list of ingredients though!
"Because ricotta chese is just milk that some people did some things to to make it the way it is."
Ricotta instead of bechamel? There are gonna be some uppity Italians in here soon
This was a more chaotic episode than usual
and now i'll stack one more piece so i can create the perfect clickbait thumbnail
"and resist the temptation to make tacos"
yeah
love how the pan is 8 inch ish. clearly measures 8.5 x 8.5in lol
Lasagna is also known "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyou suck at cooking yeah you totally suck?"
I guess you learn something new everyday.
Anyways I'm still hyped for the biskvis on episode 100
You can't get food this good anywhere else in the galaxy
Also known as spaghetti flavored cake
Yu need a bigger cheese bowl there Mel.  U wanged it out.
he said "mix." WHAT HAPPENED TO WANGJANGLING THINGS!?!?!?!?!
If you build a high-enough lasagna tower, you can talk to God.
Cumin and chili powder? What?
you’re really good at posting at the exact moment i forget your channel exists
I love you
it spells wangjangle. i aint even know there was a correct way to spell wangjangle
"undo's on 3 fundo" is my favorite saying
W A N G J AN G L E
Ricotta cheese is just milk that people did some things to, to make it the way to is.
How dare you, you should have done pasticho (Greek lasagna)
"It does make me feel professionalish and smug which is what cooking is all about." LOL
He needs some better sock straps for the tasting procesa
Sock straps.... for when the flavor is so good it mite knock your socks off.
Had to double check to just make sure I didn't get loss'ed during the noodle stacking section.
I never forget to WANGJANGLE.
No song?! I...I...am not entitled to anything from you but am disappointed nonetheless (how is nonetheless just one word?).
Never before did I wangjangle a video so quick.
Every so often I would hear these liturgical chants...I felt it too!
I love labagna but i prefer clam oil in my cheese
This is the best video I've seen since your last upload
"also known as layered pizza" 
I've done that. Taken 3 square Totino's pizzas and threw them in a casserole dish. A little extra pasta sauce and cheese between each layer. Came out pretty damn good for what it was!
i made it and it was amazing


too bad i wasn't wearing any socks. :(
thicc
lasagna
thicc
lasagna
YSAC ain't nothin' but a 
thicc
lasagna
Wait, no song at the end? Sad.
Love you still though.
1:38

TL;DR Just wangjangle everything until it looks right.
You shall suffer consequences from the wraith of the Pasta Maker.
Also known as spaghetti flavored cake
oh my god. I was literally thinking "hey, this is a pretty normal lasagna. it doesn't look anything like the thumbn-"
This is my favorite Channel on YouTube
*Doing my business on the toilet

YSAC: “Brown is the color that has the most flavor...”

Me: *Looks down
How have i not heard of this channel until now. 10/10
YSAC has blonde or light brown hair confirmed.
I could really go for some nine-layer lasagne right now.
That's a lot of sass coming from someone who's apparently not a particularly great cook himself.
Last time I came this early to a video I was wangjangling myself
I forgive you. Everyone loves a good clickbait
Love how you follow up on good jokes to make them great jokes
Whoever calls it pasta brownie, turn on ur location I just wanna talk
YES I have been waiting for this
i’m in class right now, lasagna is also known as pasta pie
"Why, Sac? Why?"
1:32
🎵CANT STOP NOW🎵
 🎵KEEP MOVEING🎵
Download Tuber Simulator
I suggest putting Alfredo sauce on top. It’s real good 👌
Is it easy cheesy beef and squeezy, with a forecast of light breezey, Italian like tortellini, make sure you brought speghettini? Oh, and don't forget the cappuchini, but don't put it in the box of lazer-beamies.
*T-Series would like to know your location
In the description you wrote wandjangle instead if wangjangle
I don't understand English
But I think this is fun.
Your videos cure my depression
I love how you bless the food before leaving it in the oven.
It brings joy to my heart.
All of those meals you showed looked awesome!!!!!
4 days and people haven't realized that the ricotta mixing steps spell out wangjangle??
"And we do this because brown is the color that has the most flavor"

I mean like browning food does actually give flavor so you're not wrong?
This video Is so funny, as an italian i played lasagna bingo , and you made me won (thanks),you didn't get a single thing right, anyway love your videos
Pasta brownies! 🤣🤣🤣 I work in a Italian restaurant. This is all I’m gonna think when someone orders lasagna
Also known as garfields lover😻
Triple layered click bait worked with me.  First time viewer.  Wins you one subscriber.
9 hours late...I thought the bell was enough, but it turns out I also have to be awake to catch an upload at the first moment.
Dang it, fell for a clickbait video again!
it sounds like he smoked more than he bargained for before recording
Oi you messed up a bit in the description, at the end you talk about the foil and it’s phrased weird and makes it seem like you put the foil on after 30-40 minutes in the onion rather than before
Also known as Garfield’s favorite food
The Lasagna Noodle Spice Rack™ (Patent Pending)
Chili powder and cumin?
Suddenly, enchiladas
2:32 L O S S
...also known as heart attack
You sir just got a new fan lol
Y'all noticed he said threefundo instead of threehundo
3:10
now after 20 years
i finally understand why pizzas have the 3 leg table in the middle
2:29
loss?
Yo congrats at #29 on trending
What if i waited longer to watch this because of the thumb nail
Why do I feel like some of the steps for mixing ricotta are taunt phrases from Super Smash Brothers ultimate
it’s 3:50am and i have work today but i will proceed to watch your videos until sunrise
I wanna follow this recipe. Do we need to add the hair at 3:51?
you forgot to put red wine vinnegar in the description!
> no cooking the pasta before you layer
Traditionally lasagna is only one layer but lasagne is multiple. Phancy terms eh
You take so much effort in writing the description! I love this channel!!!
Don’t you cook the noodles first??....
Like a meat sponge..! XD
that stack of lasagna was the best thing ever
Cooking shows exist

40 yr. old Karen’s RECIPE INTENSIFIES
T series, I didn't know you were on this show.
I want to see YSAC and Jack Stauber to do a collab, That would be legendary
2:10 power stone
The video is so much my style! I like the uncorrected cooking video!
Clog my arteries daddy
Yo i swear i thought he said "Hella refresh" at 4:56
What do you have against    bowls of slop?🤪
You kinda sound like Jena from Brooklyn 99
THAT IS MY KIN YOU ARE EATING YOU HEARTLESS BASTARD
I’m not gonna lie.


I loved the way he said “lasagna” at the beginning.
I never thought of putting a whole onion in a pan. What a genius he is. 🍴
U can just canoodle it and not stack at all.
Use cottage cheese u blend if no ricotta.
U can just make baked pasta- macaroni or any shape.  I love that. Like Mel says- anything is better browned.
I made my 1st corn of year in pan I cooked my turkey burger and onion in. It made it like grilled ..yuM
I wasn't confused for one moment of this video, are you losing your touch?
Lasagna lasagna
I can't rhyme so I'll just say basagna
I've been waiting for some "wang- jangle"  lore.
Thicc lasagna
Thicc lasagna
All you are is just a little 
Thocc lasagna
Am I the only one who absolutely loathes ricotta in anything including lasagna?? The texture is so gross imo. I go 100% mozzarella all the way.
the lasagne was so good it knocked his socks off
also known as spaghetti cake
last time i was early, i forgot this channel exists.
Instructions unclear, my beef blackened instead.
When mixing the white ingredients, you forgot to wangjangle them.
You crazy at cooking yeah!! Of course!
oh yeah great video even better with some music like at are sight enjiy
garfeild has joined the chat
trending!!! so proud of u ysac! 😭
Has he ever done a face reveal?🤔
Yeah, has to be 3 layers 😂
you cook like my mom so im subscribing
also known as mmmmᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐ
Someone hack hello fresh and tell us who YSAC is
Yes the intro is back
Not gonna lie the audio transition at 3:02 actually made me think someone was breaking into my house and my heart has never sunk so damn fast. My heart is still racing SO THANKS MATE YOU PUT THE FEAR IN ME OVER A PIZZA CASSEROLE VIDEO
You forgot that it’s also a spaghetti flavored cake
Big lasagna is always better lasagna.
2:08
or a power stone
also know as S T R O M B O LI
I don't know how many years i've been watching you. Or what i'm doing with my life. What i DO know is, i LOVE your videos, and get actually inspired in my own cooking by you! xD kudos
Yall legit im gon cry i can eat this lasagna
"The Return of the King"
is it just me or is ysac sound similar to how to sound like imaginary ambition
All stress left my body when he finally said and also with you
Currently making this for mother’s day
Tin roof. Rusted.
Thanks to you I learned.
This video doesn’t give me that pop like it usually does and also you didn’t say wangjangle
I want wangjangle on a t-shirt
More time doing things you love... Like building a lasagna noodle spice rack
Instructions unclear, made flat spaghetti with smashed meatballs instead.
Looks so good😭❤💞
elongated lasaga please
you really had a lot of fun building that "spice rack", did you not?
This is exactly how I like my lasagna: Thorough.
Please never stop making videos 💞
i never knew until now but “pasta brownie” is the perfect euphamism for lasagna
S t a c k   t h e   l a y e r s
yay! stacked pizza! Have been waiting for this tutorial for a while
Oh my gosh! You got me with the socks ;D!
Pasta brownies. I'm sold.
watching this while hungry is the worst mistake I've made today
YSAC Garfield does not approve, not on Monday. Please repost next week.
I don’t have a power stone, will a regular stone work?
T series is nothing but a bi- beef lasagne
GARFIELD WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION
I once cooked for my friend, I asked how was it and said you learned this from You suck at cooking XD, Tnx for another easy recipe for Lasagna 👍
I was expecting a loss meme with the noodles
Lazy?  Ha!  Btw, always knew you'd get huge. Just mind the agents and don't ever go to Hollywood.
Also know as T-Series
I have one thing to say




BICTH  lasagna
as an italian, i vouch that “licking the measuring cup” is 100% authentic
You sound like deacon from f04
My skin has alot of flavor😏
Almonds hide the taste of cyanide, just a tip
W A N G J A N G L E
▪Sponsore be like : Hello Fresh!

▪His environment be like : Hella Sh*t!
... c'mon bruh !!! don't made me dislike your videos just because of stupid ad.
thanks for the intro
3:52 Is that a piece of hair I see?!?!
No onions in the meat? Are you crazy xd
He owes us a lasagna song! >:)
What about spaghetti flavored cake?
1:14 Somebody did something - Ilhan Omar
He made it an acronym i-
Lasagna..



Bi-
The 200 dislikes are the people who dont get the sarcasm
This is like opposite how to basic
For simple W.A.N.G.J.A.N.G.L.E
Do voice reveal
"with smashed meat balls" that part got me well 🤣🤣
"Brown is the color with most flavor"


Me: hmmm...
wait a minute i would’ve bet my soul that he was vegetarian but ground beef
The lack of wang-jangling here is disturbing
No lasagna song? ;0;
you are like how to basic but actually useful! i love your channel!
YOU are crazy + I lovve it . ha!
Also known as t-series
I see what you did there at 1:36.... I see it. And I'm proud of it
alright but how do you make b*tch lasagna? video is lacking basic knowledge :(
Congrats on your sponsorship! Og fan here
2:08 
Thanos wants to know your location
Garfield wants to know your location
I clicked on this because of the thumbnail.
Ooohhh because it'll knock your socks off
Remember when mixing,
WANGJANGLE
I literally ate lasagna today, are you reading my mind?
This kept my mind off the fact that shreck died in endgame.
That Looks So Bloody Yummy Indeed...The Definition Of Dinner...As Genesis Said In 1971... Suppers Ready...
Look, pal. Bigger lasagne I̳S̳ better lasagne.
Pasta Brownies.. I can’t call it lasagna anymore tbh
It knocked his socks off😂😂😂
If brown as the most flavour, that means that I’m safe from zombies.

I’m sorry
4:20 that.. is illegal! 😮
I'm Italian.
I like lasagna.
I'm lactose intolerant.
Made the lasagna. Shit was delicous. Just a head up tho. Go easy on the ricotta cheese layer and try to lay it down flatter and more even. Also the description left out the apple cider vinegar
I want a ysac collab with Adam Ragusea
I love savory Rice Krispies
I learned that my poop has  a lot of flavor
‘You sunk my apparently buoyant lasagna’ is my favorite pickup line
When you see it 1:37
Video style reminds me of binging with babish
Perfect timing, i just started cooking with a glass of whiskey by my side, needed this for a good laugh!!
Also known as Garfield's meal of choice
It's a good day when this appears on the feed
As an Italian, the beginning of the video gave me hives and made my ancestors roll in their graves
You said stir... instead of wang jangle
garfield peeks around the corner
Do i smell lasaga?
This is the best wangjangling I have ever seen!
That's a pretty crunchy lasagna.
I needed this😂
SOMEBODY FIND THE OUTRO SONG
This series is slowly becoming "You're pretty okay at cooking".
Hi there, random italian here: instead of mozzarella and ricotta use bechamel sauce. Tastes better and it's smoother. Enjoy :3
1:35 Also known as wangjangle it all together
Pasta Brownies!!!!!!!
W A N G J A N G L E
I'm Italian and I'm offended by the non-boil noodles. Sort of Teutonic sorcery
The madman adds cumin to his lasagna meat sauce
Gonna be honest on this one. That lasagna doesn't look very appetizing, but I bet it's great. I mean, it's lasagna. 😂
i can feel my arteries constricting
haha knock your socks off get it
In the UK we use bechamel sauce rather than ricotta and its wetter but like in a good way
You r funny and a good cooker... Subscribed
We want some ASMR videos man
if you are watching this on a computer, press 3 as much as possible really fricking fast
Thicc Lasanga thicc Lasagna t series ain't nothing but a Thicc Lasanga
Dude cumin and chili powder for an Italian dish is just unpurist... still good though
you are the vulpeck of coocking show and that's the nicest thing I have ever said to another human being
The song on this one is a bit short and lacks dogs.
But catchy anyway.
"Byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" yeh I'll be singing that for days now.
Is there a canadian hello fresh, like a "ay man fresh " or somthing
Now you are speaking my language.
what happened to the bechamel- never mind
I need some new stronger sock strap because my old ones weren’t strong enough.
now make a lasagna using female dog meat
First of all, how dare you.
I couldn't resist the urge to make tacos.
Gotta start over.
I subscribed when the lasagna became a demonic spirit 😂😂
also known as mmmmmmMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Why is a lasagna tutorial literally the best video I’ve seen in the last few months lol
Hey.........so why did his sock explode off? Lmao
Garfield would like to know your location
I’m confused if he’s actually cooking or just putting ingredients together
Yeah he bring his intro back! yey
Always W.A.N.G.J.A.N.G.L.E.
Lasagna also known as spaghetti flavored cake
Not the real lasagna recipe, but still... cool video
No song? My depression has increased and my sadness is immeasurable.
Thats a lot of name...
the intro is back
my italian blood froze from watching this
That thumbnail looks appetizing
lemme serve you thicc lasagna
1:36 No one(but him ofc) knew this til this video
Bro it was my 2nd day of OT and I didn't realise you were spelling wangjangle until the last letter. Goodnight everybody.
forgot the socks straps and the lasagne knocked my socks off!
I have thought about it for 1 second and ur my favourite youtuber
This is the best episode of ysac
Also known as t series
is it ok if i used a more watered down, dark colored tomato sauce? it smells and tastes a bit like metal but i think it'll work well. thoughts?
L A S A G И A
I have actually never heard of ricotta on lasagna. It sounds nice but I'm not a fan of milk loaf aka ricotta. I do sauce on the bottom then pasta,sauce, bechamel, cheese (mozzarella and parmesan) then pasta on do this for 2 or 3 layers and then too off with cheeses of your choice and bechamel and choice below the cheese
4:49 when his socks got knocked off 😂 nice touch 👌
You forgot the side of garlic toast. (:
Legendary.
Interesting take, I find it strange that you didn't even cook beschamel, but then again, I might try this and rethink my statement.
Im glad we learned the truth behind the wangjangle
ricotta is just milk that somebody did some things to to make it the way that it is
"brown is the color that has the most flavor"... Damn
Hilarious I love your show
I call Lasagna, pasta Cake
I clicked cuz it looked good
You have beautiful hands
That whole onion cooking with the beef though...
I wish you could upload more often. Your videos are the best.
WANGJANGLE
Pizza casserole. I’ve never thought of that before
Yo my dads chicken lasagna is better
The intro is cursed
Thx now my kitchen is a mini hell
I don't like no-boil noodles. I find they either don't cook fully or don't taste as good.
This gave me a memory of my classmates singing B lasagna but child friendly.
Anybody see that hair though 3:50
I would like to see epicurus use him for one of their 4 levels of chefs make _ videos
Does anyone notice the mixing procedure called WANGLANGLE in short
Brown is my favorite ice cream flavor.
I just wangjangled the ricotta and garlic instead of all that unnecessary hollabalooh and it worked out fine.
garmfiel want to know your location
I feel like this man knows what he’s doing
also known as wmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
The spoon technique is called a crenel
Also know as pewdiepie’s favorite meal.
wangjangle
this dudes a cooking... GOD!!!
I really wanna try this lasagna recipe some time, it looks so damn tasty
Also known as spaghetti cake in our house.
Is it gluten though.🤔
youve changed man
if you want the sock straps, they are called shirt stays. one end attached to your sock and one end to your shirt it keeps your shirt tucked in...
the fact that you call those "noodles" is disturbing
The way you said peace be with you to your lasagna leads me to believe you’re a fellow catholic
That power stone cutting tho...  0.o
*and with your spirit
This video is the salve my soul needed after that absolutely shit game of thrones episode
Respect.
you finally uploaded dude
2:30 nice loss meme haha
Garfield: Now hand over that lasagna
Where is the bitc lasanga? I'm leaving.
What is a power stone and why have I never seen one before today
Not first :D
This was wise
Aka Mac and cheese with meat
Me and my family personally call lasagna spaghetti cake
w a n g j a n g l e
NO SONG WITH DOGS!?
Lol the steps were wangjangle
lasagna is probs my favorite food ;)
Also known as....
Hefty sock straps
Love love love the narrative!!! 😂😂😂😂
i swear he's binging with babish for dummies
In italy we don't have measuring cups
Also known as spaghetti cake
Thicc garlic milk
No spinach ? or what about albino lasagne with ocean insects ?
I bet this video was banned in India...





Because he cooked the sacred cow of course
Dear YSAC, my girlfriend and I just made this dish. Thank you for the incredibly easy recipe, and witty style. Made the experience fun, and enjoyable!
I call lasagna lasagna, shocking.
Why does he keep calling spaghetti cake all these weird names
Wang Jangle
How do I get you to marry me?
Ok but what about the socks?!
1:36 CAN YOU SEE IT
I got jabaited mon
watching this during ramadan 🤤
Bobs and vagan--oh wait wrong video
also know as: another way to eat the same, 4 itallian ingredients that go into every tomato sauced, oregano, ground meat, and pasta dish
Definitely making this soon!!
looks delitious🤔
Damn it, made tacos again
Hybrid of howtobasic (with unique ideas) and jerryrigeverything (informative)
Your back!
Your like a mild howtobasic
If you like your lasagna drier, add an egg into your ricotta mixture w/ your spices!
Bigger L is better than little L
This, ladies and gentlemen, is the much calmer version of HowToBasic.
spaghetti flavored cake
hella fresh
monotone on lock.
Oh god that joke about socks straps knocked My socks off
Isn’t all cheese, milk that somebody did something to?
Heart attack right there
In endgame iron man gets a colonoscopy. Still waiting on results.
This video was so unchacotic- oh sponsored
You didn't cook the noodles before laying them in the pan?
They say the Italians fought in WW2 by eating lasagna and launching their socks at the allies. Needless to say, they're more known for their cuisine than their warfare.
I missed you
Also known as why was this in my recommendations
B E A C H  L A S A G N A
whisk it vigorously. I'm being Maverick.
actually Hello Fresh is a Berlin based Start-Up with all the hip dudes playing Fortnite and shootin' Nerf-Guns in their environmentally-friendly work community.
I love you 3000
this guy video yummy and funny xD
The secret code wangjangle
That is not the lasagne I know, so this recipe makes me feel uncomfortable.


The lasagne sheets here in Australia are flat, unless you go and specifically buy the fancy lasagne sheets.


Meat sauce base is beef mince, garlic, onion, tinned tomatoes, tomato paste and mixed Italian herbs - you can add other things to it if you want, but this is the holy mix.


White sauce/bechamel sauce can either go on just the top, or in between the layers. You start by cooking the butter and flour mix in a saucepan (I believe the French call this a roux). Then you add milk in small amounts and mix until you get the right consistency. You can also add cheese into the sauce: cheddar, parmesan, even brie or another cheese could work.


Final layer is bechamel sauce and then grated cheese on top.








I don't know why I get so riled up about "traditional" recipes, but I also feel strongly about spaghetti bolognese. I actually felt outraged when some bougie sheila on Better Homes and Gardens made a spaghetti bolognese with pancetta in it! My spaghetti bolognese has the same meat sauce base as the lasagne, except thicker because we don't need the extra liquid to cook the noodles in.
Instructions unclear ended up with a just-okay-ish-maybe-i-dunno taco
Wangjangling intensifies
1:36 it spells wang jangle 😂😂
i really just watch you to look at your arms at this point
you, Gordon Ramsay, and the other smug chefs can choke on an ill gained trending #
Currently that means shoving a number 22 up your arse until it reaches your throat
Cooking is not about being smug.
Damn you for legitimatizing G. "Douchebag" Ramsay's omnipresence on the web for cursing while cooking and being smug AF
Besides all that, I love pizza brownies something fierce
I'm early lemme think of a joke






People who do this
Still waiting for that one person to comment beep lasagna
Also known as Italian cake
I was actually planning on making a lasagna soon!
Do the WANG JANGLE
Milk?! What did they do to you?!
Forget it, it aint easy beein cheezy.
Do you pronounce it lasagna or lasagna?
Also known as heart attack yellow.
You don't need clickbait lol I'll click on anything you put out!
i want to learn how to cook garlic bread
Pasta flavoured cake
WANGJANGLE
WANGJANGLE
John where is my lasorg
YSAC: .......... "why? Because brown is the color that has the most flavor"
Me: looks over at Mexican wife
Also me: smiles oral-sexally
When the power stone cuts the noodles the best
2:09 reality can be whatever i want....
Ricotta ain't in lasagna man
Lasagna without spinach in the white part and no onions or peppers in the red part?
Maybe it is just a matter of taste.
The toothpick support structure is a good idea though.




Also, TVP is a good substitute for ground beef in lasagna. Fight me.
I want to pick up blocker
And with your spirit
omfg I missed these videos
You actually own sock garters
And with your spirit
666K VIEWS WHOOP
That cheese sauce offended me
thicc lasagna
who hurt you
Easy, cheesey, beefy, beautiful lasagna
how i missed ye
That lasagna looked wonderful the guys kind of goofy but his lasagna look good
So good it knocked his socks off
I'm sorry but you missed out a key ingredient. Doritos. You get cheese flavoured Doritos and  smash them up, add them to the top with the cheese around halfway through cooking and umft!! delicious crunch!!
Wait, but where's the tune?
Can we get YSAC on rewind this year?
What does WangJangle mean?
That CHEESE tho
How many people thought it was a howtobasic video?
👇
Okbyeyeeeeeee
2:30 is that....loss.....
this was just an excuse to make a bunch of lasagna
that lasagna spice rack was cool
I feel like 2:34 was a loss reference.
Cooking tip for anyone: season your meat early. Makes the most out of your herbs and spices
Also: don’t add your onion after your beef. Beef cooks much faster than onion. Make your onions sweat and cooked until they partially lose their colour. Then add in your beef
1:34 Not one mention of wangjangling?...
Has anyone noticed all the catholic mass references?
I'm so hungry now :(
i got scared he was doing loss w the noodles
Ya know Jack and Tana are friends NOT DATING
Is this T-Series?

100% of 4th grade children can't tell the difference!
I saved a lot of time and made tacos!
0:22 .....
1:17 WANGJANGLE
You forgot spaghetti casserole
Now we know what wangjangle means
forty seven on trending
Why did he call the pasta noodles?
THEY AREN'T NOODLES. IT'S PASTA.
Anyone else got a olive garden ad?
whaat? where is the other sauce?
Powerstone was the best Dreamcast game.
I actually wanna make this
Lasagna is my favorite food 😋
You are very smart.
Do a meatloaaaaff. I cant remember if u did a meatloaf
Also known as M E E E E E E W W W W W W W W.
No song at the end? 😔
Lasagna is even better the day after.
Garfield waz her3
You give me life
I love you dad.
PASTA BROWNIES
Let’s get to episode 100!!
3:00 I bet 100$ Garfield said that.
Ah, so that's what Wangjangle means
You didnt cook your noodles
Why isn't the power stone purple?
Hes like a Refined How to basic
the white sauce should not be made with ricotta. it should be made with begamele sauce
HE DIDN’T CALL IT A PASTER CAKE
Also known as mmmmmmᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐₘₘₘₘₘₘₘ
I don’t think I’ll ever not laugh when I watch these x3
Abuse to innocent viewers Warning 1
No song🤷‍♂️🧦
Wait we were supposed to believe that the thumbnail was one slice of lasagna? I assumed we were supposed to know it was stacked slices
The humor is unreal
I love you!
so thatsss what wangjangle means
I eat Jon, it's what I do
click bait worked for me
We call this enchilada pie 😎😎
Was that accent putting Julia Childs on blast?  You better not.  She WILL destroy you.
Garfield entered the chat
I love garfield
"ysac" sounds so...dirty.
Me WanT LaSAngA
Uhhhh
Where is the beshamel
also known as instant obesity
Garfield wants to know where you live
also know as laser gun noises
i think i’m in love with you
all lasagna is good lasagna
1:36 wangjangle
How many girls have a crush on this guy
ONLY TWO CHEESES FOOL
I need to get a power stone to scare off the haters.
Never thought to pre cook meat. always just made meat balls ams smashed them after cooking in home made  sauce
This is too much
Is this a Catholic lasagna?
powerstone
BEACH 0:00
Hahaha the easter egg at 1:36 good one
I don’t know how to cook, and this video might help, but I do know that  @ _i.have.no.followers on Instagram actually has no followers
Maybe you shouldn’t judge it for being sloppy 😠
thumbs up for sock garters woo
I n n e r   G a r f i e l d   I N T E N S I F I E S
Unpopular opinion:
Lasagna sucks
I need this. PleAse
Garfield wants to know your location
Garfield wants to know your location
I realize at 4:23, twinkle twinkle Little Star is playing in the background
Damn, tata totally different way then I do it. But its Look good
Pizza time?
5:50
Also known as the average American mom’s Italian strips
Apple pie next? Or any pie in general
Looking at this makes me haangraaay
Unacceptable! No song!
Wangjangle 1:36 wow
she beefy!
LAZAGA
0:43 we now know he's a blonde boy
no wangjangles and you didnt end with a song :,(
xD
Sponge Bob's left the chat
Of course to fight t-series
need to trythis
BEEF lasagna beef lasagna your kitchen is nothing but a beef lasagna
i know you do funny vids, but the panacotta stuff is for real right? I never made the white sauce like that
Needs mushrooms.
T-series is nothing but a ___ lasagna!
This is so mean to people dieting right now 😫
Do u wash ur onion
pls do a face reveal btw you’re so funny ilyyy
At least it looks cool
Pizza cake
I gotta get me a power stone
Also known as A rap song
:(
>no mushrooms
2:33 WITCHCRAFT
WangJangle BogJangle WiggleWaggle?
No song :(
how are you so awesome..
GARFIELD!!!!!!!!
my mom makes better
Right.... Lasange is called lasange cause of the lasange pasta. Not noodles...
is this deadpool's channel?
Really thought he was gonna be sponsored by the socks
This released when I was in school
HEHE BOI oh wait...
Garfield is coming.
Spaghetti cake
Issac
Silent but delicious as lil wayne said
That looks so yummyyy
keep that cottage cheese
i was eating lasagna wow lol
Can you be my mom
I hate how this dude talks
I eat jon it's what I do m hutybbttfv
Who came here after watching the omatone cover of b*tch lasagna
Resist the urge to make tacos lol
Wait wait wait. People don't cook the lasagna shells before putting it in the oven?
i know it as pizza cake
Now I want a nice girthy lasagna. Amen.
Garfield wants to know your location
Garfield wants to know your location
where????are???? the????dogs??????
Garfield wants to know your location
To the people who want him to upload more often, he can't. He's only let out of his cage when Pimblokto needs rent money from ad revenue. Duh.
4:25 that lasagna is dummy thicc
Wait this isn't Binging With Babish plz help
Someone get Gordon ramsay
Consume the lasaga
I can make this vegetarian and it is so yummy.
How many amens in this video?
1 thousand year 1 video
What if like... sfra
“World’s shityest jenga”
When will we see how he looks like
For a moment I through that the socks company sponsored you... It would have been cool ...
T-series aint nothing but a beef lasagna
❤❤❤
Yes
Wangjangling is not simply mixing
DUUUDE
My shit is brown does it have the most flavor
On 3:50 for real nobody is going to talk about that piece of hair on That Lasagna
Garfield would approve
i want it
Lasagna is spaghetti flavored cake
I heard your voice quiver when you said “you sunk my apparently buoyant lasagna“. You have a right to feel so smug at that joke! 4:10
Also known as mmmMmMMMMMMMMM
also known as mmmmMMMMM MMMMMMMMM
Brown has the most flavor hmmmmmmmmm
So that’s why he needed his socks to be tight, it will blow your socks off I see
Where is the bechamel?!
I really want lasagna now
Do a collab with babish
lasagna also known as Italian cake
Low key looks good
Товук кабоб
noodle cake
Well this seems nice
Nice acronym
Eat It!
Are we ever going to see your face?
Ooooo I want this for diner
what is a power stone
Is this HowtoBasics cooking channel?
Spaghetti Cake
I was expecting the title to be easy cheesy beefy laseegny
1:36 Look at the first letter in every line
love u
Is this LOSS !??
When I make lasagna I usually spread the ricotta on the noodles and then put the sauce on after since it is easier to spread the ricotta just by using a spatula at that point.
As an Italian, I'm disgusted.
Where's the lasagna song? :((( I sad
You know me so well. I did just think that a tall lagsana was superior to a thick lagsana. Now I am ashamed.
amen
Do you come up with the recipes and if not where do you get them?
That hair on the lasagna made me cringe
At 1:38 it spells wanganagle
Now im hungry
Your a god🙌
:)
He sounds weird
You ain't nothing but a thick lasagna
Garfield has entered the game
Girthy lasagna is the best lasagna
I came to see a doggy at the end...
I want to marry you one day
You completely ruined me
He goofy cat food
I finish my lasagna with a top layer of sauce over the cheese layer, it doesn't get quite so dry that way. Also if you want super tasty meat you add the onion to the spice mix you used. Why choose? Have both!
3:50 is that a hair?
2:29 it's loss.
when u took the toothpicks out there was a dog hair but nO judgement i mean dogs shed
I want to know what socks those are
Every time an italian watches this it dies
beef ruins lasagna for me for some reason
Garfielf noises
Best ever. Ill raise your illegitimate children.
Okay, but where is the B** lasagna
I call lasagna “spaghetti cake”
Looks great!
Russian Lasagna hellp me
B lasagna?
spagetthi cake
Im Too Lazy
2.30, is this loss?
You make cooking not boring
I use sock straps when I boil eggs so the water boils faster.
0:51 ... ... ...now I want Taco Lasagna.
It’s fricking midnight and now I’m hungry dammit
2:38 I thought this was loss
안녕하세요
유튜브 1기 노은희 입니다
반갑습니다~~^^
He added a whole oven onto the meat. And weirdly enough he called it an onion.
Is this lasagna?
You encourage me to make that.
You're right... I shouldn't believe everything in the internet. Sorry for being numb...
Where is the pepper pepper pepper? I might have been distracted and missed it?
I made this recipe exactly like you said except I attached my socks to a generator and now it looks like I'm getting free electricity for about 4 weeks.
You should try the Southern Italian recipe! It's not well known but it's very good. Use bechamel instead of ricotta and keep everything else the same :)
Thought this was howtobasic
ok bye
Other meat choices are possible including pepperoni slices, Italian sausage, Alfredo chicken., deboned ribs, etc.
Infinite diversity, infinite combinations. Both aleph one order infinities.
LASAGA
Is he American? I always assumed he was Canadian for some reason... I mean it doesn’t matter but I always play a guessing game of “where is [random Youtuber] from” when they don’t outright say it.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE EGG DETECTIVE???
As an italian,we don't use fricking ricotta. WE USE BECHAMEL SAUCE. sToP
Damn. I’m hungry 😋
Leave no molecule uncombined
This lasagna
2:28 that was so close to loss
Watches one Gordon Ramsey video
Dam you rain getting all in my oven ruining my lasagna
Lol
Who else watches this for no reason?
I eat lasagna with my hands
Yo you still got your cat? Haven’t seen him/her since episode 2. I’m just wondering
t series should eat this
That's what happens when your mom never tells you not to play with food.
Apart from the fun, you actually make me want to go out of my way and cook. I made the tikka masala you showed some time before. Never would have done it myself if not for your videos.
No song this time?
Garfield has entered the chat
Am I the only one to notice that you did loss when showing how to lay the pasta on top?
Beef Lasagna Tseries got nothing on me Beef Lasagna
Lasaga
Wtf is this howtobasic? But not that crazy?
Only girth amen
Actually every even european is triggered and all italian are dead already. Why you american always need to kill European recipes?
Bechamel?
...maybe it's time to unsubscribe lol
Can you make a video about hamburgers? Only found sandwiches in your channel
Soooo... 3 layers???
So do I season with onion or with spices?
beef lasagna beef lasagna
I miss the song and dogs.
🙄😂👍👍❤️
I saw hair in the lasagna
Looks delicious
I miss when you used to say pepper pepper pepper pepper when using pepper
No song?
No song?
Am I the only one who saw LOSS?
My mom always put ricotta cheese in lasagna and I never understood the point of it as it's just bland white stuff competing with the other flavors. I made a lasagna without it and everyone commented on how great it tasted and what was my secret. I just said, "Don't put bland ricotta cheese in it." Same goes for putting sour cream on tacos or in burritos. Don't bland out the flavor.
All Italians watching this video has died.
B lasagna
0:23 have you tried poop?
Lasaga
after a shitty day this made me smile so much. this video is as excellent as when ur mom makes lasagna, probably better.
I made mine about a week before this came out and that sucks. But my lasagna didn't. And it was a healthier version with only 374 calories per serving.
*PewDiePie wants to know your location*
Hi my name is garfild and I love lasagna
I would love to see you go on cutthroat kitchen
Soy el unico que habla español aqui :'(
MAN! I know Italians are always complaining but YOU CAN'T CALL THIS LASAGNA at all. That's not Ragù, it's stir-fried minced meat; That's not the type of pasta you use in Lasagna. There is no Ricotta in the Lasagna!!! there's Besciamella: a thick cream made of milk, butter and flour. OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU CALL THAT LASAGNA! PS. I love your channel anyway, it's full of fantastic recipes and heresies to Italian cuisine. With a lot of love and some hate, from Italy
No lasagna song?
No end song?!?!
No Outro Song. Unsubscribed, Reported.
I heard from a world famous chef you've never heard of that Lasagna should have as many layers as there are A's in Lasagna.


So either you make Lasagn, Lasagna, or Lasagnaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
GAAAAARFIEEEEELF
PewDiePie Will Improve.
I was told there was going to be a meat sponge. There was no meat sponge. stares off into the distance
meow
Funny video and all but is no one gonna appreciate that sock joke tho.
Where the hell did this guy come from?! I love it😂
Pewdiepie wants to know your location
Very nice good cooking!
I’ve never had a bad lasagna.
Wow I hate lasagna, but this one actually looks good!
Bring egg series back
I made a lasagna with 2 layers I’m scared and I think They Are HEL.........
Or a wood burning kit
Beach lasagna
This is by far your funniest video, but you forgot the mushrooms
Where is the ending song
Nomnoms gimmie
I’m watching this at 2:34 am and now I really want lasagna
My mum has a recipe of what she calls lazy lasagne which is basically a thick layer of amazing mince, a layer of macaroni and cheese, and topped of with a sprinkle of grated cheap cheese lol best dish I’ve ever had
Beach Lasagna
My mom can cook it like that but it tastes good
bleghh 😝
Hallo
wheres the egg series
1:30 What the hell is “mix” supposed to mean?
A pornographic ad just showed on this video for me. Am I the only one? Wth just happened???
Why do Americans call pasta noodles? If I described something as noodle-like, I'm almost certain you'd think of something long and stringy, like egg noodles aka ramen. Those are sheets of pasta, lasagna sheets, not noodles.
What's the thickness scale?
“You sunk my apparently buoyant lasagna “- that guy 4/30/2019
Pewdiepie/Pewds/Felix would like to know your location.
BOBS OR VEGANA WHICHEVER WILL IT BE?
pasticho
It's meat cake!
2:40 was that a jojo reference
That's a bitchin' lasagna
Is it just me or is the the sound the food is make is fake
Instead of the ricotta u can use smashed potatos whit cheese
Where do I get a Power Stone? No wonder my lasagna is boring....I always use a loaf pan...
I don't mind the HF ad, but almost thumbs down for no happy puppy clips at end. I mean, why do you think I'm here????
Pewdiepie wants to know your location
:     0
Sorry but i unsubbed...
Your perfect. Too perfect it makes me  hungry, so i cant watch anymore man ;(
*Garfield has joined the chat*
I’m starving!
Maybe in the next life ill be a good cook like you and i wont suck.
a serious comment...most people don't realize how reactive aluminum foil is.  if you're going to use it on highly acidic foods, like tomatoes, eggs, or some cheeses, you should probably put some plastic wrap or parchment paper between the two, or the flavor will probably be changed for the worst.  if you want to see a great example, put that lasagne in the fridge for a couple of days, and watch the acids eat holes in the aluminum foil.
"Ricotta cheese is just milk that somebody did some things to to make it the way it is"
I ate lasanga yesterday
1:55 any one gonna tell him that there is a short side and a long side to the glass thingy and he used the short side?
Where did you get your socks?
Legna
My socks are knocked into the subatomic
That’s some RICH lasagna
bich lasagna.
Bitc lasanga
Hair in da lasagna
I love my lasagna big. Real big. Like 10 layers. Or 26. Or even 512. Maybe I'll try something cracy today. Like.... 3?  Yeah. 3 million sounds good.
Lasagna is know for burning your mouth
Lol, that's so disgusting!
Ricotta cheese is disgusting
You don't have a special garlic squeezing tool instead of shredding it by hand? That is quite surprising given that you cook so much.
You forgot the raw egg in the ricotta. It gives the cooked lasagna more body and a nicer taste.
another good tip is to mix Egg whites and italion seasoning to the Ricotta, then cook that in the emptied meatsauce pan (scrape the sauce out the pan, but NEVER clean it, ya gonna want some of that flava)
But I don’t eat meat, how do I mean a delicious lasagna?  Help me god
I'm 15 and I know I'll never make these, why am I here
Is this binging with babish?
Im sick of hipsters in the comments
this lasagna is disgusting, you can’t cook
im starving... whoops i guess ill go to sleep to save money
I hate lasagna
I have a dream that my lasagna children will be judged by their taste rather than their size and amount of ricotta
Anyone came here bc b lasagna
... What to eat tonight  ? ...Lasagna .... Problem solved
You mean wangjenga?
damn. i rly like the songs that play after the video has ended. And god bless those dogs. Where do you get all the dogs? do you own a dog farm? will it be all about the dogs not the eggs in the end?
My Italian grandmother approved this recipe.
Peace be with you, grandson. 👍
im sorry jon
No one: 
Literally no one;
You suck at cooking said mix instead of wangjangle
howtobasic
beef lasagna 
beef lasagna 
ain't nothing but a
beef lasagna
beef lasagna
That’s not how noodles work, you definitely should boil them
Not to be overdramatic or anything but your videos literally add 20 years to my life span
Damn you have good taste in food and socks

I didn't even realize you said it😂
Wow it looks delicious, sure what will I do that lasagna in the week thanks for sharing
Based on his leg hair on 0:42, we can predict that YSAC has blonde hair
It's apparent you love the taste of death and misery.

So disgusting.
I used to love this channel but I can't stand the use of animal products. I'm going to have to unsubscribe 😢. I wish you the best 💖.
W.A.N.G. J.A.N.G.L.E.
love how every single meal you make looks so good, come cook in my house blEase
1:36 he formed the word “WANGJANGLE”
"...and also with you"
What is this Mixing you speak of I only wangjangle my food together
Tyler1s recipe is better smh
T H I C C   L A S A N G A
watched this while crying after a bad day. u made me feel better, thank u ysac ❤
1:36 it says "wangjangle"
W A N G J A N G L E
B I T C H    L A S A G N A
:>





He's baccccc
Wtf boil the noodles
WANGJANGLE
Also known as mmmmMMMM
were the noodles hard on the inside? cus mine always are
Is ThAt A sPlInTeR i SeE?? AHHHHHHHH
Garfield wants to know your location
my stepmom can't even make this right
Make tacos
Threefundo is now my new favourite way to say 350
I couldnt watch this because i was at school ;( still great video and luv u YSAC
You know what they call lasagna in italy?


Spoiler: Not lasagna.
Bonus points: Cream cheese instead of ricotta cheese is a very good decision
YSAC is 9 year old confirmed
Garfield would be proud
Your making hungry
chiki briki lasagna you mean ?
A bigger lasagna is definitely a better lasagna ; cause you get more of it. Garfield would approve.
You should do an episode on quinoa
♫ THICK LASAGNA ♫
♫ THICK LAGAGNA ♫
3 × Stacked Pizza × 3 = 4:20
Where is Pimblokto? He returned but hasn't been in any of the vids...
Looks thicc
Also know as yellow demonic symbol lasagna
Lasagna is spaghetti flavored cake
Feta is da best cheese
Uneffective. Made tacos
The thick level of 3 - is that thiccc with three Cs ?
Was that loss at 2:28
Got to go get to work on my noodle spice rack.
The lasagna stack falling over really got me for some reason 😆
Thicc lasagna, thicc lasagna, look at flat series their crying for their mama!
This kinda reminds me of the joy of painting with bob Ross
This is italian tiramisu. 






Oh wait
WTF D: Lasagna is made with Besciamella (milk, butter, flour) and not with Ricotta cheese.
Anyone else see the wangjangle acronym
Dude i loved the moral at the end amd im defo doing this tomorrow
I want sooooooong 😭😭
He’s alive
Was that a a sock joke?
There wasn't a song at the end...
I was fooled.
but.... why didn't you wangjangle it.....
Also known as mmmmMmMMMMMM'
what
Put an onion in the lasagna to make it have infinite layers.
Bruh
No white sauce?
Pewdiepie wants to know your location
“and also with you”
BAHAHAHA
I long for your clickbait.  ;)
Video says add red red wiiiinnnneee... but the recipe doesn’t.
10/10 italian hentai
you missed the pun house of carbs
Those sock straps weren’t hefty enough
Ricotta-less recipe?
not sure if anyone else noticed but at 1:36 is said wangjangle if you tak tehe first letter of every sentence
It's rock hard and dry! Damn what a shame. ⛏
Monster lasagna from Don't Starve
It just works
EPIC
does he need therapy? or do i? for watching this?
i made a bunk bed with no boil lasagna noodles and they snapped in the mid'le o' the night and now its like human lasangaaa
Good lasagna, good lasagna, YSAC made some good lasagna
T-Series ain’t nothing but a ____ lasagna.
Wonder if someone is eating a lasagna while watching this video.. Damn, now i also want some lasagna.
Lasagnalets, when will they ever learn
PEWDIEPIE WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION
Unsubed because I always thought he was a smart mart but he dares imply taller lasagna isn't better lasagna.
I’m so glad there’s a working definition for WANGJANGLE now.
Nothing was wrong.  Everything was perfect,  as usual. Made me laugh,  and helped me make Lasagna.
Why did you make taco meat for your lasagna? 4/10
Lasagna, also known as, Spaghetti cake
I love how every time he tastes something, even the finished lasagna, with the same thing, “damn that’s a damn good ect.” Hilarious
That "ok, byeeeeee" was decidedly Simone Giertz-esque. I'm ok with that. She does robots, you do food...but you're very similar.
Also known as HWUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
I saw the thumbnail and thought, oh that's a really big lasagna that looks kinda gross
WANGJANGLE
Also known as mmmmMMMMMM
1:36 aka wangjangle the heck out of it
How to mix= wangjangle
Im gonna save this video
Beefy.
:')
A lasagna
Bechamel
Mate your a little late for secretly showing your alliance with Pewdiepie
I forget Americans call pasta noodles. What do they call actual noodles?
You sunk my apparently buoyant lasagna
@ 1:35 I like to subliminal WANGJANGLE (First letter of each line)
As usual, BS will bring the house of cards down. 👍
Love the WangJangle acronym
Got angry when he said “whisk” instead of “wangjangle” but I was later satisfied with a nice acrostic poem.
I love lasagna! to go into details, I'm basically Garfield
Finally now my Garfield party will be awesome!
WANGJANGLE
What I learned from this video: I need better socks.
Your video says oven on 350 but your written directions say 370
"you sunk my apparently buoyant lasagna"
My friend tried a few mail order meal kits and the food arrives rotten every time
We cant figure out why, but now she just buys the stuff she needs at like Walmart or whatever
Garfeild has entered the chat
lol make a vegan version
2:30 was... was that Loss? Almost, maybe?
No song???
No béchamel sauce`?
Daddy
You can put a lot more stuff in there. Like meatballs, wurstel, black olives, salame, ham or cheese in the middle.
1:36 i see that you are a man of culture as well
honestly im still mad the lasagna wasnt 8 inches tall like the thumbnail lol
I like the Acronym for mixing you made there.
Anyone else notice it?
Hahah, you're awesome. Imma try out playing with the plates I have left over the next time I make lasagna! Just for fun.

Nice video, loved it!
What, no song at the end?!  I DEMAND A REFUND
4 hours and 110k views. Best YT channel to date.
Did you just say mix instead of wanjangle
I made some coleslaw with your recipe, took a mouthful of it and realised I don't like cabbage. Curse you for making it look so nice.
I WANT THIS IMMEDIATELY!!! 🤤
Just say "No" to no-boil lasagna noodles
Oops...I ended up making tacos
SOMEONE hasn't been too Mass in a few years! There are new responses. "Peace be with you" is now met with "And with your spirit"
Yo that's a nice acronym you got there.
The steps spelling Wangjangle😂
You van say it's a female dog lasagna







Im sorry
A power stone
I got bamboozled again
1:36 I see your message
The white queen shall use this
3:49 When he pull the toothpick and the cheese stick to it ......so satisfying....
LASAGA
Garfield enters the chat
That's amazing how you always amaze me with your creativity
“Thick garlic milk” comprises almost all cheese-laden American-Italian dishes lmao
Love it
HAH Jokes on you I clicked cuz it lasagna
came for the lasagna, stayed for the chance of more shots of those sock straps
Lasagna tried to kill my family, but I still appreciated this video
This came out when i was in italy my timing is great just like food
Hi I love this channel
Aka Garfield's artery clogger
Also known as bweeeeeeyouu
I clicked cause it looked delicious
In this video: American lasagna for filthy heretics.
someone make a lore pls
Why does your oven dial look like a washing machine
n-no song?
No outro song? My dissapointment is immeasurable
Hi
Mmmm Lazagna
Wangjangle <3
Anyone else eating a pop tart while watching this?
The top comment needs to be that WNAGJANGLE acronym. Seriously.
An Italian died for this.
But stacked lasagna is a damn good trick that makes up for it.
Sneaky WangJangle ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Binging with Babish + How to Basic = YSAC making lasaga
Of course the mixing instructions spelt out wang jangle.
Ey Jon where's the lasagna at?
2:56 is blessed
My thumb hurts from clicking on this so fast, but gonna push through and make this lasagna!! Yummmmmmmm!!!! Thanks YSAC
No song? I feel sad.
No biatch lasagna joke?
Wait so do you eat the lasagna cold?
Everytime I try to make lasagna it destroys my sock suspenders. Any advice?
Where’s the song at the end?
Small corrections that i moreally HAVE to say because i'm italian:

The sauce needs a "soffritto", meaning that together with the meat you should add a bit of oil and onions, carrots, celery and if you want it, garlic.
Also, you don't use cheese mix (maybe add a bit of it at the end or something, but it's not a main ingridient), you use
 bechamel which is a weird milk thingy that must be cooked separately
And finally it's not made with noodles but "pasta sfoglia"

Disclamer: this is just how we do it in Italy, if you prefear any other way, you do you. AND I'M GONNA COOK YOUR SOUL WITH MY PASTA
Why does he sound like jesse pinkman from breaking bad.
Lasajna
RICAHTA
no dogs and song = no like for you! come back one year!
Easy Cheesy Bitchy Lasagna
No song? Hmmmmm I don’t knoooooowwwwwwwww
Cheese is gross
From Binging with Babish to YSACYYTS.

Perfect
Wtf is mix?? The close cousin to wang-jangle?
Don’t judge a lasagna by its height only by its girth


🙏🏻amen.
WHEN IS THE FACE REVEAL
I cooked lasagna just last week! You're so late, my socks flew away without your instructions!
If you want a clean break on your pasta sheets you need to lightly score it before snapping.
Triggered in Italian
I missed the pepper, pepper, pepper.
No veggies?! I always make mine with traditional Italian red sauce with tons of veggies
HE´S BLONDE?!
lasagna is a sandwich given that it has noodles on the top and bottom layer
mmmmm...dem sock exposure...
I'm a recent vegan and you just killed me. I am a ghost now. Does that mean I can eat ghost lasagna made from ghost cows and not feel bad?
Pewdiepie said end the meme. Do you have no respect?
😬
3:51 did anyone else notice the hair and just stare like "please tell me he removed it"
I thought ysacyyts was the way to dominate in the kitchen. Doesnt make sense youd promote a company that clearly undermines your entire channel.
1:36 - WANGJANGLE 
What did he mean by this?
Word of advice just get Stouffer's lasagna it's ... Really good
b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b__ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!b_ lasagna!
“And resist the temptation to make tacos” hit me on a spiritual level.
Your Hello Fresh promo code doesn't work in the UK :(
Your videos are so inspiring.please  do make more 👍
I never thoughted I’d be this early!
TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY EE
Gordon Ramsay who?
"Easy, cheesy and beefy" that's what they called my girlfriend in highschool
Lol, shredded "Mozarella". That American Mozarella isn't anywhere near Mozarella.
I havent watch this channel for months, so is he never been a vegan or he just changed recently?
2:34 how many tries did that take.
I eat, Jon, its what I do.
An ad rather than a song? Boooo!
Disappointed that you didn’t tell us to wangjangle the ricotta
This is the trophy for ourself for running out of time to sub to pewds now we celebrate by eating a really good lasagna
Wheres the song?
this is actual sin, there's actually no riccota in a bechamel
actually tho the use of the knockoff bechamel and pre made sauce hurt me
It’s like a drops a video ever so often to make a couple bucks. I wonder how much he makes per video?
ricotta in a lasagna, what the hell?!?!? no no...NO
0:21 that's why all the girls be going for black guys now 😂
"Brown is the colour that has the most flavour"... Yeah, especially when it comes to women :D
oh no...
I must resist my italianness and not conform to the stereotype...
THAT.... DISH.... LOOKS.... T-ASSS-TY
GARFIELD WOULD WANT YOUR LOCATION
No Bechamel-sauce...
I am very disappointed!
Socks are so sexy 😂👌
Instructions unclear
Subscribed to pewdiepie instead
Bi#=@$ lasagna
I can still tell it’s you even when I read your description.
daaaaamn that's a good measuring cup
Great video as usual :)
The power stone worked best huh
WANGJANGLE
Looks like mega heart clog
I missed you ysac
I missed u dad
Wait why do the lasagne sheets have ridges
No end doggies. I am dissapoint. u_u
that doesn't look moist enough
wangjangle dad
HOW TO I KEEP THIS ORANGE CAT FROM COMING INTO MY HOUSE AND EATING MY LASAGNA? THIS IS A TIME SENSITIVE QUESTION SO PLEASE ANSWER QUICKLY
Was I the only one who's mouth was watering through the entire video?
man no dogs or music iun the end you low yours standars (joke nice video)
Every time you update my day gets 10 times better.
I thought this was Adam Raguesa’s lasagna video (coming soon apparently)
who told you my salami secrets
thanks for existing bud
Literally glad I found it
You are back!!!!!!! Nice to see you man
Mad respect for the noodle spice rack.
Heart chocked just from watchin . .
nice lasag
i'm starting to think you're the one who sucks at cooking
I didn't get serious enough with the ricotta. It ended up tasting like the elementary school lasagna.  Still delicious, yet somehow depressing.
NO DOG SONG?!?!?
I eat, Jon its what I do
I'm going to actually try this.
some people did something
Wangjangle
What no song at the end?!
Oh god, where's the end song and the doggy vid?!
Rip my socks
Its been soooooo long. I get so happy when I see my notifications
Spungbolble is coming
Y O U S U N K M Y A P P A R E N T L Y B U O Y A N T L A S A G N A
Lift up your hearts
YSAC: we lift them up to the Lasagna
I know the language you speak.
Pimblokto would have liked this
you missed your chance to use b*tch lasagna in this video
Also known as mmmmmmMMMMMMMM
iS tHiS a biTCH LASAGNA?
No outro song?
I love your videos 😂😂
T-series got nothing on a
God I miss Pimblokto!!
1:33 did anyone else see the wangjangle at the left side.
0:24 now we now wich human to eat first
Why was there no song at the end? What about the album?
3:49 THERES HAIR IN YOYR LASAGNA NOOO
That's bitchest lasagna I have ever seen <3
Hey just wondering, when you gonna make the next part of the egg series? Love your vids as always
Béchamel my friend, Béchamel...
so no song?
That was the perfect clickbait thumbnail
3:03 Made me jumped
Yaaaas get the sponsorship
Bi!(# lasagna
1:36 finally learned what wangjangle stands for
Bobs or vegana, which ever will it be?
I love me some pasta brownies. I was really hoping for the triple decker extra layers version, but alas it was click bait.
Mama Magalione's !
I'm vegan what the fcuk am I doing here
I eat, Jon. It's what I do.
Finally, a fine lasagna which is not soaked in rain
Where is my musical input???? Did that pinblocto son of a rudder kidnap you again?
Mama Maglione
Short lasagna and tall lasagna are the same to me, I can't eat them either way :'(
Where is the pepto bismol
i think i love you
You’re hot.
I had this lasagna when I was in Venice, I don’t know what that old Italian man did. He could of sacrificed newborns for it and I wouldn’t care. It was the best thing I’ve ever eaten.
Pewdiepie wants to know your location
i think i broke my straps..
Hello Fresh is actually good. Sometimes it's a bit too complex for me though.
The thumbnail is a T H I C C lasagna.
Why you no wangjangle ricotta!?!?!?

WHO ARE YOU?
That measuring cup looks damn good
"and with your spirit."
Someone hasn't been to church in years.
That 'organizational system' was hilarious. Also, buoyant lasanga...buoyanga if you will...


What's that? You won't? k.
3 fundo lol
2:30 is this a loss meme in 2019?
Thanks! I could never figure out how to place the noodles. I really appreciate that.
I missed you
Easy, cheesey, beefy, cover girl.
Aight Imma go buy these ingredients now god damn
WANG JANGLE
okay but why are his hands so red in this video
Also known as the italian meat cake
It irritates me when people call pasta, noodles.
no song?
DUDE! Lasagna Sandwich!
thank
i learned a spiritual lesson watching this
Great video! I always love to see new videos from you, they always make me smile and wanna cook for once :D

Is "You suck at everything" still available anywhere?
i see lasagna 
i click like
should of added some parm into that ricto mixture!!!
He said whisk
WHISK
what happened to wangjangle? 
No song at the end
:(
Also known as upload more please
no mushrooms? what is this blasphemy!
This is pretty good lasagna. BUT THE ANGRY ITALIANS DIDN'T SHOW UP YET.
I never tried to do them with ricotta...
b i t c h l a s a g n a
Dude, that looks truly awesome. ♥.♥
When Americans make lasagne... a kick in my meatballs, ur still super funny though
Is this video able to be seen in India?
I M HUNGRY.
i kinda wanted him to force an egg into the recipe so we could see the egg detective series again
Instructions unclear: ended up summoning Pewdiepie in my kitchen.
Yum
2:29 is this loss or am I just paranoid
I've liked you since episode1 man, but the pasta not being par-cooked ? "no-boil" noodles I take it ?
I felt thought the video like you kinda made a ghetto Baked Ziti , not lasagna.

Also , first episode without a charmingly cheesy song ?
Where was my Italian intro ahhhhhhhh
Good morning, I hope you have a great day and/or night.
I feel like I've stumbled upon the Casually Explained of cooking
He hasn't played the YSAC intro ever since the recent Pimblokto arc.
"Coat one side of your parchment paper with bacon and then coat the other side of your parchment paper with pan."


Bob's AKA Jim's Daughter Trudy's AKA Tammy's Friend - 2019
This video is perfect for u if u:

a) like bacon
b) love bacon
c) adore bacon
d) live for bacon
e) think bacon is good
f) think bacon is perfect
"....if there's kids in the house don't use the front burner, thank you."
Wow so wholesome.
I find it weird that all of the listed methods are actually viable. Also that the advice about not throwing the excess grease down the drain is actually unironically good advice. I feel like I DID learn how to cook something new!

This is not what I expected when I subbed based on previous videos, weird flex but ok?
First Chef I ever worked for told me, "they call bacon, bacon, because you bake it."  The man is a legend.
The undo may be on three seventy fundo but we dont have an intro.
Hey! I enjoy wangjangling and am Tammy's dad's daughter! Perfect!

There are SO many amazing uses for bacon grease.
This video had a unusual amount of wholesomeness and actual straightforward safety tips. Dope.
I saw one of your vids a year ago and I've been trying to find your channel. Today was the day I completed a year long goal.
Please, please, please release all the end video songs separate in a playlist? I really want to listen to these end songs while doing other things. They're more catchy than anything else I've heard before.
The world needs a YSAC spotify playlist with all your songs
For the Trudy Method : take the whole slab of bacon and cut it into like 4 pieces so when cooked they end up bite-size.  This makes it easier to stir and cook more evenly.
Simple, informative, there's a puppy, 10/10.
Wangjangle is now a common phrase used in our kitchen.
YSAC and Bill Wurtz have a similar energy in their vids
Man he really does suck at cooking
You forgot the 6th way of cooking bacon, which is to grill your foot with a George Foreman grill.
Mom and Dad: do you want to be a musician or a chef?


YSAC: yes!
Wangjangled bacon is the best, I tried it and it was perfect!
Thanks for the recipes! Really helpful!
The real highlights of these videos are the dog montages at the end.
why is this video actually helpful? I didn't come here to actually learn a good way to cook bacon.
That was way funnier than I expected! Thank you! :)
Watching you use that pair of exposed metal tongs on that nonstick skillet made me cringe
Keto frosting 😂. I know my crispy bacon is sufficiently done when my smoke detector goes off 🥓
Best channel on YT. Thank you for existing
You're lucky you have an impulse control, I would have reflexively poured the bacon grease into the gas tank
I'm pescetarian but i clicked on this video because: 
a.) For the commentary 
b.) The dog music video at the end
Perfect Video





Just like how I like my bacon
Yes, I do love “Wangjangling”
Thank you for this. 
A) I love bacon [chewy bacon for life] 
B) I'm writing a prank war between two spies so I needed that brilliant idea~
The duet outro really butters my corn
Woah...That's the first time I've heard a female voice during an outro
Your my favorite cook! Ever! Love yea!   370 fundo
Wow. Awesome. Thank you for nice job. I can try it for my job 😘😘😘
Damn I love your dog so much, even more than my cat
When are you going on that duet tour? Seriously digging the accompaniment on the ending theme.
I do it on a cookie sheet without the parchment paper. I bake in a preheated ondo at 400°F for 12-15 mins (my bottom rack cooks faster). I do two cookie sheets at the same time, switching them halfway through. Each sheet holds 1 lb of bacon.

Then I let the bacon cool on paper towels while draining the bacon grease through a coffee filter and strainer into a ceramic jar I keep in the fridge.  I use that grease for all my cast iron cooking.

I wrap the bacon (extra crispy) in groups of three or four strips using a double layer of tinfoil. I keep them in the fridge. I always have a single serving of perfectly cooked bacon any time I want it (usually for sandwiches or crumbling into other recipes). If I want it hot, I just heat it in the tinfoil using the toaster oven for a couple minutes, but usually I just eat it cold.
If you like baking bacon. 

Do you like cooking cookies? 🤔
Doggo catching snow,
Favorite Outro Ever!!!
you are oven baked bacon, you are perfect YSAC <3.
"Keto frosting" got me so bad! 😄
I love how all of these videos are legit cooking advice/recipes just told in a more realistic way than Food Network.

I'm actually going to try baking bacon.
thanks for making my day😊👏👏
You should do a ysac live stream special
I used to open my friend, Timmy's gas tank whose real name was Jason, but you guys dont know that, and i want it to be a secret, and pull down my left-over cooking oil because i hate him really much.
He complained alot about how his car was always hot and jumbly, as a good friend, of course, i never told him i was the real reason behind it.
One time, Jason..i mean Timmy's dad, Mr.Robbinson, whose real name was Mr.fucker, i'm not gonna tell you guys that i actually can't recall his name, and gonna keep it a secret, checked Timmy's car's gas tank.
He said "Ah jeez, someone must have had pulling prank upon you lately son. Your car was in the garage most of the time, and thats the only place where the prank could be pulled without noticed. Only people who's near you can do this."
I, of course, didn't know what he said and keep pulling the prank cuz fuck you Jason.
Later on, i got discovered and 'd been fined a heavy sum of 500$, plus 1500$ with whatever reason i can't recall anymore (something to do with Timmy's health and safety)
This story, of course, was entirely fictional. And based on the way why grammar were used so badly, you should have stop'd readin' already.
Thank you for your time reading this, you have wasted it.
I do love wangjangling, so I think I'll give the trudy method a try
You can also do it the civilized way, on a george foreman grill
"Eat it the way Jesus intended - extra greasy" LMAO!!
"and turns into Keto frosting"
HUUURLL
Wish I could love this but I'm a vegan hahaaaaaaa. Puppy is the cutest though!!!
Can you please do more recipes that won’t clog my arteries
you need to cook bacon?!
i eat them raw
Particle vs wave, with bacon, with bacon duet = your best video EVAH.
This video was just as Jesus intended it.  Perfect
I totally agree with you here. I used to cook my bacon using the Classic Pan Flip method, but I stumbled upon the Baking method while just exploring new things to keep my kitchen life spicy. I'm never going back.
me: yo pass the aux cord
friend: you better not play trash
me: 3:48
friend holding back tears : nice
I don't eat bacon but I'm always present for YSAC.
“However many minutes you think is good for cooking bacon”

Very informative
I want to get a t-shirt that says 
May the Wangjangler be with you!...
you should upload these songs standalone because people are uploading them alone anyway and i wanna listen to them on loop :)
I love this channel and I'm super happy that I'm not crazy for always baking my bacon
No micheal Scott burned foot reference?





I’m disappointed ☹️
HEY..
you don’t boil the bacon because 
BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING!
Hey, I have a LAZER BEAM BOX!!!
Ah, another great song by-

ohmygodaduet-
Never Ending story. Dragons make good pets. Scruffy but happy. Love sticks as well.
This was under "Pets - Topic" in Youtube recommended.
THAT OUTRO MAN.
i feel like something is missing and i feel empty

yes

there's no intro. where's the intro, YSAC?
where is it?
I know every method of cooking 🥓 
I’m here for the entertainment and smiles ysac brings to my day😄 thank you for all your hard work you put into your videos! 🙏
Very informative video. Highly recommend
thanks for that pro tip at the end about the gas tank

gonna go give my ex a bacon surprise now, hope she loves it ;)
Had to blow the intro budget on the the backup singer.
Can we just get an album of all the end songs? I would 100% listen to it and, well, get hungry
Tammy and Bob.

Someone's into Bob's Burgers.

Or just a strange coincidence 😆
the sound effects for the list sound like hitting the tennis ball in mii resort
Always...always...ALWAYS BAKE YOUR BACON!
I absolutely love this channel. It's just good through and through.
Baking Crispy Bacon is REALLY GOOD, AND SUPER UNDERRATED
when your videos aren't long enough so you have to make a song at the end.
I swear, you need a proper cooking show on TV!
I love how it said 
Random letter)like bacon
He uploads on a Wednesday, wait, that's illegal.
You should do a collaboration with food wishes with John, that would be amazing
We back and pan cook our bacon. GET THAT GOOD CRISP
i love this humor. coat the other side of the parchment with your pan lol
Warning when using the laser beam box:

I put a bacon strip and a small plate in there and the plate wound up shattering.
He left the extra 4 seconds of black screen in because it only takes 4 seconds of looking away to burn your bacon
Time to put 2 tablespoons in my gas tank
Thanks for the tip ysac
I really appreciate the Recipe list in the description because the strange lingo used in the video confused me a bit. Thanks!
DOG!!! DOG!!! DDDDOOOOOGGGGGG!!!!!😦
this channel elevates the status of
a) humanity
b) youtube
c) adequate chefs
d) all of the above w/ pepper pepper pepper
“Now coat the other side in pan” I died
Getting some strong Albert Hammond Jr. vibes from that song, when's the single releasing?
this was prob the best video ive watched in a while...wow
Wow! Straight to the video.


This feels weird...
Im glad i came across this about 3 years ago;)keep on making them great vids bro;)
It’s funny that you did that whole “don’t put bacon grease down the drain thing” because I have been getting letter from my water district that someone in the neighborhood is pouring oil down the drain.
Dat physics joke was Flashy.
HEH? HEH??
That happy outdoor dog ooo boyyyy!  And a cute song.
22 likes for the bacon/terrier vid !
How did you know that I like bacon?!
I love you bro. Thanks for making your videos.
"Which was showed to me by my friend Trudy whose name I change to protect her identity it's actually Tammy" 😂
I can't believe I actually enjoyed this video.
YSAC: You can put up to 2 tablespoons of bacon grease into the gas tank of a car

Me: Wow really?

YSAC: ...of someone you don’t like.
i love your channel and im so glad i found it randomly cause it makes my day better
Jesus christ this is like the most creative YouTube channel ever I hope u get ur own cooking show
This only covers 0.00002 percent of the ways to cook bacon
Thank you! I've seen too many people dump bacon grease down the drain and they never listen.
Oh god, you've ruined me. I was watching somebody else cooking on YT and when they started to stir their food, immediately, in my head, I said they were wangjangling their food. And I was completely serious about it, like that was the word for what they were doing. Had to pause the video and think about my life up to this point.
This end up as my new "how to basic"...kinda "more civilized"
Me (A vegetarian): sees video. immediately clicks on it.
You know what you should do? Collab with Bill Wurtz.
lattice yo bacon and grill. i'm so pleased Marisoul
He’s not weird enough. My soul hurts.
I was disappointed not seeing an april fools video from you. Seemed like the perfect thing for your style of videos! I wanted it so bad. There’s always next year i guess.
That ending with the dog running freely calms myself and decrease my anxiety and depression thank you
we need your outros on spotify
Method 2 is saving me loads of time in the morning
I coated the wrong side of the parchment paper with bacon. Set the kitchen on fire. 10/10 would bake again.
I am so mad at myself for not making this channel. I have burned every type of food imaginable. My family refers to me as "high heat Hanna. FYI I use the Trudy method on high heat. Love your channel
MICROWAVES DON'T USE LASERS! THEY USE MAGIC! I FORGIVE YOU BECAUSE OF THE CUTE DOGGO!
i like your comedic timing [and even this song] at x1.75
You really did a beautiful job on this one! 👌❤
The prodigal video. The one that was promised. For YSAC so loved the world he sent a video about bacon to save us all.
I didnt realize how empty my life has truly been up until i found this fantastic instructional video on gourmet bacon.
I watched all your videos
dO i sTiLl sUcK aT c00K1Ng?
any real cook...will say...i cook my sheets of bacon on the flat grill before my shift.
I swear to God you're the guy from "hypocrite in a hippy crypt." your music, voice, etc. All sound like one of the singer/guitar players.
Came for the bacon, subscribed for the soundtrack.
Dude you blew my mind. Like I was flabbergasted so I'm pretty sure that means you owe me breakfast.
Pro tip: save your bacon grease and fry eggs with it.
I still don't know if I watch these vids for the recipes or the songs and dogs at the end, but either way it's a win
i dont even eat bacon... im just here for the commentary...

edit: also music and dog
...since bacon is both a particle and a wave, does that mean that it's light?
You forget to play roblox with BACON hair
Thumbs up for “wang-jangle it”. 👍🏼
When you wish smell-o-vision was a thing
That dealie- bob on your faucet is interesting. Mel.
No april fools im disappointed
Gotta love the bonus jingo after the video 🎵🎶🎵🎶😊
Gah I love your videos XD best part of my life
This was actually informative?
I love the no intro video. Just right into it. Thank you
when's the album dropping?
Convenient use of bacon given I don't like people with cars
Imma surprise my dad with the baked bacon in the morning!
hmmm, this bacon doesn’t look much like bread.

that is a bit concerning, since bread is youtube’s future.
The answer I choose is D I love 🥓 🥓 🥓 begging Emoji 🥓
Life hack: 
Make toast
Make fry bacon
Put bacon on toast
Eat bacon and bacon toast
Quality content here. Came for bacon stayed for the dog/bacon song. Subscribed
I’ll be here when you go completely viral man
Cook a pound of bacon and split it with your son. Love bacon. Love keto. Love your humor.😁
Better yet, have the son cook it, I suck at cooking.
The spoon carving blisters are real dude D:
For making this video about bacon I'm going to watch you every time you upload a new video
I just nuke bacon with a inverter microwave. you can formulate just how crispy you want your bacon to be with experimenting then flop n drop in the micro! I can't think of any downside doing it this way
I really like that this video had a lot of actual cooking advice 😍 I'd been missing that
This is my new favourite channel
I cook bacon with a heat gun while standing on my head
I literally just paused the video to go throw a whole package of bacon into the oven :p
Mel. I do believe you could easily afford a microwave/ lazer beamer now.
YSAT: You can also put up to 2 tablespoons of bacon grease into the gas tank of a car of someone you really really really don't like.
Me: POLICE POLICE POLICE
All the recipes were fake but except the last one pouring two table spoon of bacon oil into someones car(the last was legit) because



Revenge tastes good.
Crispy bacon Squad
Bacon in dehydrator tastes pretty good to but is a completely different texture
The answer was I like bacon for all the choices
Can I substitute bacon with nothing??
This is now my favourite youtube channel
Method 6 the Michael Scott 
- place uncooked bacon a George Forman grill before you go to bed 
- when you wake up plug it in then go back to sleep
-wake up to fresh bacon 





- step on George Forman grill and burn your foot
gasp a girl sang!! 😲
great song! is trudy/tammy singing back up vocals
Remember my grandmother u said u loved my grams she passed away but u made me laugh thank you
music wise this is the catchiest song yet i think.

 i think bean dip is my favorite lyrics though
I pick:
G All of the above for each one
Baked bacon is the best. Don't change my mind.
My body was ready for this.
The description really helps me! I had to recheck if I had the ingredients necessary!
this is the best video ive ever seen
I loved the fact that he considered the fact of burning the bacon more relevant than burning the house itself!! lol.
And of course .... all the options come in handy for bacon lovers!
It's sad how binging with babish took off so quickly when you've always had higher quality content.
Oh shit, I've put bacon grease in someones car but I liked him.
My favorite thing about this video is that you apparently speak so well and clearly that the automated captions catch everything until the end song
Pls use English captions I like those :()
This guy is the Sam O'nella of cooking 😅
The outro song is something I legit would listen to on a Sunday morning after a long night of crying myself to sleep.
Came for the video, subscribed for the song.
When I bake bacon, I put it on a wire (like, cookie cooling) rack on top of the baking pan. That way, the grease drips off and I don't have to dry them on paper towels (and thus can eat them faster)
4 strips in the oven pppfff amateur
That last minute of footage is the most wholesome thing i've ever watched
I am vegetarian but I am watching this video for the laughs
That looks like Fry's dog from Futurama on the saddest episode in the universe.
When is the YSAC album dropping?
Good video.  I appreciated the bacon fat salad dressing recipe, but  I gave it a thumbs up for the pupper at the end.
the wow bacon

This comment was sponsored by vat19
See, I was gonna go watch Netflix while I ate, but then I saw you made a Bacon video. Decision made.
Air fryer bacon will change your life.
L A S E R  B E A M  B O X
Grill, how did he miss grill, it's better than baking
When using the oven method, drizzle maple syrup, salt, and pepper over the strips before baking.
Never stop cooking that bacon inside of my heart ♥♫
You should upload your music to Spotify
This channel was the only thing that got me through really long nights of pain.  I feel like I've been here for such a long time  and have enjoyed watching it grow to 1.6mil  I've enjoyed all of your videos. But mostly I just want to let you know you brighten my day and your videos have helped me get through a lot of hard times and for that I thank you. I look forward to watching your channel continue to grow and keep up the good work.
Hint - take the bacon out just before it's done.  It continues cooking while you put it on the plate.
"Eat it the way Jesus intended"   Perfect!
The best and fastest way, deep fried in pork lard.
Dooogggies in the end really makes me happy, every single time!!!
Can you put the salad dressing recipe in the description so i can screen shot that bad boy? K thanks.
the song was exceptionally good on this one.
Hey, whether you read this or not, I love your content. I found you randomly last year and you gave me some good laughs and smiles. Thank you and keep doing what you do <3
I know the “Trudy” method as Boy Scout bacon
FACE REVEAL!??!?!??!?!?!??!?!?!?!
I don't suck at cooking.
I choose not eat swine
You sound like Marc Bolan from T. Rex in the ending song
damn you're like the cooking version of bob ross
I believe you live in the north eastern United States.
My mom bakes bacon. Changed my life.
L A S E R B E A M   B O X
Thanks for the "don't let you kids burn themselves with hot grease" PSA. Good man.
I mean, I do watch these videos for the recipes and the jokes, but for some reason, what I'm truly here for is that PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. Every time.
For April fool's you should've made a serious super complicated cooking video
Help I now have bacon grease in my pan and I can’t dispose of it
How to find out if YSAC guy lives near you:

Scour all the local coffee houses for a flyer asking to take video of your dog playing outside somewhere.

If you find a flyer, he is near.
4:20 I'm only subbed cause that blondie
"370 fundo".... Brah
Jesus said NOT TO EAT SWINE Lev. Chapter 11.
Are these songs on Spotify I hope? Or can I purchase them?
what if your vegetarian?
Omg you have no idea how helpful this is. A friend of mine fucked up by doing method 3 some time ago and I reccomened for him to watch you. Now he has a perfect video xD. Thanks really enjoyed it
Roses are red
Bacon is red
Poems are hard
Bacon
Gotta say, I just made some maple bourbon bacon in the oven this morning. Shit was cash money sonny.
i thought it was called microbake oven
don't stop cooking that bacon inside of my heart
This would be the perfect video to bring those adorable eggs back 😌
excellent humour and a dog vid at the end. you earned another sub.
Pan fry requires lots of flipping.
...what if I don't like bacon?
i'm just sad about american/canadian bacon. that isnt proper bacon lmao
Thank you so much for the Keto friendly frosting recipe!  I’ve been looking for a good recipe for months!
Ok sure YouTube put this under the dog topic
Anyone before 1 mil or trending?
You just got a new sub.
I watched for the bacon... I stayed for the puppers!
add flour and milk and make some bacon gravy. Do this only if 
a. you like delicious gravy
b. have flour and milk
c. like bacon
d. want to save the environment of wasting bacon grease
Thanks for the bacon tips chief.
Just cook your eggs with the bacon fat, then eat the bacon while cooking the eggs and make new bacon once the eggs are done.
and repeat.
Sign me up for bonus wangjangling.
1:06 is that the sound when you pull out your phone in fortnite
Heat box is the best
Also where the hell was the intro?!
I'm with Trudy. It's not unevenly cooked; you just need more bacon than you used. It boils in its own grease, which moderates the temperature. But it is a lot of work.
Now I want to WangJangle so much 🤗🤗 ..Quantum Fatty Nirvana
Keto frosting. XD Bestacon Bacon Vidacon on the YouBacon on the Baconet. Bacon.
I heard bacon


ive been summoned
Hey
I like bacon
:O
-Laser beam box

Niceee.....
i eat massive amounts if spaghetti
The bacon was really bad until you got to baking bacon

That was perfect bake bacon

Pink parts are bad bacon
ALWAYS SAVE THE BACON GREASE. I REPEAT, ALWAYS SAVE THE BACON GREASE

You can literally use it to cook anything: green beans, chicken, shrimp, onions and peppers, and an infinite array of other dishes.
When you're following a cooking tutorial and end up committing murder for some bacon.
“And also perfect and also satisfactory” skips to an ad
Come for the cooking tips, stay for the dog and/or stick videos.
Peeped that duality joke✨
this dog reminds me of the luck dragon.
I do a mix of 1 and 2
When's he going to professionally start making music :3
i wonder if u make the videos for the songs or do the songs for the videos...
Bakin the bacon in the undoh is the shizzle. Yeah it still splatters grease everywhere, but close the door and viola- no rangetop mess🥓🥓
Yaaaay! I bake my bacon and more people need to know about this! Credit to my roommate because he's where I learned that.
The best not real cooking show ever.
Thank you for the confirmation of  pouring said bacon grease in the car of someone I don't like.........  allegedly.
I like the lil use the back burner tip
It just sounded nice to meh
Make more egg series videos! You left it on a cliffhanger.
I like to wrap my bacon around my exhaust pipe and let my car run for about 5-10 min
I wish I could cook like you dude.. seems like a bit much though, I mean, heat is pretty dangerous! Cooking is a bit too scary probably... 

Leave it to the experts; like that guy at the gas station and random bins that smell tasty
We cook bacon and bake cookies we need to switch their names
Hey, where is the intro ??? So disappointed
I'm jangling my wang as we speak!
That was perfection.
Baking bacon is my favorite method and its easy clean up 🥓
"Keto-Frosting", ugh oh god, lol
comes for the bacon instructions, stays for the doggo video and sick song
+REPECT im a BACON LOVER!!!  🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓🥓
You're trending!! 👏👏👏
Actually, if you completely dissolve the bacon grease in soap, and turn on the garbage disposal, it is perfectly safe to put it down the drain.
Can you make a SAUSAGE cooking video
Best Youtuber
instructions unclear: Burnt all bagels
this was very informative
Now I really want to bake my bacon
The recipes in the description are the best
But like... what if I love bacon? What should I do?
"You Suck At Cooking"
Why, thanks for the emotional support!
I want more 



Every like I will add another "I want more"
BACON
OH
BACON
YOU
MAKIN'
ME
SHAKIN'
The running dog sure makes me happy
I'm....im actually glad there wasnt an intro






I'm sorry
Who's the girl in the outro? Is it your roommate you had on a while back?
i like the part of the video when he cooked bacon
I will beat someone to death with my wangjangler if they throw microwave bacon around me
Love laughing early in the morning!
WHERE IS THE INTRO
Are you Sam O'nella academy
Is that YSAC on outro song or am i listening to MGMT?
I'm big into chewy, meaty bacon as opposed to crispy myself. I'm weird, I know.
true bacon aficionados dip their bacon in maple syrup
Lili i so dearly hope you're well
Please, please, make that ending song into a full song
😂 how am I now finding you?!
Like em raw
How convenient. I'll be making the better breakfast meat today, sausages. This is perfect for whetting my appetite.
I'm a vegetarian but this still made my day
Can I buy that dog for $17
Step 1: Put bacon on EVERYTHING.
Step 2: ???
Step 3: Your life is perfect now.
This is jacksfilms for cooking
You did fake their names twice there.. 😂
I somehow unsubscribed at some point and YouTube recommended your video again, YouTube recommended finally working!
Dunuh duhhhhh dunuh duhhhhh dunuh duhhhhh FEEL LIKE BACON LOVE
Ok, this is a good video (that I like)
How do i cook bacon extremely crunchy
I was not told that I sucked even once during this video, so I demand my money back.
I try not to use the laser beam box very much.
I just cooked bacon for the first time in my life watching this vid
Am i the only who came here for the epic song at the end?
Time toget my bac on
OMG lit fam!
Keto frosting 😍😍 Finally I know a healthy alternative to put on my cupcakes! Thanks YSAC!
Times the word bacon is said in the video: 36
George Foreman grill
The Office
Anyone?
best advantage listing ever
I see there's still snow in Canada in April :P
On a wire rack in the toaster oven at 375 for 30min. while you watch the Price is Right
#44 on trending street
“Delicious Affair” = a 10/10 song for sure
First the blender, now your microwave. 
Your sister is a tyrant.
It’s check for me on everything because it’s bacon😋
Ysac is secretly hoping one day a record company will sign him.
3:27 That gave me mad anxiety ya don't even know
Vegans hate him! Find out how a single man caused one of the biggest controversial video on the internet!
and I'll subscribe now... I watch almost all... Oh god
No "make bacon soap"?
One can not buy happiness. But one can buy bacon - and is f-ing close
I fukin love this guy
Where can I buy his banger tracks lol
how r u gonna tell me how to cook bacon. taking the piss mate
All that bacon 🥓 and not one piece went to the dog. Poor thing just got a stick, a dried leaf, and snow.
You're awesome, dude.
Would a bacon baker make or break his bacon baking business if the baking of the bacon didn't make good bacon?
How's about a stuffed mushroom recipe...
I forgot I even subscribed to this channel
Keto frosting.  H a !
I ALWAYS cook my bacon in a sandwich press. it's quick, easy and doesn't make a big mess
WOW THIS WAS SO GOOD
Closer and closer to episode 100!!!!
Literary why does this not have more views
Kitchen hotbox 🥰🥰
I miss the 370 fundo
When your afraid that youll get a copyright strike so you call a cough microwave cough a lazer beam box
when one does speak bacon words he speaks the tongue of the gods.
when you wanna become a chef but enters music school
Ni🅱️🅱️a collect that grease cook and some burgers, eggs, or anything you could cook like that. Use it as the oil. Makes it taste a million times better.
CRAP!  I've been doing it wrong.  I've been putting it into the gas tank of a person I like.  But that does explain why our friendship seems so one sided. 😬
"Is it a coincidence that bacon that is both made of particles and looks like waves? I'd say yeah"
Heck you bro! how do you know if i suck at cooking? and stop being so meen!
YO






I just filled the strip flippyw flip
The best way to cook bacon is on a George foreman grill at the foot of your bed so you can wake up to the smell of freshly cooked bacon
From now I'm calling it laser beam box
I have a question. Can we still use method 5 if we prefer satisfactory bacon?
Be prepared to come back to this video every year or six months.
I love that dog!! 🥰❤️💕
i tried to do the baking bacon method but the greese went everywhere and now my mother is mad at me for making a mess.
Day 10 of commenting on every video I watch
I like a Bacon Press to make it crispy .
instruction unclear. accidently fry my own d*ck while still being attached to the body
Unfortunatly, i did not found any cooking method for me... I require high quality cooking method representing my need wich were not in any a,b,b1,b2,c and D choices still liked tought
The puppy in the end made me smile Pretty sure this is not a coincidence
You could also soak it up with bread 😋😋😁😁😁😁😋😋
So idk if your dog knows this but I love him
When you have the same kind of plates as a famous youtuber
Is ysac the same person as casually explained? I'm new here
I feel like you live somewhere in western Canada
It's funny how this guy givin' good tips and stuff and it's some sort of comedy at the same time.
Talk about serendipitous synchronicity...  I just cooked me up a pan of hot, crispy, sizzlelicious b-a-c-o-n, and then I discovered this video, mere minutes ago. Wow.  Not only is my gut sated, but now that thing resting atop my shoulders (that passes for a brain), is as well.  Plus, I also shared some tiny bits with my smol Schnauzer pal; I think she knew it wasn't Beggin' Strips.
0:04 is that you?
instructions unclear. car won't start
Best part of the video is when the shag carpet monster played gleefully to people singing about cooking bacon plays in the background. 5 stars
1) no intro song
2) PSA about not using the front burner with small kids
3) PSA about never ever pouring bacon grease down a sink

Someone must have gotten laid. (or had their prostate checked... really tough to tell the difference sometimes)
You're lucky noone got killed thanks to this video
Who actually makes this guy's recipes a lot
Try deep fried! 350°f drop it, flip as soon as it floats for straight strips. Cook checking 30-45 seconds it will cook fast drain on paper towel
I think this guy likes bacon, I think, not too sure
You're vids really cheer me up
Thanks bro
I laughed so hard at the duality of bacon lol
Overall, we like bacon
your dog makes my heart melt
Can we get the lyrics and chords for the song please thank you
Is that Tammy featured in the ED?
what happened to the intro :(
i need that song as my ring tone
The Trudy method tho. 🤯
What if you cook bacon with extremely hot bacon
Dude you’re hilarious!
THE INTRO
WH E RE IS THE INT RO
Firstly, yes, baking bacon is the best way to make bacon, and honestly the only way to make good bacon as far as I'm concerned. Secondly I will never stop loving your dogs. They are adorable
Lazer beam box
The ending songs on these remind me of Chowderman.
the intro...where’s it at ?!
forgot you uploaded
I've seen every video and cannot wait for more. Thanks for sharing
put a little brown sugar on that bacon before baking it!
bacon is the best thing ever
Is that Trudy and/or Tammy singing with you?
thumbed up for  the dog montage
Not even cooking just watching for pure entertainment
I feel this channel is just a music channel with the cooking as something extra at this point
Only the first clip and the inside oven are correct. If you cook bacon any other way in strips, you do not deserve bacon.
How I learned to cook bacon: cook bacon until bacon.
I heard that bacon grease can be used to make explosives
I LOVE WHEN THE END IS SONG + DOGS !!
I need a version for Turkey bacon
There was no intro! 
I. Am. SHOOKETH !





No? Dead meme? Ok.
You can also bake your bacon in some water in a glass pan and it gives the bacon really good texture and makes it taste better, but beware those who like crispy bacon.
How about some Pepper Pepper Pepper on that BACON!
This video has bacon, dogs, and a fun song. 30/10
There are too many ingredients for the even the easiest recipe.
When I was watching this and got to where he was talking about not flipping your bacon and said you’ll probably make this if your easily distracted I remembered I needed to do an essay and I was watching this video instead
I love you, Sir!
Are you acoustic trench
Actually helpful
Do it right. Use 2 pans on separate burners if you have too much bacon to cook.
Pro Tip from my mom: instead of parchment paper when you bake it, put the bacon on a cooling rack, which then sits in the pan. That way the grease drips down as it bakes and it has that great texture of baked bacon. :D
Please please please please please make more of these! I love them so much.
PLEASE MAKE AN ALBUM YOUR SONGS ARE INCREDIBLE
I have a question: why haven’t you been posting lately? You are my favorite channel an I got quite worried!
You're a true joy and inspiration
0:40 cured my depression
Also, cook without a shirt on.
Okay. What if I like my bacon burnt? What do I do then?
Filter out the bacon chucks in the grease by straining it though a paper towel. Then once its turned into the bacon yogurt, make suger cookies by substituting half the butter needed for the bacon grease.
Gold 😂👌🏽
Agreed, baking bacon is best.
Keto frosting 😂😂😂
Could you make a tutorial on how to make holy water?
Hah !  People like to watch people BEAT Others meat if ya know wat i mean
Bacon, boobs and Doge; This video is perfect!
There are better cookers than this guy. Lol he thought he was the best xd
I love to bake the  🥓.  I lay the strips on a cooling rack over a tray so that the excess grease drips on down.
I'm having a hard time getting your site on utube
What method do you recommend if you don't like bacon?
Was this legitimate cooking advice?
What if I don't like bacon?
0:38 This is what I would do if I mention someone in a video
I'm subscribin lmao laser beam box ctfu
When you have 4 packs of bacon that are about to expire
Do you throw it out?   NO
You capitalize
You're a comedic genius
Are you a music major or something?
Wangjangled bacon is a good way to make it
The dog is my favorite musician. what a pop icon
I messed up the first step.




Buy bacon.
The quantum mechanics reference thumbs up
The song at the end actually slaps
He's a part-time chef and part-time musician
Quality content
I like bacon as I like my jokes sbout bacon, extra crisp
Yes baked is best. Even better with a line of sugar and cayenne down the center of each strip. It stays moist but is so delicious.
I'm vegetarian, but I couldn't miss this.
I’m the person that likes their bacon almost burnt🙂
You had me at 'bacon'.
I really wish I liked that singing part in each video, so I could enjoy your content for longer, but ever since South Park hit me as a child, I hate singing people.
Better title:
5 ways to make your mouth water.
Finally I can stop causing grease fires in all of my apartments
Love your humor. (Edited portion starts here): instant subscriber here
Aside from all the bacon, the song at the end is the best part.
Eat it the way Jesus intended 😂  10/10 joke
Chaotic neutral
you cook bacon 
And you bake cookies ...
I'm watching this on a Friday in Lent. Don't tell my mom.
3:39 oh good I'll put some in my tank right now
I used to do my bacon on the pan.  Then about 5 years ago someone at work told me to try doing it in the oven.  I’ve been doing oven bacon since and I love it.
Your voice is strangely soothing
I got all I like bacon
You forgot air fried bacon. It's life changing.
I don't even like cooking . I don't cook. This is like my favourite YouTube channel ever tho
Hey man, I'm in year 12 of school in Australia and in the common room we have a toastie press, so how would you recommend I make bacon using that? I did so the other day and it was pretty decent but idk, if you have any suggestions they'd be appreciated :)
I need a play list
Two observations:
1) You didn't mention cutting bacon into smaller chunks before frying.
2) You mentioned how NOT to dispose of bacon fat, but not how to DO dispose of it.
...... there might have been once or twice I might've probably maybe unintentionally poured bacon grease down the drain........ Oops
"Is it a coincidence that bacon is both made of particles but shaped like a wave? I'd say, yeah." Ahahaha! Physics joke! Love it.
too many ingredients we used :(
Bakin bacon is the best
me: is a vegetarian
also me: watches this video from start to finish because i love ysac
HE UPLOADED!
If it doesn't crunch like a bag of chips, its not done enough.
love the vid and the pupper
i binge watched all your videos now am out... hock me up man i need more... oh no.. what have i become... i suck
Yay! Puppy!
My friend coach Steve, who is me, coach Steve, and your mom, Jay's mom
My mom would always tell me to use the front burner so I can get burnt and feel what it's like. Jokes on her, I already stuck my hand on a candle
That laser style speaks to the 90's kid in me
I luv ur videos so much
That song is the (bacon) jam
bruh moment
There's a special, extra hot, inner circle of hell meant for people who waste bacon grease.
Dude I love you so much
My life goal is to be as happy as that doggo with her stick.
No air fryer? Hmmm...
I need an album.
Freeze the bacon grease and use it as ice cubes for people you hate.
1:43 damn he actually got real for a second
could i pour the bacon grease down my own throat, or is that a myth too
I hope you're not Tammy's and Tammy's Dad's Daughter
Wear sunglasses unless you want to have cooking greese in your eye if you’re unlucky
Instructions not clear I burnt all my bacon :c
Bruv you can make music and i will listen to it.
I like bacon, so which method do I use?
Exurb1a of cooking
It's 2 A.M. What am I doing here?
Casually Explained... Is that you? Will anyone know what your true voice is?
Leviticus
Chapter 11:7 And the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you.

8 Of their flesh shall ye not eat, and their carcase shall ye not touch; they are unclean to you.

9 These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.

10 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you:

11 They shall be even an abomination unto you; ye shall not eat of their flesh, but ye shall have their carcases in abomination.

12 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an abomination unto you.

Isaiah
Chapter 66:15 For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his anger with fury, and his rebuke with flames of fire.

16 For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh: and the slain of the LORD shall be many.

17 They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in the midst, eating swine's flesh, and the abomination, and the mouse, shall be consumed together, saith the LORD.
bacon strips? wot?
Come for the cooking tips, stay for the dog
But what if you like bacon
ralph’s has peppered thick cut bacon and jalapeño thick cut bacon it’s crazy good
You are so funny!  I love sucking at cooking!
I do like wangjangling... But I prefer perfect bacon... Can I wangjangle an oven?
Better than epic meal time
How to make gnocchi?
face reveal?
will we ever get a full album of all the songs in these videos?
This is true comedy😂
I like smoking my bacon
0:36 Deserves a like for that
the dog was the best part of this video.  it would have been perfect had the dog also been eating bacon... and I was also eating bacon.
Nice little psa about the front burner lol
3:50, what camera and lense are you using?
You missed bacon fat fried bread - Mmmmmm...... The shove it all around method is one I use, but that's because I have had to fry around 5 lbs (2kg) of bacon at a time when I go camping with friends.
Bro, clean your onion knobs
Wangjangling lmfao I’m dead this dude is hilarious. U won a sub
You’re trending babe 💕
should be called 5 Ways to WORMS (pork has parasites, specifically pork tapeworm (Trichinosis))   please people...  don't harm yourselves by ingesting parasites just because something tastes good - it is not worth it!
Something seems off...
Yeaaaaaa
🥓🥓🥓!!!
He sounds like binging with babish
i miss the days were he used to spin a lemon on the forest haha  :p those were the days
I normally drink the bacon grease
Allah snackbar !!
Thought ysac was veggie? I was mistaken
No intro?!
Female vocals too now, nice
My god why is this so perfectly good
Baked bacon is heaven
The ending song sounds like a bootleg jack stauber song
This man is the friendliest man on the internet.
takes notes for the last bacon
the end song is a masterpiece
I start the vast majority of the meals I cook with pan-fried bacon for so many reasons: 
It's easy to peek at for artistic inspiration. 
I get to steal some of that hot and fresh grease for the other things I'm cooking. 
And it sings me a beautiful sizzle song for moral support.  
(It also makes your kitchen smell of motivation, but this is an unfortunate result of factory farming. The motivation that the pigs otherwise would've expressed in a more natural setting is left in and settles into the belly.)

I don't care how consistent the oven is, I can't enjoy cooking without a good sizzle song to keep me going!
im gonna buy and cook some bacon!
No grilling?
There was no intro. Does that mean I don't suck at cooking anymore?!
Jesus was Jewish and didn't eat pork!! 😂😂
You should do crab rangoon
Uhh, uhh, cast iron?!?!?
Save that bacon grease and cook all sorts of things in it.  Namely, amazing eggs and fantastic home fries
IMG lit fam!
good to know that you are still posting, been a fan for a while, and also this was posted on my birthday, so yay!
If you make the bacon in the oven i hear you can put brown sugar on top and it makes it sweet and sticky, i did it once and it was amazing
👏I👏Love👏Your👏videos👏
Love the oven method!
note to myself: don’t watch videos like this during lent
I came for the bacon and music video
wang jangling
I am vegetarian why am I watching this
That dog looks like Poppins
Never classic pan flip....don't know how I got here but I know that needed to be said....oven baked is the only way to bacon....
For some reason the song at the end strongly reminded me of the verses in Manic Monday.  Kept waiting for the chorus that never came.  Time to jump down an 80s rabbit hole.
1:05 phone sound from fortnite
I'm a vegetarian but I still loved the video
How much bacon did you need to buy for this
You have the exact same oven as me
I like strips
I'm a simple man, I see bacon, I eat bacon..
What are your thoughts on bacon bits?
Ingredients: bacon, bacon, bacon, bacon,, bacon, doggo.
i like to place bacon chopped in thirds on top of some frozen broccoli with a bit of montreal seasoning or the like.  cook for 30-40 minutes in the oven and everything soaks up into the broccoli.  it's so good.
What happens if I didn’t pick A B C or D
i have high blood pressure, but i want more BACON
This channel has become one for showing off a dog playing and various songs imo. Thats awesome. Cute dogs are always welcome.
More dog...
I'm down with wangjangling
1:05
I can smell this video. 😍😍😍
I subscribed
oh my god can you upload these song by themselves already??? am i the only one that really likes these outro songs??
No. To cook bacon in the oven you set the temperature at 400, but put the bacon in right away for 20 minutes
Make Bacon great again.
Like I said you make cooking really fun bc I do  actually do what you do
Robby sent me
How have you not done eggs yet
I like to eat bacon raw. It's the best.
instead of parchment paper try aluminum foil with wrinkles in it to pool the grease away from the bacon, and the edges turned up to keep the grease from spilling onto your pan so you dont have to wash it. this is assuming you dont have a wire rack to bake it on because I don't.
I have chronic anxiety give me sum likes
I cook it over a fire
Can you make a fish episode? :)
That tip about not using the front burner if you have kids in the house is incredibly important.
I love your dog music videos! I know I've said it before but I need you to understand!
I use the wangjangle method
This...this is monetized!!!!
Did not expect actual advice in this video
Microwaves do t use lasers they literally use microwaves
Best. Video. Ever!!!!!!!!
Imaginary Ambition :OO
I miss baking bacon with Bacon.
Undo on 370-fundo.
I think its better when you make shorter videos but post more, atleast thats what i think :)
your end song sounds like something off of Bob's Burgers, give Loren Buechard a call, he may have a job for you
Nice recipe
Im glad hes honest bc im gullible and id trust him if he said you could pour bacon grease down the drain with flour or put bacon grease in my car
i like bacon 🤤
You forgot the bacon press method.
His songs just NEED to be on the radio
Laser beam box
Came for the bacon, stayed for the dog.
what a good boy
Ur outta ideas brah
I can't eat pork lol
Wangjangle needs to be added to the dictionary
cute doggo bam boggo
Baking bacon is the best !
Try Döner next!
I have been baking bacon ever since I worked at Burger King back in 2010 because that is how they do it and there really is no better way to cook bacon!
3:09 who else has that glass
What about fried bacon?
Favorite youtube creator right here
you forgot to boil the bacon
Using the baking method allows you to cook huge 9x13 pans full of bacon all at once, instead of whatever small frying pans can get you.
Mmmmm, I need bacon now
I thought you were vegan
This man knows how to bake some bacon
Came for bacon, love the dog at the end
Is it just me or he doesn’t use special effect anymore?
I have the same pepper grinder
I honestly don't know why people cook bacon on a pan. Baking is 1 million times easier and better
Where's the introoooo?
Underrated.
Ysac’s content only gets better and better
Good boye got a stick!
Bacon, and a Dog.  Perfect.  Yiuvfirgot the ither bacon disposal method, to be used only occasionally, or everyday if you’re a hillbilly, likecme.  Bacon grease on Dog food for Dog.  They love it.
I cook my bacon over an open flame
pepper pepper pepper
i use method one on a daily basis for breakfast! but i think you might be going to hell for using the laser box for bacon.
Man this was funny 😂😂😂
Keto frosting XD
Ummm...where's the cat?
coming in with that real talk at 1:48
Why did it take you so long to make a bacon episode?
Jesus did not eat bacon or any pork.
My family saves bacon grease. My mom said it keeps snakes away bc pigs kill them?  Idk we put it outside lmao. We also use it to make gravy
this show reminds me of the show chowder . cooking, funny chowder sounding music , comedy gold
So it was Tammy! I KNEW IT!
I love soft and chewy bacon.
Where you been?
I love you but God damn it dude...
STOP EATING ANIMALS!!!
K I love you bye
I... I love bacon.
Бахти лудия
Thank you.  :)
I'm glad someone else recognizes how great baked bacon is. I won't cook it any other way.
You should seriously make songs
1:26 😂
I love how there is the Fortnite phone noise 1:33
I like my bacon every way you prepared it in this video plus every other way you can make and eat bacon ever
Are we all gonna ignore the fact that he sounds like binging with babish?
is this the kid friendly version of howtobasic
How to Basic
I’m sorry but I gotta do this

🎵❤️🎶You suck at cooking yeah you totally suck!🎵❤️🎶
Just imagine this in the amazing depressed voice YSAC has.
BACON 😏
Bacon is a verb now
Can you do bacan chicken
I just wanna wangjangle
Did you upload something and then delete it? Youtube said you had something new but its not in your videos...Sew Youtube for messing with Kathy's recipe!
I love you💋♥️
* shows videos of dog *  * sings about bacon *
What equipment do you use to make the short songs at the end? (amps, soundboards, etc..)
😂👍👍
I cant eat bacon or pork
😂😂😂
That's a great dog.
Are you my brother from another mother ? Or my sister from another mister? 🤔 sooo much in common. 🥴
What about cooking bacon when the pan is already super hot, making the fat cook much faster and also getting a much more even flavour? (NB This is to be done with Danish / European Bacon rather than American / Canadian Streaky).
Have you ever seen straight bacon
I enjoy bacon not at all
Fortnite phone sound affects
How is there always a different dog?
vegans have joined the chat
im so hungry right now
what one do i make if i don't like bacon
Oh come on, release an album already!
I’ve always poured the bacon grease down the sink 😳
Issac
I enjoy putting brown sugar and maple syrup over my baked bacon to caramelize it
Lmao
You forgot deep fried bacon - PERFECTION also forgot Costco’s pre cooked bacon also - PERFECTION but much easier. Don’t forget bacon wrapped bacon. Oh and bacon skewers. Ok make another video. Thanks.
Yo why do I watch this when I’m drunk and can’t drive I want bacon
Ysac always gets my thumbs up 👍
This is funny
1:26 dude teaches quantum mechanics while working bacon. Damn
What kind of dog?
No comments on back bacon? Disappoint...
I like the choice like bacon
Bacon weave method.
My grandma's dog looks just like yours and it made me think ur my grandma
Bacon in soouuuuuppppp!!!!!!
Real video starts at 3:40
I love the bacon at 3:49 ❤️
just came for the dog at the end
keto frosting... I... buh.... perfect
Now that you've baked bacon are you going to cook cookies?
I can't believe you didn't make pepper pepper pepper bacon!😮
Can I be his dog??
My dose of cute doggo
So where do u put the grease
Bakin bacon, bae can.
At 1:05 is that the fortnite busy emote notification sound?
I like this doggo action
BAC(on)
Why was it snowing
is your dogs name otis?
Your sister is awesome
Tell ur dog I said hi.
Is this a new camera?
Bacon is overrated, don't @ me.
Bacon weave.  Only way to go.
1:05 I heard that fortnite phone sound
Bacon and a dog music video. What more could anyone want? ❤️
I love bacon and I love the dog 💜
LOL
K E T O - F R O S T I N G
Please bring Pimblokto back????? Pleeeaaaassssseeeee
A laser that makes microwaves is called a maser
Pls make a video about pickles
Any bacon that isn't Australian, looks so weird???
Singing duet? Is that new?
Yeah uh this applies if you can't use pork right?
i feel like the whole point of this is just the end song :))
The outro sounds like a rentals song
This video has a lot of pop e c h o
This is all fine and good, but WTF is that that you are cooking?!  That is not bacon.  How can you call that bacon?!
Car lol
Wt if u aint a bacon eate
5 ways to bake on what?
I'm those people who love crispness and hate the uncooked parts, because you can't chew it or swallow it and it's disgusting... anyone else? 


P.S. if anyone knows ways to make your bacon crispy everywhere without those parts pls tell me
i’m a vegetarian but i’m still here
how much bacon was used?
I can smell it
Finally
Didn't even use the leftover bacon grease to cook eggs smh
love the bacon song!!
How do you prevent bacon grease from getting all over inside your oven?
I only watch these videos in hope that the dog is in the ending
I love the Ron's Showtime Rotisserie infomercial reference but bacon is so gross it is so gross
Is bacon a fruit
you forgot the ascended method of making bacon.
deep fry. you like crispy bacon? No, look at me. look into my eyes. Do you like CRISPY bacon? deep fat fry.
wangjangling
I am Muslim ThIs Is DeStUrBInG
Does anybody know what kind of dog that is at the end? It looks like my old dog but I never found out what mix she was.
No pork on my fork
Name is tamy and dad name is bob
His Dog is so Cute! What's her name?
Bacoooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
1:05 is that the fortnite creative phone sound
I pour the excess grease into a soup can.  When the can is full, I heat it in a pot of water and then pour into a glass jar. It goes into the fridge and I use it for cooking.
I worked my way through college as a cook. (That's where people go after high school for you) I actually cooked more bacon than you will ever eat. I became an Aerospace engineer ( those are people who make things that fly...) and I really appreciate pithy humor but I wish little dipshits like you would get jobs. How did our ancestors ever make it without your videos?
wait a second, did i hear a new singer?
88th episode about bacon, bwahahahhahahahaha
I love bacon
do deviled eggs
You used the fortnite creative sound for the Letters
You gotta fry some eggs in that excess bacon fat
Hi
BACON
If you pour it down the drain with cold water running, you won’t have blockage.
Yes mor
😂😂
Inb4trending
What about eating turkey bacon
I don’t have a laser beam box will a microwave work?
i Don't even eat bacon,why i am watching this
Fantastic
Straight in on the words
Where can i get a lazer beam box?
this dude is od
Why have I not discovered this channel earlier? YouTube PUT ALL HIS VIDEOS IN OUR RECCOMENDED.
Do you foster dogs?
Or pour the grease into a jar and use it to grease the pan when making eggs
Thanks
Oven alllll day!
Use duck bacon.
I'm vegetarian, just watching it because of you
that keto frosting though...
Jesus was Jewish so I don't know if he intended to be eating bacon at all.
A duet?
:44 the Trudy method who’s name I used to cover up but her name is Tammy
Did you eat all bacon or share?
Hi Randi
Yeeeeeees more vids pleez like sushi
This has changed my life... Ive always just pan frizzled my bacons. Today, I baked my bacon. Seriously. The absolute best thing thats ever happened to me in all my life. How have I not had baked bacon before? Why didnt I even think about it? Its delicious! Absofuckinglutely delicious.
Song name?
You ruined your bacon when baking it !!
Awesome dog.  🐕
Why did the first set of bacon look like thumbs
You forgot to mention how to slaughter the pig for the delicious bacon
i like those fortnite cues
A) save the bacon grease because ...
B) there's no point in making beans without it.
Bakeon
bacon pancakes, cook bacon, rip it up and add to the batter, grease pan with bacon fat that you just poured out of the pan.
best scramble eggs, cook them with the pan greased with bacon fat. or just pour some of the fat over the top.
Why bringing Jesus into it?
He said "the way jesus would like it".....the bible instructed its followers not to eat any form of pig .-.
Really funny. Loved it! Thanks.
Where pimblokto at?
Instruction not clear. Burned down my entire kitchen.
Save your bacon grease to cook with please don’t throw it out that’s sacrilege
How did you make a video about bacon and not talk about candied bacon (aka just baking your bacon except you drown the bacon in brown sugar first). Candied bacon is a godsend I'll have you know
What brand of bacon is the oven one?
I thought the bacon would actually have faces like the eggs and then there would be a part with bacon and eggs talking to each other. Just me? Ok
I want to have a doggy so bad!!!
This is sexually pleasing
Too less bacon and no guns. Must be some kind of tricky communist propaganda. At least some wangjangling.
cool
Is this HowtoBasics cooking channel?
what is that song at the end called?
Yo your so funny
Did u eat all that bacon?
Stayed for the bacon, liked for the dog.
*haram
Sucks if you currently live in a country where pork is hard to come by.
Lol
I don't even like bacon
How many dogs do you have dude?
Daily dose of internet ???
Colab with binging with babish
bacon
그러나
What about hungover bacon
Forgot the Water method
Listen at 1:05 doesn’t that noise sound like when you open up a creative phone in fortnite
Who's dad is this
bake on
whysack
What about the bacon press?
COOL
afraid of flipping? I grab it with my fingers and flip it with my bare hand.
Yummy
Wow
Baking bacon is so fucking awesome I wont cook it any other way now
I like the little detail that he said "the way jesus intended" and not god, lmao
Mmm bacon. Good dog
Bacon!
Wish i could eat bacon so i can make bacon so i can wangjangle because god i love wangjangling.
Who is the female voice in the end song? That's new.
Babish is that u?
I like bacon
We bake our bacon too, except we use foil and crumple it first so it catches the grease!
Why is this song a bop
No u
If you have a fire going, It's always fun to pour the bacon grease onto the fire. It will look like a fire geyser.
How many dogs do you have???
3:48 what is this song called?
Mmmm bacon
I really like the songs at the end of each video. Especially this one. I wish there was a way I could have this on my playlist or something.
How many dogs do you have? They seem like they are always different.
I don’t like bacon. Why am I watching this?
i like to sandwich bacon in paper towel then cook it in the microwave until it is almost burns, then immediately remove the bacon from the paper towel while burning my fingers in bacon grease. then let the bacon sit for a minute or two. ULTRA CRISPY BACON ACHIEVED!
I can't put my finger on it - but there was something that was just not kosher about that video.
Don’t tell me how to make bacon
I never ate bacon and I’m 17 yrs old
i prefer turkey bacon. and also not having fun
Pupper! :D
I thought you died.
So cool
I'm a vegetarian, so naturally, I came here for the dogs and the music.
Some people eat ...................... Intestines
When you said satisfactory did you mean the game or something else
What does the bacon grease in the gas tank do
What if you don’t like yourself?, “Puts bacon grease in oil chamber”.
" who's name I changed to protect her identity, it's actually Tammy who learned it from her dad, Jim, whose name is Bob" 
ok
WHY IS THIS IN THE PET SECTION OF YOUTUBE-
I am a Dane.
I eat some of the best bacon the world has to offer, on a regular basis.

Watching your microwave and oven blast bacon was painful. Please don't encourage others with such awful suggestions.
mmm bacon
I like lasers....😐
My mom has a precious family story about bacon. Back in yon olden golden days of the 70s, when folks still saved all their old bacon grease in the fridge for cooking, she reached into the fridge one morning for the OJ and grabbed the tall glass of yellowish, pulpy juice right next to the actual OJ and took a big-ass swig right out of the glass. A big-ass swig of glorious bacon fat. Hilarity ensued.
Okay I boil my bacon in 1-2 inch of water until the water evaporates and fry the bacon in its rendered out fat. Is that weird?
I have a question YSAC. Will you ever show your face
I only like bacon if its nuked. The burnt the better.
satisfying on so many levels, omg just like bacon... high art ysac effort. but who sung the female counter in the outro?
What? My baking thing can't go that high, dang, why does it only go to 250°C :( 
If I used °F it could go higher, stupid EU
Dogi
I only watch your videos for your cute animals
Also, ALWAYS save your bacon fat!! Store in the freezer or fridge depending how fast you need to consume pig fat. Makes everything so yummy! Also i highsly recommend when cooking eggs, use a bit of bacon fat and a bit of coconut oil together in the pan. Live and learn folks. Yum
More dog. And is this video kosher?
Where does this guy get all these different dogs?
I am guilty of spilling fat and oil after frying into the sink...
I bake bacon
Love the vids but also love that dog
I hate bacon
what if i hate wangjangling but love fanangling and can't stand stirring or flipping
yes but have you considered deep frying bacon? it's the crispiest. really good if you cook it in bacon fat. it's like bacon bacon.
Yeah but American bacon looks and tastes like shit. Aussie bacon is way better.
This channel needs to be changed to he sucks at singing
And here i am a muslim drooling and googling nearest bacon shop. But realize the butcher gives you death glare with a knife  when you ask them about it .
The "WangJangling Trudy Method" is a very well-known and commonly used method of cooking bacon were I grew-up!. In fact, we did not even really have a specific name for it?... We just simply called it "Cooking Bacon!" But the baking method is also my favorite as well.
Bacon is not actually pig right? It can be chicken right?
Did Trudy/Tammy have a kid and ruin your friendship too?
cook veggies in your bacon fat => instantly addictive veggies
What is a spoon? Don’t you mean wangjangler?
People who save bacon fat in the fridge to cook eggs and things with UNITE
Every Muslims should watch this
Deep Fried bacon is awsime
You have the brain of a 5 year old.
I made a bet with myself that there would be no wang-jangling in this video. Now I have to wear a sandwich board in public for a week that reads, "I'M A FAT BABY".  Dammit.
So many things about this video. Bacon, a dog being a good boy and some good advice.
You forgot the take it to the beach and don't put sunscreen on method.
Sorry. I’m asian. The bacon grease goes on my rice
These methods are a bit too complex. Can I just eat it out of the pack?
I'm going to share this video with my Muslim friends !!
I  put grease in the garbage can  and let the dog lick the pan. He loves it and no grease in drain.
Does anyone know what kind of breed that cute dog is? :D
We either would pour the hot grease on our weeds OR we would pour it in a bowl, stick it in the fridge and when it solidified, we would give each of our dogs one tablespoon each mixed in with their dog food dinner. Vet said it helps keep their coats shiny. Just don’t pour it on the dogs. No.
1:25 wow my quantum mechanics class was actually worth something. For me to understand this :D
I'm addicted to caramel bacon and scrambled eggs. Make it in a pan, fry bacon on one side, flip, cover in honey and wait till honey is caramelized. Make scrambled eggs but just barely cook it so it's still gooey on the inside. Salt + Pepper this shit is godlike.
i wanna try bace bacon. Sounds good for a lazy and easily distracted person
I always throw fat down the sink, so what?
Mmmmmmmmmmm. b a c o n
We monch da bacon. Doggo monch da snow.
Use bacon fat to pop popcorn. Just do it. Don't ask. A little bit of heaven from the pig gods.🥓🐖🐷🐽
Another way to enjoy bacon is to eat it raw, yes raw. Many people think you can’t eat bacon raw but you can – because it is cured therefor isn’t raw. If you can’t eat raw bacon are you can’t eat  salami
Best way is to dice the bacon, add rice, chopped red and green bell peppers, chopped onion, some vinegar, salt, pepper and more bacon. Serve to yourself middle finger to everyone else, bon appetite
Let me suck your toes, funny man.
You can also pan bake bacon then scoop the fat off into a container to use for frying eggs. Do it, it's life changing
why is your voice so goddamn attractive im going to jump off a bridge now
Please no please help me read this thing? I'll give you some time to want that....... Dot-dot........ No ma'am yum yum yum yum no I'm not can you show cool so salty so salty
Awesome video man! I have a small channel and I would love to make videos like You! Any tips?
Am I stupid or is the dog different every time
What if you turn the bacon fat into a bread spread?
I'm a muslim but I want to try bacon so bad-
Dogs doing stuff in woods is the new girls jumping on trampolines
No u
For real, no front burners with little kids in the house
Why do people find this funny
What’s a “spoon”
It's funny because Jesus didn't intend to eat bacon because he's Jewish.
best way to soak up bacon grease:
with toast.
after it has cooled down. get some Pumpernickel or German / Libaneese Blackbread. spred it on and top it with fried Onion an pickles.
*muslims left the chat*
I like fatty chewy bacon
You overcooked it in every method. So much flavor is in the fat and you pour it into a jar?
How come the dog has to eat snow? I mean the video was about bacon, seems only fair to reward the dog with bacons. >_>
What type of dog do you have
Save the bacon fat!!!!!   You will NEVER EVER EVER have better french fries than fries cooked in bacon fat.
Another use for bacon grease: strain through sieve into a jar use for frying eggs (keep in fridge)
wtf american bacon looks so weird aussie bacon is way better
I grease my pan with bacon grease when I make an omelette/fried egg
My mom will be making something using the back burner and I will wanna make something but I need her to do it because I have a huge fear of the front burner because they are the quick boil ones and she always try’s to get me to use the front burner
Hipster comedy is ruining society
Why eat pork?
not funny.
Cold open.
”5 ways to bacon”
using a paper towel to soak up grease is such a waste of delicious fat
cancer.  dont eat bacon.
.
You forgot grilling bacon. Baking bacon is pretty superior but once you’ve GRILLED bacon? And get that Smokey flavor as God himself intended? Your eyes. Open.
Mmmmmmmmmm...piggy butts 😋
D
I just watched this and I don't even like bacon. 🤔
Baking Bacon is the best...No really it is. And if you save the grease in the fridge you can add a bit to a pan with yous eggs an get the flavor of bacon with not really having bacon or you can add bacon grease to your biscuits and get bacon flavored biscuits, yummmmm. Really good. And you can stimulate your dog's appetite by adding some melted bacon grease to their food as a treat, don't do this all the time as he will come to expect it and when you stop, he'll dislike you immensely and maybe stop eating for a couple days, but he will never trust you completely again. Remember just as a treat.
Use your bacon fat for fatbread (ger: Fettbrot). Take a slice of bread, put it in the pan with the fat while still hot, fry the bread crispy on both side. Bum. Fatbread. BEST THING EVER. For breakfast. Brunches. Lunches. Liner and diner and all in between snack times.
You missed other ways of getting rid of the bacon fat..... save it and use it for cooking things like hamburgers, eggs, yeah, those things.... and your dog might like a little bit on his dry dog food for flavor.
Personally, I boil my bacon.
not normally a fan of bacon but i do love me some oven baked bacon, pan fried is good if you use the grease afterwards, such as using it for dirty eggs or potatoes
What!? No! No, no, no! 
Don't throw bacon fat away, dudes. 
Save it. Put it on your puppies food, if he isn't eating. 
Fry eggs and potatoes with it. 
Or put it in refried beans 👌❤
E
E
Im unsubbing. Heres the reason. Its the music. Im dead serious. Not every video needs a ridiculous song dude. Your videos used to be so great and once in a while youd toss in a tune and that was okay. They were actually catchy and appreciated and well thought out. Now that you do them every time you post a video......Its ridiculous thats all I have to say.
Instructions unclear bacon is now in the gas tank of my car.
The best way to despose of unwanted oil is to take a clean glass jar with a lid that you would've gotten rid of anyway and just pour all the left over oil you've ever had into that jar before it becomes frosting, then when the jar is filled you put the lid on tight and put it in the bin so it won't leak all over your rubbish and make everything gross when you have to change your bin bags.
I'm super allergic to anything that comes from a pig, I don't know why I am watching this
I love you
A: Make gravy with that bacon grease!
2: Bring back the cat!
Cooking anything in the microwave is now classified as the 8th deadly sin
No no no no no no get a qt sheet and a standing rack preferably stackable layer bacon across  NO PARCHMENT PAPER set oven to 325 degrees bake 45 minutes remove from oven remove bacon to plate or container allow fat in sheet to cool pour into glass jar for frying eggs ham hamburgers macaroni salad pasta sauce  etc anything that will become better in bacon ...dude you suck and throw the broke microwave at your sisters head and tell her recycle her own trash
Jesus didn’t eat bacon and it is forbidden in the bible, just thought I’d let you know that little fun fact. Just being a smart ass no disrespect to you. Have a great day
Growing up my dad would make his own version of brunch (before it was a thing) where he would make bacon and then cut up some potatoes to make fries and cook them in the bacon grease, you can also do this with frozen French fries as well-also awesome to throw some chicken nuggets or sausage patties in there as well, also fry some eggs. Then he’d cook up some biscuits from scratch or a can and make breakfast sandwiches with lunch fries and nuggets. Bacon grease just makes everything taste better.
I'll be bakin' my bacon while booty shakin', and fakin' leaf rakin'.
Don't be freakin'!
Protip: Use extra bacon grease to cook the perfect fried egg...
UwU very nice
It both has waves and particles. That one just flew by unnoticed by lotts of commentors.
You forgot just one thing, you can use the bacon fat as a replacement to butter :p
The Trudy method is what I use!🤷🏾‍♀️😂
2 out of 3 of my favorite things; bacon and slo-mo dogs 🥓🐕 If you had included champagne, video would have been perfect 🍾🥂 Cheers 💖
You should create merch that says wang jangling
I feel discomfort because there’s no intro..
INTRO???????????????????????????????????????????????????????
You ever thing about making a sound track about all of your food songs?
This butter have a Kevin Bacon joke in it
Damn, these songs are so consistently awesome!
if only the songs were longer
What do you do with the grease?
Can’t believe there’s no intro
The real question here is : how many dogs does he have?
hilarious XD
Okey tomorrow i will buy bacon
wow YSAC actually being careful...people spoke of this day many years ago...many thought it would never come, here it is, and i’m glad i’m here to see it
Is your last name summers?
Can make candles with the fat
the subtle "made of particles but shaped like a wave" joke is something i got but im sure went over MANY peoples heads
The video should be called "I'm condescending"
Regarding disposal of the grease, you don't need to try to pour it in a jar and possibly make a bigger mess.  You can just take your pan outside, and dump the grease into the grass, or flowerbeds.  It'll double as plant fertilizer.  Of course, wait till it's cooled down to do this, don't pour it onto plants while it's hot.
No intro?
bacon was harmed during the production of this video
I see dogger, I like.
I missed you!!!! Btw what happened to d intro??
I’m too high
Edit one: when he saying that baking the bacon is good and satisfactory he saying how like the bake in bake isn’t the bac in bacon
Take your cat for a haircut you absolute madlad.
So, we no longer suck at cooking?
You said you are vegetarian
I love wangjangling!
Hey man I've got another method for you my grandma in Ohio used to coat bacon with flour then cook it we used to call it fat bacon.
I love you, Bacon
So you are actually back
why do we bake cookies but cook bacon?
I can smell bacon rn, is that normal?
Being stupid is really clever
How do you get rid of bacon geese?
Turns out, I like Wangjangling. Who knew?
who's the girl in the song?😏😏
Put the bacon grease in a jar and put it in your fridge, then use it later to fry up less greasy things like eggs or hashbrowns
Whoever doesn’t soak up the excess grease with paper towel know that your sick in the head
3:48 ysac: I wake up in the morning
Me immediately: SINKING HALF WAY TO THE BOTTOM, THERE'S A LOUD DISTORTED SCREAMING IN MY SOUL...
Throughout this video all I heard was popping noises 😂
This "satisfactory" moment made me cringe
This is a little TOO informative for me
Why didnt you make my favorite, crunch crunchy bacon, leave bacon in microwave for 15 minutes and then eat the hard charcoal remains
Great stuff as always.
Ik it's been a while but pls finish the egg series I wanna know what happens!!
There is only one true way to cook bacon and that’s in the air fryer
I love your vids
holy shit he has the same crappy wood carving knife as me
I love you
I hate baked bacon. Pan fry is the best way. Baked bacon makes it feel like paper and reminds me of church camp where they mass produce bacon for everyone
Clicked so fast I got finger whiplash
Is that word "wangjangling" trade marked?
Bacon grease also keeps well in the fridge in a jar and you can substitute it for butter or vegetable oil for a little extra bacon-y-ness! =D
Ok, but roasted over an open fire?
I like bacon
bacon sucks
Awesome video as always! What breed of dog is that at the end?
140 people of a particular religious belief disliked this
I love how the dog keeps missing the snow chunks but keeps going for them anyway
Damn I wish I was in the making of this video... just to help clean up the leftover bacon lol.
Yes to baked bacon! I place bacon in a cold oven and heat to 400* for 20 minutes. Bacon magic.
Wait, don't empty it in the drain? seriously ?
Nothing makes me quite as excited as seeing a new post from this channel
I was gonna be mad if you didn't do the baking method
Plot twist:  the Dads name is Ted
Disagree on the baking method. Should be bacon in the oven, put the undo on four hundo, flip when the undo is done preheating, extract when it's done cooking.
Makin bacon pancakes
oh heck yeah
I like to use some of the excess bacon grease to cook green beans and put the bacon in the green beans after and pair it with salmon or steak <3
Who else likes bacon with honey
Still no autograph
Pigs are smarter than dogs so that's cool.
New house??!   Very clean, modern kitchen.   (Are you going Hollywood on us?) (-_-;)
Ummm yeah i agree
I just ate bacon
You bet your ass I enjoy my bacon very chewy and only cooked for a minute. I'm kind of crazy.
You forgot the ultimate method of cooking bacon you once used in a past video. Using the sun’s heat. It has a surface temperature of 5505 Celsius. Just leave it out side on a plate if you like extra extra crispy bacon.
But what if she is Trudy????
I love bacon, and I love this man. Perfect video.
Say hi to Tammy, Trudy, Bill and Bob for me!
Hey so where is the intro
Dog clips are the best..
PSA
NEVER. POUR. IT. DOWN. THE. DRAIN.








EVER.
what if i don't like bacon?
this... this is what i watch at 3Am on a school day apparently.
I like bacon as much as I like myself, and that's uuuuuh not a lot lmao
B) Love WangJangling
Undo on three seventy fundo
So wtf do I do with the oil.
I'm gonna munch, I'm gonna crunch
RE LOLOOLOLLL JSUS
This video just gave me the kick in the ass I needed to go do some wangjangling in my laser beam box... with bacon, of course.  Thanks, Trudy whose real name is Tammy.
Baking bacon is better than boiling.
Bacon sucks

Yeah, I can take the hate
Damn..I have the sudden urge to cook a puound... hilarious...love the gratuitous terrier video at the end... Dogs rule!!!!!
your voice is snnoying
Thx for the real talk
Imma try bakin my bacon
You deserve all of the subscribers.
Thank you for making a video on the one true god.
Songs at the end with pupper montages are the best.
Me and my mom Trudy love to wangjangle in our kinda small pan so the second method is a definitely a winner
Love the Video. Maybe my favorite in a long time.
My hungry ass thought the thumbnail was bacon
I love how he is secretly a music youtuber
I'm making bacon today at food studies
love your uploads
Wheres the intro!!!
Bacon is best raw
Lol in class I should have thought of that
Real men eat raw bacon
I like ur videos but I also really like pigs so D:
April fools
Yeet! BACON
Laser beam box
Why no into, something felt off but i couldn’t put my finger on it till now
I’m now going to cook all these then take a bacon vote
I think this guy sucks at cooking
Satisfactory? that reminds me to go play the game more.
This is probably one of the best outro songs so far, right next to bean/beet/chip dip.
K E T O  F R O S T I N G
The absolute madman.
Where... where’s the intro? I’m heartbroken!💔
WHERES THE INTRO
Anybody else get serious MGMT vibes from that outro song? 


Clearly we figured out what happened to them, they went on to make a sick ass cooking channel.
“Set the und-oh to three seventy fundo”
Strain bacon grease through a paper towel or coffee filter, then use it to cook whatever needs grease/oil. Now all your food will have delicious bacon flavor!
I love you. You are my dad now.
Also add cooking it under the grill of the oven as it’s a great method to cook lots of bacon at once
Bruh what do you do in your free time
How many dogs do you have? I feel like I see a different one every time.
KETO FROSTING
Yay I'm late
Boy that's one handsome dog
AHHHH NO INTRO
This video reminded me that I haven't eaten bacon in months. Not cause I'm vegan or even vegetarian. It's cause I'm poor... :'(
Why am I watching this if I don't like bacon?
All of the above
A ysac vid on my bday! Yay!!!
studies show that 99% of people missed when he sings "Never stop cooking that bacon inside of my heart" at the end. 
which was a hilarious line. 
until I wrote it down.
Don't stop cooking that bacon inside of my heart <3, unless the is a nearby onion
Wait, you hand carved that spoon for that two second cut!?  You crazy.
apirl fools? joke on you i dont know how to cook bacon right....wait am i the joke?
its a good day when you upload
You forgot the most important one for putting the bacon in food. Cutting the bacon into small bits and then cook it
Turkey bacon is better than regular bacon.
Please make this outro into a full lenght song
I prefer the Michael Scott method
THANK FOR THE PUPPER MUSIC VIDEO
Man I’d donate for you to get a newer laser beam box
Hilarious
YES
It’s my birthday and I get a bacon vid. Best gift ever 😂
D. Like Bacon!
It has been slipping my mind till now.. but now I understand the secret of ur passion n enthusiasm.. it's the puppies... 🐱🐶🐺
Honestly that no flip method is pretty great
I pour my excess bacon grease through a sieve into a small jar and use in place of oil or butter for pan frying or for roux. Stores in the fridge a couple months and can up the meaty flavor of a dish or side.
Bacon
All American guide in one video
Lol episode 88 is about bacon, classy.
For the lazy one 

G ) like food poisoning
P U P P Y !!
This was just a Lazer Beam Box ad...
This channel is why youtube is invented
You just wanted to eat bacon, didn't you?
Well, I don't blame you, it's delicious.
This is a great birthday present
He gave some actual good advice I thought pouring bacon grease down someone you dont like was a myth
the hardest bacon to bacon
         -the pink stripes
I love you
That stick is dirty, doggie! T_T
DADDY
cute dawg
I don't like bacon
Bakin bacon use a cooking/wire rack so it doesnt boil in the juice and actually bakes
No u
Now you should do a show about the different types of bacon and how they are all terrible except for regular bacon.
Or you could save the bacon fat and use it to cook yellow squash and scallions. So good.
Tip for baking bacon. If you really want to get everything out of them, then soak the fat with breadslices after the bacon is done and then bake the breadslices in the oven for 10min. That way you dont have to deal with the fat anymore ;D (It is totally unhealthy but tasts too good to be true)
My roommates and I use ASL for “bacon” instead of “beautiful” 🤩
oven-cooked bacon actually changed my life.
Bake the bacon on a wire rack instead of the parchment paper and most of the grease drips off
bacon you eat raw, just salt it
Nice dog boi ♤
Perfect👌
hAPPIEST DOGGO>
If you dont pour it in the drain how DO you dispose of the bacon grease
We missed you, fam.
Baking bacon is the best.
B A C O N
When you're making a bacon sandwich, there is no excess grease ...... instead of putting filthy butter on the bread like a total heathen, dip the inside surfaces of the sliced roll in the pan to soak up the bacon fat before sandwiching your slightly crispy bacon inbetween. Now that, my friend, is perfection.
you can't really freez bread
how many dogs do you have
This guy is the reason why tasty got out of business
Why didn’t you tell me I suck at cooking today?
The musicccc
These original jams you produce are kicka$$ ! Also after thouroughly enjoying your oven cooked bacon and draining the fat off. There are these incredible little gatherings of salty amazingness that can be peeled from the parchment... try eating it once and tell me there is not a use for this magic in the culinary world !!!
Anyone know what actually happens if you put 2 tbsp of bacon fat in a car's gas tank?
Kali.
Used to watch for funny videos, now watch for original songs and happy dogs
are the A B C D E sounds are from fortnite creative?
1:05
Most original and underrated videos on YouTube.
Can we get a video where you attempt to cook with an ingredient you've never heard of?
Bacon bacon bacon!
You can also use the bacon grease to make some awesome amazing super duper refried beans. Seriously tho, really good beans. Lol
That outro is actually beautiful.
I like how there is no intro because no one can possibly suck at cooking bacon no matter how bad they are
missed the chance to bacon bacon bacon the tomatoe sandwich
Something's missing....someone didn't tell me that I suck at cooking!
I enjoy a good ol wangjangle
My god, I thought you were gona cook the doggo
thats one crusty oven
0:52 mom does it this way
Why no stroopwaffles
How do you make pancakes
Mmm bacon
I can get out of bed now.
Why am I watching this? I dont eat bacon?
Jesus is a Jew, so he wouldn’t eat bacon?
It's not just perfect, it's SATISFACTORY.
I broil my bacon. It's like the baking method, but with a flip thrown in there and more precise timing necessary.
Yes! Baked bacon is best bacon!

Unless you're someone who prefers another method, in which case that's cool too.
NUMBER 6: FRY YOUR BACON IN PEANUT OIL AND PUT ON TOP A CHEESEBURGER.
Fried, baked, microwaved and grilled bacon all taste slightly different. You'll notice it a lot more with unsmoked bacon. Try em all and see which you prefer
No intro = no view
C if you like to wangjangle
Also, you can pop popcorn in bacon fat and basically get crack
I put bacon on a rack set inside a half sheet pan and place it in a cold oven then turn the oven to 375 (low and slow). Never tried putting it in a hot oven to see if the time it takes to Bac is any different  P P P
A guy named Project Farm on YouTube tries putting bacon grease in a lawnmower. Turned out a pretty great idea
Best music video intro ever.
I love you
Oven Carbonara
Love the end when you sina and we see the beutyiful dogs
His dog is such a dog's doggy doggo dog, I like him :)
You’re out of ideas.
I hate bacon
I put the bacon Grease in my pancakes it  gives it more flavor ;-;
I have subscribed to this channel for a year but I have one question where dose he get all these dogs from
I think you can’t suck at cooking in this episode because it’s bacon and you can’t suck at making it. All bacon is still good.
Why am I watching this when I am vegeterian
My good man,you should make an album. Comedy or legit but we need it 😁
Hi.
Bye.
Brilliant.  Wicked great content.
The level of genius here  💯
Face reveal at episode 100?
God, I love this guy...
This is a delayed april fools video
I’m so jealous of the girl who got to collaborate with him. Let me make a song with you 😩😩😩
I wanna become like you. I really do.
"Keto frosting for your almond flour cupcakes" NO, bad YSAC, gross! 😂
I'm not a betting man but I bet the dog also likes bacon.
Yasss
Put the bacon grease in your homemade donuts.
Where is fire method?
Why do I feel like this is a different dog.
 Do you have two dogs?
Or in your dog food!
What kind of doggo. My German Shepherd needs a friend and those doggos are so nice.
You can also use bacon fat as a stand in for Crisco. Personal opinion warning: I think bacon fat makes the best pie crust. Just kidding, that’s not an opinion, that’s a fact.
Please, NO MORE DOGS. I came here to learn how to not suck at cooking, not to watch insipid videos of an animal that would ACTUALLY BE FOOD in other countries.
Or... you could cook the animal on a spit and let us watch! ;)
Wat. Oven method is wrong.

Put the bacon directly on the RACK of the oven.
But the baking sheet underneath to catch the grease as it drips.
Finish cooking. Let rest and crisp up while grease drips off
Literally perfect bacon
Why am I watching this I'm trying 2 be vegan oh right becouse ur halarious
I don't like bacon


Also, no intro = not okey
Omg the song at the end of this won totally beat the Grammy award winning Beet Dip song haha 🤣
Save your bacon grease. Great for cooking. I use it for eggs.
Keto frosting 🤣
Spoon carving is fun
Before using the bake method, sprinkle some brown sugar on both sides of each cut of bacon
I just realized every time I put pepper on something I always say pepper pepper pepper
I enjoyed the video even though im a vegetarian
I like my bacon burnt
What is that song at the end?
Oooooooooh they’res a girls vocals in the background. Someone has a special someone. 😉
I don’t even eat meat but I’m here for the humor
The Trudy method is probably the best one for evenly uneven crisp and fat bacon.
I give mix the bacon grease into my dogs dry food..... they love it!!! Haha
I put the bacon fat in my own car because I have myself
I like to play the game where my wife tells me not to pour it down the drain but I just look at her...smile..and pour it anyway.

Good times
And there's the reason to un sub
Sorry for saying this but if you’re dog dies what animal will you put at the end
Turn your garbage disposal on and run Cold water, it will solidify the grease and chop it into tiny chunks
My mother use the microwave a lot for bacon... It's bad
He's hired on another singer? 
Man, the production value of this channel just keeps rising, kinda like my dough. Which is scaring me. It shows no signs of stopping. Help.
Bakin bacon is the best. I bake mine on a rack with a pan underneath so the drippings aren’t soaking the bacon. Perfect texture!
i think i have heard this once before , well  invited the GRIMM REAPER OVER FOR 365 days and he denied coming over PROBABLY BC HE SHE SHIMS had to ask GRAMMY FIRST BC THE KNOWS WHO I AM xxx +++ *))    8999  ..
Hah! I totally caught that "is light a particle or a wave" joke!
Do you post your songs anywhere? The song you made at the end is awesome lol. Do a full version!!!
I do the baking method but I put them on a cooling rack and then on my parchment and then my pan. They get super crispy and do that dissolve thing in ur mouth.
Doggos to these videos are like a cherry on top of a sundae, perfect.
Throw that dog some bacon, man. Geez.
I'm drooling, it's 12 am.
1:42 has some serious advice that I really appreciate
This channel still uploads
0:29 thought you said "pain" instead of "pan"
wow, its meat on your channel for once :D
\m/
Such a happy doggo :3
we need more cat footage
Right, so biskvis confirmed?
Sounds like Aimee Mann doing harmonies at the end
That doggo looks like my old doggo and now I'm sad...
Watching your dog on the video reminds me of Falkor. The dog on Never Ending Story.
81.928th!!! xd great vid
btw
This was like a multiple choice test that I hadn't studied for.
You can use bacon grease as fire starter. Also if you’re careful and quick you can use a grill to cook your bacon, all the grease is burned off automatically.
Love bacon. Love happy dog video even MORE!
Hey Tammy




I meant Trudy
Dude where's the intro?
Eeeeh i use drano to clear away the bacon fat from my sink pipe.
I sure do love Wangjangling.
I don’t like bacon but for you I will eat it
Guys we don't suck at cooking anymore
I am blessed to get this on my birthday
You forgot my personal favourite method and the only one I know.  Burn them till they're black because your scared you'll undercooked them
Haha once you were done, I wondered, 'how is this 5 minutes?'     Duh! Slo-mo dog!
I think the Trudy/Tammy's dad method is the every dad method.
Salad dressing ingredients: bacon
A duet, awesome!
You're like how to basic with a lot less Hate
I like bacon.
I use my bacon leftover liquid gold for making popcorn or cooking eggs on cast iron
Pro tip: if you bake the bacon on a metal cooking rack instead of Parchment you get really clean bacon grease
Hmmmm. Baconnnnnnnn.








Nothing more to add.
Yes finnaly a bacon episode
Does YSAC have a Spotify account for his music?
What happens to a car if you do it ? Xd
Woah a second voice, that’s not YSAC’s voice a second time
You keep the bacon grease in the pan for the next cooking session so you have an excuse to not clean the pan.
Here for the doggo at the end
THE.DOG.YESSSSSSSS
I don't like bacon lel
Ummmm, intro?
Baking bacon has always been my favorite method because I'm a gigantic baby that hates being spattered with nuclear hot grease. I always do it at 425 for 10  minutes on aluminum foil though. The only issue is if you don't time it perfect you get little strips of foul tasting carbon instead of bacon. Great for those carbon-eating health weirdos but pretty awful for normal humans.
are all you kitchen appliances actually you sister's?
But how do I get rid of grease then?!?!
So I can't dispose the bacon grease........
Bacon iced cupcakes it is.
Eeeeeeeeh didn't liked it
“The way Jesus intended”
Jesus couldn’t even eat Bacon
I don't even eat bacon, why am i watching this
Sorry but all that bacon was copyrighted by their creators so you are violating Article 13.
i bet that it takes more time to make a song at the end than the episode itself
Tweet the Beer https://ctt.ec/4yc3s
Facebook the Beer: https://hrefshare.com/4063d
The budget on that intro must have been huge
Instructions not clear.
Ended up adding Irish blood to the beer and food coloring to my blood and am currently at a hospital. Planning to press charges
Is getting the blood transfusion needed for the recipe or just suggested?
The budget for this video was $3
I messed up the instructions. When do we wang jangle it?
Dude I think this recipe is a little too advanced for me
I honestly thought you found a ladybug, made a hat, and put it on while you filmed it
“The other half of my blood is Italian, to make me a little more spicy”
Took me like 10 seconds to realize that was a lady bug with a leprechaun hat 🤣
I mean I don’t know what I expected but I am somehow satisfied with what I watched.
when you spent all of your budget for the intro
Man, another recipe from ol grandma's cookbook. Eventually you're going to have to come up with your own cooking ideas though.
The shortest video in the channel and it's a master piece
Did he just add food coloring to beer-





I really don’t know what I expected tbh
0:40 "the other half of my blood is italian to make me more spicy" 👌
this feels like a cry for help
Ohhh just realized I forgot to put in the beer. Thanks man, you did me a favor!
As an Irish person, can confirm the intro is 100% legit
I have used 3 bottles of green food color in my Guinness, it still isn't green. Help!!!!!!!
Instructions unclear, my lucky charms box wants to kill me
wow two videos in a week? are you ok dude
Little confused, how do I make the green dye?
The only channel that can make a 1:21 video feel satisfying.
Bill Wurtz wants to know your location.
Holy hecc this episode  came fast
Edit: Okay now I know why
Recipe not clear, accidently caused a potato famine
thank you for this mind blowing, evolutionary video recipe. your country thanks you.
Thank you sir, it's 3.00am am I'm freaking out and this is calming me down. Thanks
This is the hardest thing you've ever done and in a limited amount of time!😲😬




I applaud chu 👏 👏
I'm forgoing wearing green this year and replacing it with sharing this video.
Hahahaha! This has to be your best video! I wasn't even thinking how obviously simple this would be.
I've figured out that it's been 2 or 3 years since we didn't get to see the  next episode of the egg series, I'm a bit sad, what happened to them?
Frequent uploads?! Am I dreaming?
Bless you St. YSAC, Patron Saint of YouTube.
Very informative. I’ve been struggling for hours not being able to master the green beer but thanks to this video I did it. Happy potato day everyone.
A green beer a day keeps the millennial green juice away.
im watching this when i not intrested in cooking






what am i doing with my life
I didn't know I needed a ladybug in a leprechaun hat. Blessed.
I accidentally made green beer once by mixing a regular beer with Blue Curaçao. It tasted positively disgusting.
Instructions unclear: got conquered by Britain
Best Video yet.
<3 Love YSAC
It’s funny how He’s making sure the animation isn’t too similar to Sam o nella.

Cus I swear the god it’s the same dam guy!!!
that intro must've been why it took so long for this video to come
Couldn't tell if the ladybug was done celebrating or needed a pickmeup.🍀
I actually am Irish and Italian. What a neat coincidence. Good stuff
i just realized you posted this video. it never showed up in my subscription box :(
Recipe unclear: I got green mold.
instructions unclear
made a leprechaun
I got served Green Beer once. I don't know, l did get kinda Sick. Turns out it was actually Green from being off and out of Date. That's it. I never Trusted a Leprechaun ever since!.
Ladybug 🐞 wearing a hat , priceless!!  Happy  Saint Patricks Day  🍀
YSAC=Casually Explained confirmed
I dont know why this made me laugh so hard
Does the blood of a Leprechaun also work, because I ran out of green food coloring.
How many hybrids hundos for the undo?
Wang jangle clockwise or counterclockwise?
How much pepper pepper pepper?
If I throw it at the wall will it create chopped green beer?
That hat on the lady bird is a better photoshop job than Jake Paul's vlog camera implant.
Wow what a complex recipe great stuff.
Hey thanks for this tutorial. It was really helpful and I could tell it took a lot of effort to make. Keep up the good work ☺️
This is the definition of low-effort high quality content
Thank you for literally being the only content creator acknowledging the Druids (snakes) that were cast out by the English invaders.
Instructions unclear
Spawned a evil leprechaun
Omg I literally like think this is my favorite video
You're just a less mature version of Binging With Babish.
CONSISTENT UPLOAAAAADDDSSSS FOOOR THE BOOYYZ 😂😂
sees how long video is


Me: yah i'm pretty sure i know what he's doing
i mess you pro more vids pleas😭😭😭😭😭
Careful, video description has spoilers.
Instructions unclear.

I turned my food coloring into a beer color
You’re welcome for the blood donation. You might want to get checked for Lyme. 

-M. McGrath 🍀
Thanks for the tutorial. I was super stuck on how to make this
instructions unclear. Added shot glass into my arm. Planning to sue YSAC
God damnit couldn't understand the recipe accidentally made a hydrogen bomb
wow.. thanks for sharing your wisdom
You know, i didnt know what i was expecting but... amazing
no Sam I do not like green eggs and beer
I was half expecting some type of space magic, but no just green food coloring.
Wait,slow down there buddy,I'm trying to write the recipe down but you're going too fast for me.
Feliz dia de São Patrício!
"2 stars, unclear instructions". I tried this and ended up somewhere in North Korea (help ...)
"The other half of my blood is Italian, to make me a little more spicy " Ok buddy, we ain't spicy, we are A R O M A T I C
although it was short, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for uploading again this week. Made my day!
This is by far my favorite video
Such a nice recipe! Creative, easy and such clear instructions. Keep on the good work USAC
What is with this damm ladybug 🐞
The video wasn’t informative enough, so I looked to the description. Everything makes sense now. Thank you for clearing everything up
Always a pleasure to watch your videos 😂
Is no one going to talk about the untranslated Italian line in the middle of the video
spent ten minutes making the episode "OH MY GOD, THIS IS BIBLICAL CANON"
This video is full of Irish stereotypes

Edit:no hate tho 🖤
Must've taken freaking AGES to put the hat on the ladybird.... how did you keep it on their too? staples?
The description was fun too. Second sun day of lent bois make you’re beer purple
Instructions were unclear
I accidentally drove my alligator off a cliff? Help?
Are you Jackfilms?
Thanks very much. I made it and had it too quickly to keep my mouth from staining permanently. However, I cannot see the beer from within my stomach. Is something wrong with me? I am worried.
Everything I thought about St. Patrick's day was a god dam lie
Woah, slow down, you're too fast i can't keep up with what you say!
I am that ladybug! I can't believe u didn't say hi I can't believe it. I was on the way to me to my cousins party.....
Instructions unclear my house is being invaded by snakes
Instructions unclear, now all beer is green! ☘️
Who knew someone who does in-depth tutorials on cooking knows the correct historic background of st paddy's day
Instructions unclear.
Soaked a potato in a bowl of vodka.
I tried to follow the recipe and now my shillelagh is caught in the ceiling fan.
Green beer, oooh it's not bean beer
Add codeine and now you've got some lean beer
Drink it from a can and it's a tin beer
Share it with a shark and call it fin beer
How did you get the hat on the ladybug? :thinking:
As an Irish person I can confirm that the intro is very accurate
You just made more money than I did this week. xD
Reminds me of Sam o Nella Academy
This wasn't even a video just a flex to us nonirish
I honestly don't know what else I was expecting
Merry Christmas- I mean uhhh... Happy St Patricks Days
That intro was beautiful
Just to keep the update schedule in check you know? 😂
I was sitting at home enjoying not watching TV and thinking, "Nobody makes any green beer videos any more." When voila you knocked it out of the park!
You and Sam O'nella have the exact same energy and I wouldn't be surprised if you were the same person
I love how the description offers alternatives for those who want to be festive, but not drink green beer 💚
I added multiple food coloring was too much and now my beer has become...lgbt
Legend has it that the ladybug still walks to this day.
This beer is greener than the earth.
Anyone with a link or explanation as to what the st paddy v Druid situation was hmu
Dang I thought i was watching a Sam o nella video at first
Us: “YSAC, how do we make green beer?”
YSAC: “Beer and green food dye, idiots.”
Us: ...
YSAC: “Video coming up. I’ll feed you, baby birdies.”
Wtf! this is exactly the contend I subbed for.
L'altra metà del mio sangue è Italiana per rendermi un po' piccante




LMAO
Recipe not clear, Irish blood now in beer.
You never fail to impress me
I wish there was an angry react on youtube, that is NOT how you pour beer my dude
this is the best YSAC
For a second I thought this was Sam O,Nella Academy
You SERIOUSLY went through the trouble of editing this?? XDDD
💀I CANT BREATHE. IDK WHY THATS SO FUNNY TO ME.💀😭
This is is 

P E A K  H U M A N  P E R F O R M A N C E
As an italian i couldn't understand what you said in the italian part.
It was like "l'altra metà è italiana per rendermi un po' pagante" but pagante in that context has literally no sense so i don't know


Either way i laughed out loud
Somebody called the store I work at the other day. Asking if we sold ladybugs. I am now convinced that was you.
2 seconds in.. are you really sure you are not casually explained
Who is St. Patrick? Blizzard?
Why don't you switch the amount of food coloring with the amount a beer? A few drops of beer and add a pint of food coloring
Holy hell dude how did you figure out that recipe?!?!
You can't convinced me you are not casually explains haha
Instructions unclear, now have a leprechaun in my vacuum cleaner
The real traditional Irish recipe for green beer is:

Step 1: Don't make your beer green.
2 vids in one week???
Is this heaven?
the whole video was straight up just about joking around lol
I always learn so much from your vids!
WHY IN ST PATRICKS NAME WOULD YOU POUR BEER LIKE THAT?!
Should have painted the lady bug green too.
How many leprechauns did you have to kill for this recipe ?
wahay happy st patricks day from jolly ol england
This is the quality content I subscribed for.
Dang. Today it was confirmed that yousuckatcooking is not casuallyexplained. Those stick figures are too complex
Sangue italiano? I knew there was a reason why I liked you...
LMAO I'm literally dying hahaha.

Seriously help me, I'm dying!
Steps to making green beer

- green food coloring 
- beer
- green shirt
- Irish accent
- Italian accent
This is probably one of his hardest to make recepi
BLESSED WITH TWO VIDEOS IN ONE MONTH, IS IT CHRISTMAS ALREADY????
I thought Green beer was made by fermenting weed by it was this simple all along huh
That was very factual and informative
light blue was actually St Patricks color not green
Finally one of these recipes I have all the ingredients for.
Time_and_effort.mp4 But really this lightened up my day even it was just a minute long.
Wonder what happened to the people after beer rain
Yes this is the greatest birthday present ever🤣
Instructions unclear, I ended up with beer in a toaster
Thank you for this nice history lesson.
Your Italian is perfect man
Can you put the outro in spotify?
I swear to god if that's your pet ladybug...
This is quality content 😂
Yet another clasic, well done sir, well done! 👏
doesnt post for a long time posts twice in a week
Great video😆 See you in a couple months🙈
I love the fact that the instructions in the description are lengthy and nuanced, but the video is as to-the-point as possible.  Well played, sir.  Being that I noticed this, I obviously have not had enough to drink.
HE PUT A HAT ON THE LADYBUGGGGGG IM DYINGGGGG
Omg it didn't take a month post  another vid, I so proud you 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏💋
You mixed up the four leaf clover for the shamrock.
Man, not really sure if I can follow this recipe.
Damn, this is some advanced chef tactics right there. Like, this beverage recipe is just,,,, so complicated, man. I think I might just end my career as a chef because of this.
Instructions unclear, my Leprechaun is stuck in the golden pot.
Just put grass in the bear. Real simple if you don't have green food clouring.😉
0:40 I'm Italian and at the first impression I tought you were speaking spanish.
woah no way ! I never knew how to make green beer T___T THANK YOU SO MUCH !!!
The description is great
That's the content i subscribed for <3
That ladybird (or ladybug) was hella drunk
Thank you for this helpful recipe it took a little while to make but it was worth it...
Wow ok this tutorial cleared everything up for me. I was really stuck on the green part, thanks
this is definitely the most descriptive video ever good job!!!!!
That abrupt "suck" ending got me
the irony...im wearing red just like the ladybug
It's like if Deadpool had a cooking show.
best video ever asfsufashsdjfahfag
This was just an excuse to make a video for St. Patrick's day
Best recipe 10/10
This helped so much make this beer the most like beer on YouTube
Thank you for the reminder of my incompetence to cook. Made my day!
I'm glad I delayed watching this video until I had more time
We had the best jam ever and now we have chilled out. We Gucci 😂
This, is why i subscribed 🤯😎
duct tape on the iv lines
keepin it classy
since beer is yellow (or amber or whatever) shouldn't you add blue food coloring?
Damn that ladybug appears in every video
Those are a lot of steps I don't think I can keep up
Your cooking show didnt work my beer was green before i add food coloring
I expected a more complex recipe but I got this instead, dont know if its just the confusion but I’m not disappointed
Did you know that St. Patrick was gay?
First! Oh wait, no wait, 1,500th!
When you got too drunk on green beer before making the video
To Verify that the Green Beer was holy or not, check your pee. If it is Green too then you are blessed.
Two recipes in a week. That must be a new record👌👌👌
The intro has Bill Wurtz energy
Wow, he changed the thumbnail.
Ladybug with hat

Noice
I was watching YSAC when I got a notification for YSAC and I've never clicked on a notification so fast
This is the most anticlimactic video I've seen
Real cool
Instructions unclear, got drunk off the blood
I see your videos have gone up in quality. Good job.
This is a Beautiful story. I am happy for the Irish people. Thank you ysac.
There's no Pepper Pepper Pepper. But top quality art and superb narration save the day. 3 out of 4 clovers. 🍀🍀🍀
Not a fan of the main ingredient. Does this recipe also work if I substitute beer with, say, hot chocolate, tea, or water?
Instructions unclear, beer keeps disappearing from the glass everytime I drink it.
Intructions unclear. Drank all the food coloring now im a smurf. But, you know, green.
Lmao 10/10
Happy St. Patr- I don't know what holiday this is, I live in Europe.
Happy st.patrick's day everybody🍀🍀☘☘
Usually I can follow your recipes but slow it down next time... this one was hard to follow
0:44 You only need the timestamp and the next, like, 4 seconds. Still the intro is nice.
Most Complicated Recipe I've Ever Seen
tbh thats really complicated im not sure if i can recreate that
You should do a face reveal at 2 million
this is the quality content im here for
This video was 90% joke, 8% song and 2% recipe
u shoulda made this on april fools
Happy St. Patricks day everyone.
YSAC, parli italiano??
Such a detailed beer making tutorial
maan, these instructions are a bust. My Beer's red now.
Wait, he uploads on a Sunday? That's illegal.
0:42 Italian is my first language but I haven’t understood a thing
everyone knows you are also CasuallyExplained just give it up already
Epic like.
usual !!! :)
Thank you so much! Now, I can make bloody red beer for Halloween!
Instructions unclear; I put green food dye that might have been mutant slime from tmnt on a ladybug and grew into a ladybug/leprechaun hybrid that pissed in my mug and the piss was green beer and all, but what do I do with the leprechaun/ladybug
The only recipe that I can't do from this channel... I guess I suck at cooking
Instructions unclear, reestablished communism again.
That ladybug is on the struggle bus. I don't feel so alone now.
I kinda want to see what a April Fool's video is like from you...

Please make this happen.
Thanks for the in depth turotial on how to make green beer!
holy shit guys I actually tried this and it tastes amazing
Ah yes G R E E N
Hold on, hold on. The first step is adding food colouring AND beer? That's too fast for me! There's way too much in a single step.
I am Irish and that origin story at the beginning is true
The leprechaun looks like someone was trying to learn how to draw anime
That ladybug is my spirit animal.
Now this
This is called good animation
In Chicago we make the river green for saint Patrick's day but why?
Omg I LOVE yousuckatcooking
Coming for that 'casually explained' aesthetic.
when the actual tutorial is 3 seconds long
Why is this man so good at everything
0/10 no onion mentioned and no wang jangler spotted
Thought I clicked on casually explained for a sec
so innovative








i like it
Is the robot coming back?it's spring
Instructions not clear, my home is being invaded by nazi's
Great CGI! How did you get the rain to look so real?
The bill wurtz crossover we never asked for, but always wanted
I have no Idea how this channel got 1,6m subscribers
(Scottish accent it says) 
The unseen leprechaun is deadliest.
If that ladybug with the green hat isn't featured in the next YouTube rewind I will be genuinely shook.
No way!! Two uploads in a time of 2 wee... oh wait
Wow, your tutorials have gotten really complex. Maybe you should tone it down a bit, I was so confused.
Instructions not clear. Accidentally made Mac and Cheese
So complex, must have extreame taste and feeling, not to mention the emotion
 The passion put in was extravagant and i rate this comlex recipie 10/10. Well done.
That Irish accent was right on point
I'm drinking natural ice which makes my poop green and gives my intestines Gangrene. Is that close enough to green beer?
This was my favorite episode. I found it to be extremely informing.
uh i think someone drugged the beer dude
Hello there
That first part was like a CGP Grey video from Bizarro World.
That was the cutest ladybug😍
This may be the best video yet!! Issa Mastapiece
This was a good video. my favorite video on st Patrick’s day
Finaly someone came up with a good way to explain this recipe... I struggeld for month trying to figure out how it's made.
So if I don't like beer beer, does this work with root beer?
If anyone is intrested at 0:40 he says "the other half of my blood is Italian so I will get spicier"
Steps unclear, I somehow got pregnant
You spoil us with two uploads.
“The first step to making green beer is add a few drops of food coloring and then beer”

That’s honestly me in a nutshell
If you want to get really crazy add some glitter. It's none toxic for a  reason
Fake, you're clearly supposed to add leprechaun blood, not food coloring.
10/10
I was so sober that I didn't even acknowledge the ladybug wearing the leprachaun hat.
I think that's the first recipe, even I could do
Best video of all time
This was literally the shortest recipe on this channel ever
Just in time, I was about to Google this recipe, thank you.
Happy St. Patrick’s day! 
☘️🇮🇪 🍻
“...and invented the clover” 🤦‍♂️
instructions not clear, mine ended up purple. did i do something wrong?
Blood transfusion half Irish and half Italian. Are you a drunk vampire wandering around Boston?
Happy St. Patrick's day YSAC!!!
It's a Ladybugprechon!
Me: oh I have a cool idea for a comment!
Scrolls through comments
And no one else has typed something
like it!



Dangit, aight lets look at some of the other comme-
IM TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT YOU SAID BUT I CAN BARELY SPEAK MY FIRST LANGUAGE
Tried doing this. Somehow set my kitchen on fire. Instructions not clear enough.
Woah man this takes way too long!
What a complicated recipe I need to write this down.
A new video in the same month?
It was so beautiful. I cried.
Best part of the video is the ending.
 It's secretly telling us a story of a ladybug that is being forced into the St. Patrick spirit from his family against his own will.
 The ladybug was not a fan of this holiday, but if it were to refuse, they would get punished tonight by their parents, so he had no choice but to celebrate it, depressed, lonely, and no one to seek for help. But when the chance came, the ladybug escaped, running from it's abusive, holiday-controlling family, and in search for a better place to stay, a place where the ladybug can celebrate any holiday spirit that they want to celebrate.

So, the moral of the story is... Don't force your ladybugs into the holiday spirit, let them celebrate what they want to celebrate.
Beer I love it, I’m definitely old enough for it
Before watching the video I knew what was gonna happen, just by reading your tittle and knowing your sense of humor 😂. Still loved it, good job
This channel just keeps getting better 🙂
This is a quality video
Thanks for inventing beer, St. Pat
Green food coloring and beer

I honestly don't know what I was expecting
i didn't expect anything less from the most talented chef
Instructions unclear,




Made nuclear waste
I really dont know what I have expected XD
MS paint and cooking! Nailed it.
Wow this really helped me thanks for the tutorial!
Longest recipe ever from YSAC green beer!
Ceapaim  go bhuil tu ag caint faoi caca. 
Mharaigh St. Pàdraig na nathracha. Troid liom deathàir.
You spent 5 days on this? Wtf
When the description is longer than the video... 😂
Hey!  Why mine no turn green? 🍺 Recipe too complex.
Instructions unclear: Jacksepticeye busted through the door.
it’s my birthday tomorrow could you do something
2 vids in a week


What
is the hat on the ladybug photoshopped? i legit can't tell
Bro, slow down a bit will ya? You were too fast for me to catch up
Now I'm not sure but I think the thumbnail slightly changed.
Somewhere in my heart believes that you made a tiny little hat for that ladybug and that it wasn’t just edited on
Bro your actually starting to be consistent
My cat really enjoyed the leprechaun ladybug finisher.
Tried following along, ended up with a pretzel. Anyone else have this problem?
great instructions for a super complicated recipe!!
ngl I'm lowkey mad
Watching this while drinking green beer
You are the best bro 👍
this was exactly like I taught it was going to be ... AND SO MUTCH MORE
Do i have to use green food coloring for this recipe to work?
Eco-friendly beer
Ysac its not casually explained .
This is exactly what I was expecting it to be and I wasn't disappointed
Aww the ladybug
Instructions unclear
Beer turned out red
Help
Nothing like beer to cover the pain
You speak great Irish!
messed up the recipe, accidentally married a leprechaun
Green beer
Grain beer
Grain bear
Rain bear
Disney editing level on the intro
You should make a movie. The animation was spot on!
Ive been wondering how to make green beer, thanks for the help
Can you give a list of ingredients plez
Instructions unclear, blood in beer in my ass and an Ireland in my beer
This video is like  the movie Captain Marvel:  The main actor is good, and the CGI and the end scene is fantastic and will melt your brain.
usac is probably my favorite thing to watch on youtube
For a sec I wondered how he put the tiny hat on a ladybug
Here i thought it was made from crushed up leprechauns, a dollop of fairy dust, and a pin drop of unicorn tears. My mistake... it's more magical than that.
Ur next intro sould be in dutch 



Jij bent slecht in koken ja je bent echt slecht
Duuude... this is to expensive for my broke self, are there other recipes?
l do not get 0:18 to 0:22,who can give me the subtitle of it?Thank you
"nah but I can make beer"
people , don’t forget to read the much more informative description section!
“Erin go bragh!”🍀💚☘️🍀
Every March 17th I buy a new bra. See you at the mall. Cheers. 🍻🍺🍻
You got italian blood transfusion to cook better.
Thought this was a casually explained video for quite a bit
moral of the story...the white things on ladybugs heads aren't actually their eyes
Possibly the best ever? I mean, it's not really cooking but I bet the hat took ages, so yeah, the best ever. :)
ireland-uk relationship in nutshell:
ireland: "do you love me?"
uk: "well yes, but actually no"
I don’t know dude it sounds so difficult
Im lost cn u please make the instructions a littler easyer thanks
I crushed up some four leaf clovers, will those work?
Bro calm down this shit so complicated that Gordon ramsay can't even do it perfectly
Too complicated and not enough explanation on this dish 3/10
ok...but do you eat the ladybug before or after you drink the beer?
Dude.... u ok? 🤣
So you made terrible art so people stop asking if you are casually explained? Good idea but we know the truth.
Where do you get the Irish blood? Asking for a friend
Cam you try makeing something easy this is a little overcomplicated
You should do an episode on real pizza!!
The description is A+
The best and the worst clickbait ever. Love it
Now I've something else to celebrate, besides Lush Lagoon.
BEST EPISODE SO FAR 10/10 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Hmmm... I need more details, ended with Mtw dew
That ladybug made my day AHHAHA
Could you like, slow it down a bit that was really confusing. You went way to fast for those literal 2 steps! XD
jxjdfjkvskcksfkf awesome 😂😂😂😂
This is the best video u have ever made
:D




👌
So you did a collab with sam onella?
But...





 beer is illegal for kids
Live on ladybug
ms paint has been used to its full potential
i'm pretty sure YSAC is vegan
i didn't know what i was expecting, but i was pleased nonetheless
It turned my cat and dog green I think I forgot a few steps?
Uploading twice in one week? 
Best episode yet
I-- raises finger
closes mouth and puts finger down
I’m 176% Irish but this recipe is impossible for me
Just scoop up some river water, it’ll taste just as good as the real thing.
This made me go from loud noice scream to slightly less loud noice scream thank you father for blessing me with two videos
Finally, a recipe even I can follow.
Thanks 
Needed this
What if I'm not Irish or a lepercan
You Don’t Own The Rainbow
i have a theory, ysac is casually explained
Whoa slow down there, I could barely follow the recipe !
Honestly I don't know what I expected
I’m sad but not cus it rains all the time 😢
instructions unclear, leprechaun caught fire and burned my home down
”high quality content”
I'm glad you're branching out into being an animation channel. Odd1sout here we come.
i woould (vee never thot of this
This isn't bread what the heck. 

Bread is the future of youtube. 

If you are scared to release a bread video due to the immense power the bread gang has on youtube, please don't be. If you still are though,  as a world-renowned bread scientist I would be happy to help you.
you should do a video tricking out store bought frozen pizzas !! like i love getting a cheese pizza and putting whatever toppings i like but i bet you could get creative <3
But how many drops is a few? how mANY? HeLP?!?!?
Yo make a catch and cook vid
Happy St. Patrick's Day! <3
That description tho 😂
I thought this was Sam O'Nella at first lol
This might be the best one yet
Instructions unclear : found Madeleine Mccann
instructions unclear : i ended up with red beer and i'm standing in the middle of england
That was a really short 5 day nap
When do i wang jangle it or add the pepper pepper pepper
the format change of the title is throwing me off😔
This was too difficult, I ended up adding leprechaun blood instead of food coloring
thanks for the instructions in the discription
Now at what point do I get my wing jangler out
that was really helpful
Wait...  what?  Way too complex of instructions.
The description for this one, exclusively, is my favourite.
Definitely the most difficult video you've ever made
Sincerely -
       I am too drunk to make a longer video or remember my name
What was the budget for this video?
Slowly turning into howtobasic lmaooo
The actual recipe lasts from 0:45 to 0:48 if you're in a hurry
Hey ladybug at the end of the video, nice hat!
I love this channel, but the lack of content is actually painful.
a masterpiece
Why are you uploading so often? I like it...
Is he- is he okay? Everything's happening too fast make it stop please
"I have half Irish blood. I don't mean I'm half irish I get a transfusion every week" lmao exactly what I imagine when americans start talking about all the different ancestry they have in their blood
"l'altra metà del mio sangue è italiana per rendermi un po' piccante" drunk and hot, that's the way to go!
The lady bug made me sad but no worries I know how to make green beer and feel better 🤢
I waited a month for another one of your videos and this is what I get. It's beautiful. 





Too bad I cant drink alchohol 
Can someone please post a recipe in the comments? Video instructions are just too hard to follow.
If I ever see you pour beer like that again we are boxing
The description is arguably better than the video
Gotta appreciate that description
I can’t even legally drink yet 🤷‍♀️ cool story tho
Art? And not only art, but art CASUALLY EXPLAINING something? 
I'm onto you.
Instructions unclear. I now have a degree in Irish history
0:49 motion tracking is on point.
Lady bugs aren’t Irish. Stink bugs are Irish, cuz they’re Cilantro smelly.
Using more words from that made up language known as "Italian", I see.
Nobody told me this is a history channel
Favorite episode yet
i love your vids
This is a goddamned masterpiece
wait, can you repeat step 3?
Needs more cowbell... And wangjangles
This description tho
Casualy explained, is that you??
I think I needed more details on the process because I think I'm just gonna get lost... Couldn't you have done something more simple maybe? Less steps????
Godlike description
Frick man I don’t know were do even get the cup


1 like = 1 rainbow 🌈
Wow shortest vid ever somehow I expected more...
Damn man, this is the hardest, most time consuming tutorial you’ve ever made. Calm down dude.
First



Or one hour to late
You need to work a little on that italian ahah
Incorrect, it still rains today.
Is there an easier way to make this? This was too complicated for me.
What did he say after the transfusion thing? :o
Wow!!! Animation!
the best episode yet
I will describe Ireland in one word

beer
I followed your instructions and made green beer. Now what?
The ending song instrumental is from chance’s first mixtape, 10 day. That’s uhhhh pretty, pretty good.
1 minute I will never get back
Please make your recipes simpler.  I don't cook very often and found the instructions really hard to follow.
Irish Italian Confirmed
Thanks great video i learned so much
It doesn't work. I added food coloring then Guinness and nothing happened -,-
Instructions too complicated...ended up making green mustard gas
Much effort
Quando sento italiano e non me lo aspetto ci rimango sempre male.
it takes a long time for him to upload because he puts effort on his props xD
I killed myself yesterday!
Today's my birthday and I was born in 87, how's about that?
OMG I love this
If i’m already Irish do I need the transfusion?
Instructions unclear... made orange chicken somehow... I really do suck at cooking...
I knew it hahahaa🍉
I don’t think that represents my kind dude
Do I wangjangle this or no?
Mmmmmmm.. Guiness.
Short and simple as that goes!
No one is going to mention that it should be a Shamrock?? 3 leaves dude!
This is why we never saw leprechauns! They are actually Irish Ladybugs!
Can you make butterbeer?
Do you do commissions? You're an amazing artist.
Learned more from this than school
Yeah not really sure what i expected lol
I didn't dervere this beauty
His music is honestly amazing
One of your better vids!
I guess we got....lucky with an extra episode
This episode is so unsatisfying it gave me goosebumbs
Did this man really duct tape a single strip of those peel apart Twizlers to his arm
Better than Sam Onella??
insert "instruction unclear" joke here
St. Patricks day is my cat’s birthday
Pretty sure this marks the beginning of your transition to fully animated historical comedy which I'm totally okay with
Instructions unclear. ended up with a tomato sandwich. WTF?
Idk what I was expecting tbh
boTToMS uP!!1!!1 🍻
This recipe seems too hard no thanks
quality content
Ive been animating for a while and never seen someone as good as him
Best episode so far !
The thumbnail changed
Well, atleast we got a second video this month!
That ladybug was so cute o3o
Classic bible stories.
Best video 2019
I already knew what you would do, and you still impressed.
This is now my favorite episode.
You stole this from Gordon Ramsey
Finally a video dude
hey i missed you
I think something went wrong when i tried to do this because my beer is blue not green and i have 2 now
I don't get the food coloring part...
I stopped writing for this. Worth it.
I think this is my new favorite video
Reading the description is longer than the video.
At 1:04 the ladybug hiccups
uR rAcIsT
DruidLivesMatter
Sees a YSAC video...clicks....realizes it’s not even 2 minutes long...enjoys the  video anyway...cry’s because it ended too soon
Hell yeah my dude.
Why did you make this?
"more tolerable". Lol....now i get it.
Too hard I just drank the green food coloring.
Actually I thought that was an intro and not an outro
lady bug wears her hat on her abdomen ?!!! omg, fashion faux pas !
How many drops of food coloring though? Recipe is not clear.
holy moly thats a lot of instructions
Does it have to be with Irish blood or can I use other kinda of blood like A B AB O+ or A B AB O- and A B AB O?
That was it?? 😂😂
I must suck at cooking if I had to watch this video.
the best one out of last 5 or 6
Instructions not clear, accidentally made an unoriginal comment
This is the high quality content that this dead site needs!!!!!!
Instructions unclear. Beer exploded. Send help.
That lady bug tho 😎
Instruction not clear got my hand inside a mixer
Am i watching ysac or Sam O’Nella
Wow that lady bug has a really dope hat
mel are you ok
Recipe was not clear, I ate a leprechaun
not sure what i expected, although not disappointed
No salt...ok...Oh sh#$ no PEPPER you messed up man
st. patricks day should be abolished
I just want to clarify that the symbol of ireland and st. patty is not the 4 leafy cloverleaf but the 3 leafy one. St. patty explained the concept of the holy trinity of father, son and the holy ghost to the irish with the 3 leafy cloverleaf. 
Thanks for coming to miy ted talk
Please post more 😭
hey did you know that adding a little blue food coloring will actually make it a brighter green with less dye?
this is the kind of videos that won this man a award
Nobody has yet mastered the art of the green irish beer.
One of the better ones most definitely
Instructions not clear I burned my house down.
instructions not clear I shot myself in the leg
Triggered by how he poured the beer
Do a face reveal!
i waited a week for this. worth it lol
I appreciate history now
FAI BENE A TENERE METÀ SANGUE ITALIANO
How about yellow beer?
I don’t know about this one, it’s a high level recipe. I’d say don’t try it unless you are pro
The video nobody knew they needed.
make some mutton karahi next time
Grade A Quality
Quality art
bill wurtz is that u
omg i have not had a good laugh like this is AGES!! PLEASE COME BACK TO US AN UPLOAD!!!
Best episode ever
I was hoping this would help my hangover. No onion on three fundo, no wang jangling, no dogs running around at the end. You made me sad, and my head still hurts.
Best episode ever
This is the entire video:into outro
Huh. Learn something new everyday.
Do you have a album with all your music?
That song at the end though... LMFAO.
Instructions unclear, i ended up with beer colored food coloring :/
This Series has gone downhill
I personally just transfuse my blood with the blood of drug addicts. You get a free high, and when you're done you can give their blood back and take yours back and then they're the ones with a crippling addiction
DO I HAVE TO REPEAT MYSELF?!
This is what my Patreon dollars are going to?
This seems so hard
Wow wow slow down there, once a month my guy
Pixar has some competition
Greeeennnnn liquiddddd
Its mah birthday and I got a bit confused. Accidently used vodka and the air from a basketball. Be more clear.
Did you change the thumbnail?
Directions unclear. Beer stuck in bottle...
this was so helpful
copout episodes aren't my favorites but this will do
Booping made....my day
I’m proud you were able to complete this difficult dish Ysac.
Instructions not clear, I got green koolaid
Part of me feels like he just shit this video out.
his voice during the song sounds like how bob from bob’s burgers voices his turkeys before thanksgiving
When I was a wee lil' lad, I remember a rainbow being so close I went to touch it. I was so disappointed when it appeared further than before.
I'll get some green food coloring for my Kombucha. Don't worry, I don't have to cook it.
"l'altra metà del mio sangue è italiana per rendermi un po' piccante" ahahahahaha 😂
i can't be the only one who played this video and thought it was sam o'nella
Face reveal?
I thought they put green blood in it
When you see a recipe online that you think is easy but end up burning the beer
you’re too early. April fools is in 2 weeks.
Why was that leprechaun a Colossus?!
😂 nailed it.
I have strep throat
Lol, so is this because pranks on April Fools Day is too mainstream, gotta do it 2 weeks early?
Can I use green paint insted of food coloring?
Instructions unclear hair stuck in blender
I feel as if that ladybug is your torture toy..
When will we get face reveal
How’d you get that ladybug to sing?
I legit can't do this because I don't have green food coloring
This video was basically an intro and an outro and i love it
I like that intro
Shit, I totally forgot it was St.  Patrick's Day and now there's only two hours to celebrate.
Erin go bragh!!
We all got suckered into this one. Should’ve seen it coming.
How dare you to pour in the beer like that
This came fast
Omg I can't wait to get home and try this out
Authentic Swedish gastronomy.
You added an extra 'the' in the info
Greeeeeeeeeeeen
Wth, at least simplify your recipes a little!
Best vid yet
Oh, I'm a minor. Haha.
Your audio quality sucks. Git gud scrub.
Early crew
1 hour gang
Youuuu suck at cooking so i made some green beer
This is one of the best YSAC videos I’ve ever seen
Lmaoo that's it? This is the shortest vid I've watched
needs some more Nicolas Cage or Mel Gibson
Two episodes in a week? Are you okay dude? Blink once if you need help
pour a beer like that again and i'm unsubbing lol
Tutorial starts at 0:45
It’s me birthday!!🍀
Lol👌👌👌🐐💨
This is too complicated
Casually explained?
most difficult ysac ever
One day in your life.
This is exactly what I expected
I was hoping to see jack septic eye at that starting
Sick sode
If you poured that beer wrong on purpose to trigger people then you’ve succeeded
Nani!?
The druid's
master piece once again
Is that where a lady bug would wear a hat?
He's gone insane
Did u wangangle it???
Their needs to be a ysac cook book.
woah two videos in one month?
This is the best post time between 2 vids
Is that ooze from tmnt
We're still sad because it rains all the time
I mean... what did you expect?
Funciona.
Did he photoshop that hat on the ladybug or did he make a miniature leprechaun hat I can’t tell lol.
I know the last line in the description is for Viking fans
For those who want an actual drinkable..drink that is green, here ya go: favorite light beer of choice, mine is Corona so I recommend that. Or Fosters.. or Carlsberg. Don't fill the glass all the way up, leave some space. Add blue Bols, or any blue liquor of choice, preferably sweet. This will make the beer green, and sweeten it slightly and at the same time remove some of the bitterness from the beer. Many girls who hated beer but tasted this actually enjoyed it. Have a good St. Patricks
He really knows how to read a room
I don't know what I was expecting
Omg YSAC.
Been missing your wacky humor
This was the hardest one yet
I don't know what I was expecting
Lol happy st Patrick’s day!
The budget goes to the animation isn't?
🤯🤯🤯🤯🍻🍻🍻🍻
looks more like tarhun
Sam I am you’re drunk go home
St patrick star
No wangjangling?
That ending tho
GOOD DAMMIT
I just chocked on my noodle
Holy schedule
At first I was kind of disappointed because it was like this didn't seem to have a lot of effort in it. But then I remembered the animation, and read the description. God damn it, that doesn't look like.
Best one yet.  Hi five dude. 🙏
Best episode so far
are you actually half italian?
I really don't know why I like your channel so much. What is wrong with me..
00:15      That child is literally an underaged drinker and the parents just joined him like “he’s old enough”
I’m going to need written instructions bc the video goes too fast, I can’t see all of the ingredients
Finally a recipe i can get right
Mmmmm greem
How’d you get a hat on a lady bug
I can only imagine the conditions that ladybug was subjected to, obviously drugged and being forced to wear a tiny hat... This is disgusting
POTATOES 🥔🥔🥔🥔🍺🍺🍺🍺💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
for half a second i thought i was watching bill wurtz (history of japan dude)
Really vibing with the high pitch singing
Wow 2 episodes in a week wow how lucky are we
i feel cheated
Issac
Disliked because the description doesn't detail how to dye my beer purple instead of green.
Very cool. Will try this next year. Expect an update.
That was the best!
Long video.
way to hard to make got lost on the 1 step
this makes me happy.
oh okay
This is the best one in a while.
Omg it still rains btw
Take that @CGPGrey!
Aaaa dam I forgot the steps again, can you tell me again?
This is way to advanced
3 am and watching thsi
Nice MS paint
0:42 what do he say?
Why is this just one minute? Why I am not even mad? Why is this YSAC the best ever?
I knew it
I just woke up,  good morning : )
HAHAHAHA Damn this channel....
Happy St Patrick's day!
Im Irish and i can say that the story at the start is 119% true
It needs to be less complicated
Underrated
0:23 is so funny
0:23 is so funny
That first pour was painful to watch.
i love you
Waduheck
that's not even a ladybug in the end its an asian ladybeetle smh
How is this not on trending,after all it is St. Patrick’s Day.
Best one yet
so is this soap or
I think this instruction is too advanced for me....
He sounds like binging with babish
I love you
Just use absinthe 😂
I am a Irish boi
I love you
Definitely why all those things were made.
thank you
Low effort but neat
Holy
always a huge help in the kitchen
Instructions need to be more clear I got my head stuck in my blender
Is he Sam o' nella?
😂😂😂
Edu-tainment at its finest
Early howtobasic
you're drunk
Thank you.
Lol 😂😂😂
Wait, I'm confused. When do we add in the pepper pepper pepper?
I swear these episodes get easier and easier for ya.
Hope that’s not green dye #3!
Running out of content?
We need more of this in the world....blatant sarcasm....YOUSUCKATCOOKING 2020
oh my god
:O
The grinches beer
I love you!!
The kids drank beer too ....🤔😏
The animation is the best I've ever seen.
If only frank javcee was on this....
What a complex recipe
Seems legit
So elegant
Dude, ik you can make some noice music
Too hard for me. Too many ingredients too.
I didn't pay attention to the length of the video so I thought that was a joke at first
What does this mean? 0:40
The first step to making green beer is to add a few drops of food coloring, then add beer. When selecting a glass to drink it out of, make sure it's transparent, that way you are able to see the green part of the beer not only from the top or from within the stomach, but also from the side while drinking beer. 

While pouring the beer, making sure not to pour it from a great height. This will decrease the amount of bubbles that end up in the beer when you are drinking it, and therefor the the enjoyment. If you were aware of the lengths that the manufacturers went to in order to get bubbles inside of that beer in the first place, you wouldn't even drink it at all. 

While drinking the beer,  make sure you don't allow the beer to come into contact with anything that could get stained, such as your clothes, dog, or mouth. If you swallow quickly enough you can keep your mouth from turning green permanently. 

If you dislike drinking beverages that are colored green but want to get into the festive spirit, simply tape green construction paper around your drinking vessel, and dye your beer purple instead.
Can you make these videos a little shoe please?
aaahhh don't pour your beer like that....
U WEARING NO GREEN, CRAB TIME.
I'm going to AA now
I don't know what I expected.
Wow, 2 episodes in one week!!
Comrade do you want some  od my spare vodka? 2 videos a week comrade are you okay
I was expecting and over complicated recipe that I will never be able to make. I was right.
Billions
Looks like a Green Vomit Bile
I feel cheated.
Oh ok
No one drinks green beer in ireland!!
What dont you understand?? After the part were you get blood
im here like Ohh ur joking right and then i hover over the vid and i see ohh i didnt see its 1:21 mins long i guess thats enought
This channel is a gift.
Il tuo italiano 😍
That’s what I call a true chef
Nice tracking f word
Please remember that the green food coloring dilutes the beer, so expect to have to drink more of it!
My birth name is also St Pat
Well I mean yeah
i too, want to die
hey I'm only 7 and my mom says I'm not allowed to drink beer, so is there another ingredient I can replace the beer with thanks
Powerful
How dare you pour a beer like that.
uh i think i did something wrong because theres an angry leprechaun yelling at me in spanish
That's soap
What's different about those arms?  Something...
hahaha that italian tho wasn't that bad ( im italian)
Had to change a few ingredients but made it out ok
Thanks for not singing a song again
I think this is the most informative thing you’ve made.
U forgot the green eggs n the ham
Sometimes, 1:21 is better than most of the stuff on Youtube..
._.
Why do you have a ladybug at the end of every video?
I cant wait for 1st of April when he teaches us how to properly cook bald eagle eggs
Two videos? What’d we do to deserve this great honor??
bruh 💀
Please do yourself a favor and read the description
OMG YES
hahahahahhaha
Waaaayyy too complicated for me
I love how you decided to make even green beer on your chopping board.
Rly?
‘,:/
Yes
I never knew
I thought it was Russian tarhun
so detailed
Am I the only italian that understood what you said? Hahahaha
im too scared to burn my beer
Ok. Fair enough.
That was short
👏🍀
and dish soap
I only celebrate St. Patrick’s Day because it’s my birthday
Well alright
You know when you've worn the same socks for like a week and when you take them off they smell almost exactly like Doritos. then suddenly you need to go out an buy some.
How drugged were you.
I read the title as green bear at first. This made at least somewhat more sense.
That was hard
👌
can someone please translate what he said in italian
XD
Man it really sucks that it seems like you ran out of ideas a year ago.
When the trailer cost more than the movie
Nachos look great. Can’t wait to make for myself.
God i love you. XD
Sam o'nella?
I learn so good
What's the song at the end? I know I know it, but can't remember where I heard it
It pains me to see beer poured like that.
Does this work with blue?
I thought there was gonna be more to it, but this is still good
I'm from ireland
Serious?
Aha, this is a trap. Why release video on Sunday, after 5 days of last video. Middle Empire U. S. side department get schooled. Use green dye and beer can not make green beer, because beer never green, it's just in middle empire eyes beer will always be green. As long as it's not belong to themselves, as long as they do not need make it themselves. Every thing first green, then beer, then it's communism problem, every one know communism show beer, but inner side is green, right?
Clearly this video was made after a few days of drinking green beer... Then he traded in the cans to fund the ultra high def 5k 10,800,001p graphics.
As an irishwoman, I can confirm that the story of st Patrick is 100% accurate.
Outstanding!
Marry Christmas guys!
When more egg lore?
WHAT a way to make a living out of youtube
thx
sam o nella?
If you feel adventurous you can experiment with colourful sirup and/or liquor instead of food colouring. But, it's pretty advanced sorcery, so beware!
This video is shorter than me in bed and it still gets the job done
Does this work for other colors of beer?
Well this was short
you’re a day late pal
剧毒的小哥🌚
You forgot to put it in the oven so it actually counts as cooking
Content
Okay but when i do i set the uhndo to four hundo
Nice nugget, I mean video.
Wow surprise upload
Drink beer that’s in a green bottle.
Ha thats pretty gay
This is too hard, I accidentally made the cure to cancer and solved world poverty
👌
didnt even know this was a thing
I want to say something but I can’t think of something to say
Anyone feel a little blue balled by this?
Do deviled eggs!!!! please
For anyone who’s not Irish, he didn’t actually speak Geailge there...
that beer is greener than my pee
quite a hard recipe
Time to get Jaked on Green Beers
Buy that is so complicated! Can't do...
It looks like dish soap
Love your vids
Ok so I'm Italian and I'd like to know... What did you say in Italian?Awesome video btw
Disney wants to: Know your Location
i thought it said gamer beer and it was just mountain beer
Dude we're drowning in new episodes
IT HAS BEEN ONE HOUR AND LOOK AT ALL THE LIKES AND COMMENTS
I love it
jesus christ, how much did you spend on the animation in this video?
finally, i’m early
This episodes dog looks kinda weird
It's not fun because no pepper pepper pepper thing
Two in one week how is this possible
This is what the world needs.
That was the shortest video u ever made
Elf Sperm
Well he wasnt wrong
Amazing
Tbh i dont like you anymore because you didnt credit the animators that made you your intro
Inb4trending
Great episode
Too confusing.
Instructions unclear, returned all snakes to Ireland, please help.
yum
Purple
Instructions not clear; caused potato famine
Well that was short
Oh
Someone recommend me some good music
Oh
Well then
Wtf why so short
when there is no "pepper, pepper, pepper" is it even an YSAC video?
And you swallow
awesome
Instructions unclear: the women started stomping a lot and we've decided to call it dancing
What did i just watched😂
ok
So where does the pepper pepper pepper come in?
daily reminder the "snakes" removed from Ireland were actually Pagans and other heretics
No pepper pepper pepper nor wangjangling?
How on earth did he get that hat on the lady bug!I mean like what
So then why did they invent whiskey?
Ahahaaahahaaa
Huh
How creative
Colab with binging with babish
Cool
I can’t seem to get mine green. Maybe I should try using green dye, instead of the blood of a Leprechaun. 👍 👎
:<(
0:27 O LEPRICRAP!  THOSE PPL TURNED THEIR HEADS 180 DEGREES!! (and the one in green didn't even notice his toes cut off!!!) are you sure that was JUST beer?
Green piss here i come
Egg
It’s my birthday today not begging for likes it’s actually my birthday
It’s my birthday today not begging for likes it’s actually my birthday
Lol
thanks
OMG "While pouring the beer, making sure not to pour it from a great height. This will decrease the amount of bubbles that end up in the beer when you are drinking it, and therefor the the enjoyment. If you were aware of the lengths that the manufacturers went to in order to get bubbles inside of that beer in the first place, you wouldn't even drink it at all. "
как-то даже и сказать нечего
what are u on and can i have some
Это же тархун
I’m Irish ☘️
Damn to many instructions I don’t even wanna do it
Another option is to get a bottle of Irish Death.  Now that is tasty.
Ah quindi sei metà Italiano. Beneh
Lol
L'altra metà del mio sangue è italiana per rendermi un pappagante
What about pepper pepper pepper ?
Are you samO'nela??
God I’m obsessed w him
best pt. pattys vid.
Disappointed in the lack of dog footage. Unsubscribed.
Me as a German from Bavaria, i have to tell you that this disgusts me
Anyone watching  in 1987
Nice
That was a hard dish
wow
Lazy
Youtube: Educational
I can’t do it, I just can’t. It’s too hard, man.
so many videos!!!!
Does the green food coloring make it more healthy? I'm assuming so because broccoli and kale are green therefore by gross misrepresentation of the transitive property green beer is also healthy?
Nice
So green paint is a no go? No beer either just green paint
Happy Birthday Zach!! Love mom🍀💚😘
Well, I didn't have green food coloring, so I substituted it with stevia, and I didn't have beer so I substituted it with beef broth, and it didn't look at all like the video and it tasted weird, which is definitely the recipe's fault. 1/5 stars.
Nobody:
A ladybug with a green hat: ysac
Instructions unclear: IRA exists now
This is probably your most complicated recipe to date
Directions to complicated I got my finger stuck in the blender 😞😞😞
I like how the video description is longer than the video
the video began and i thought this a sam o nella
Was he too drunk to make the rest of the video?
Instructions were very unclear. I ended up with red wine.
Can you replace the green food coloring with yellow food coloring instead?
Dude you need to be extra skillled person to make this beer
Can i make this if im not 18 :thinking:
Can you talk a little slower. My dog is purple now.
Thanks
why do you like ladybugs so much in your outros
Achoo
wtf is this
Love you but that’s too coloring for one cup lol a crazy amount of green in your mouth
My brother made me try home-brewed green beer when I was thirteen and a decade later it's still the grossest thing I've ever had.
You know another recipe you could have done for Saint Patrick's day? Green bread.
This leave me speechless
Lost it at the St. Patrick‘s beetle....
I can’t make this! 
It’s way to complicated!
Instructions unclear, made a fermented sandwich of justice and got in a bar fight
This video is wayyyyyyyyyy too short and on point
great story 10/10
Its such a difficult recipe! I just can't do it.
it's not even april the 1st and i feel pranked
Is that frobscottle irl?
Oh so its going to be one of those kind of YSAC videos
I'm sad this was so short but it was still great nonetheless
Didn't work.
0:50 I need that as my ringtone
Wait, let me write it down so i dont forget it
oh.
that ladybug is invasive aNd So ArE tHe IrIsH
You lazy sucker    Make more true dishes
I dont want to drink it green, do you have instructions on how to make the purple beer listed in the description?
Yey
"L'altra metà del mio sangue è italiana per rendermi più piccante"
I fucking love you 😂
Can someone please translate the Italian bit?
Also, thank you for the in-depth description.
This channel is literally everything I love. Cooking, comedy, and a good personality.
Ladybugs are Italian.....everyone knows that...
Bonus video 🙌🏽
i once found a four leaf clover
i was excited to take it home
it decomposed in my pocket
happy green man day


and it's especially bad because i'm mostly irish
wait but how like do i do it tho
When did you become casually explaned?
When you are too busy but you gotta give the people what they want
This recipe seems like it’s for experts
Favorite recipe yet
I remove watching you when I was 9
I wasted a min and a half on this video, worth it
i might just be to uncultured but i swear that cant be all the steps
Green beer is Leprechaun pee
Another video woww 😂
Easy
Im confused pls help
so cute!
Um, no.
Happy St Patrick's day everyone! 😊💚
This is the most complex recipe I've ever seen on this channel
The lady bugs tiny feet were just slap slap slap on the pavement as he festively strolled down the road to what I am hoping was his buddy’s st Patrick’s day get together
Green Beer joined the chat


Leprechauns joined the chat
I'm half-druid! Screw you, Paddy!
Two uploads in one week??? Pinch me cuz I think I’m dreaming
2 uploads a week!
Hahaa now I know  :D
Oh god. The instructions are too advanced. I accidentally made purple beer.
How come notifs don’t work
Would you try it in a bar?
Would you try it in a jar?
Would you drink it on a boat?
Would you drink it with a goat?
I need more!
I exist now
Yay new vid
Pretty sure april is still 2 weeks away
sam o’nella and ysac crossover
0:50
meh.
i thought were supposed to put green potatoes in! Thank you kanye very cool!
Loaded baked potato is recommended next video? Racist.
This video was weak but honestly its YSAC I dont care I love this guy you got me out of my depression so thanks.
2 videos in 1 week omg yay!
Tag urself I’m the ladybug
Translation from italian: "the other half of my blood is italian, to be a bit more spicy" :D
2 videos in a week and they're high quality. OMG
You need to enter these ladybug shorts to some film festival I'm getting misty over here.
really thought i was watching casually explained there for a sec
This recipe is too hard
This was the most beautiful story ever.
out of all the birthday presents i got, this one has to be my favorite
Damn it, I am colorblind. I will have to skip this one recipe, too advanced for me.
That art at the start was glorious
Don‘t know what else I expected.
I just watched a middle-schooler's flash animation in 4k. Why though?
Berliner Kindel is better
Bruh my beer turned into a rainbow wtf this guide sucks
oooooooooooooffffffffffffffffff
Can I add some pepper pepper pepper and still whang jangle it?
Why is my beer black?
How did you get your dog to wear that tiny costume?
Thanks bro, had that stuff at a pub years ago and could never find the recipe
can u make the rane go awai
I can’t drink beer but I think I might make an exception for this amazing recipe
You never dissapoint me
It's always videos like this that have the best descriptions
My favorite episode so far. Thank you
I accidentally added in some Jameson and Irish cream, then it blew up outside of a British Embassy. What did I do wrong?
I'm sorry I'm carnivore so I can't eat or drink something green. Could you possibly make an alternate version of this but for carnivore? Thanks
Hope you didn't make your Patreons pay for this.
I think I did something wrong. . ? I tried adding green food colouring to the bear but it attacked me?? what am I doing wrong???
Make a sweet roll from skyrim
As an Italian I feel proud of what you just said in half murdered Italian
That ladybug is adorable. But your dogs are better.
Well that's a quickie
Oh ok
Cool.
can someone tell me wtf he said in Irish (I'm guessing, not actually sure what language that is)
At the ending I thought my iPad died
I hate ads but I watch them so you get more money.
This is kind of advanced. I don’t recommend this for beginners.
Ok but how do I perform a blood transfusion?
I would love to see a collaboration between you and Bill Wurtz
This is the content I came for
0:00 - 0:31 Casually explained: green beer
YSAC posting a video twice in one week. Now that’s epic
That’s such an  outrages budget and complicated drink I hope I can make it properly
Today is blessed bc of this
I prefer the old method.  Before the internets took over. I pour by beer then add the food coloring and wang gangle it.  It's very complicated
I like how you draw
You just wanted to film a ladybug with a hat on didn’t you.
my favoritest how to yet
im here at 32minutes
Wtf this is insane i never thought id be seeing 2 episodes in the same week
Woah
WOW
How much did the lady bug get paid to act in this?
Yeah I suck, but do you?
Ok wtf.
Does this work with other colors?
Can you please provide a writing step by step on how to make this? Sorry I just don’t want to keep re-watching the video.
Imagine being a time traveller, going back in time to let's say the 19th century and telling people about the internet and YouTube and they don't believe you so you whip out your phone and show them this video as an example. 


I won't say anything else, just imagine it.
two video's in one week?
WOW!!!
Damn I just fell for this
SLOW DOWN
now what was step 1 again?
You sound a whole lot like Sam O'Nella.. Am I missing something
instructions unclear
This is a cool vid
Too hard. Need more easy way to do it.
Too complex
:)
Hi
Can’t relate. I’m from Asia. But beer is great tho.
Nice
je baited
Green Guinness you damn potato
Great video!! :P
Way too hard. Downvoted.
Bruh I don’t know how to do it plus I’m only 15
You are the goat of YouTube videos!!!
Wtf y tho?
bro ur friggin funny. sub to me people im working on me first vid. also again ur friggin funny. probably the funniest uruber out there
That recipe is a little hard for me
Can you make it simpler
Episode 87 of getting my feelings hurt because I suck at cooking.
Best video of all time
Watching this extremely hungover is not ideal
Don't know what I expected when I clicked on this
still too complex for me //:
not enough potatoes 
0/10 would not recommend
Sqquueeeee that tiny little hat  on that ladybug
That intro made me moister than an oyster.
What? I dont get this recipe its too advanced.
Great, but I don't want this
Nah I better make beer
Lol he uploaded twice I am scared
Wow have to rewatch it like 10 times just to follow the recipe
Pardon?
Coolio
Potato potato potato. I love me some potatoes
How тархун is made
I’m confused, is there a cheats method?
I’m beer and this video about green Irish was great. Slante!
I like how he wrote 4 paragraphs on adding colouring to green beer and drinking it
Thank you man... very cool
Instructions unclear. My skin is now green.
I wish other tutorials could be this quick
I can see you're an art major
Finally a recipe I only moderately suck at.
Two videos within a week? Bless
Thank you ysac, very cool.
The lady bug returns..... with a hat.
Only pugs drink green beer



And pugs are superior
favorite episode yet
....i really didnt know what to expect from this one :P
LOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLL!!!!!
How much add rev did u get for this 20 minute video
that's not the kinda history education the world deservs...but the only the world needs....
Wow 2 vids?!!
Everyone ready to get trashed today
Great now I just have wait for 6 years before I can drink it
SHREK PEE. SHREK PEE. SHREK PEE.
"2 videos in a week"
"You didn't say pepper pepper pepper"
"Holy sh** that animation"








CAN WE JUST FOCUS ON THAT LADYBUG SIZED HAT!!?
My transfusion bag opened up inside of my beer before I added the green. What do I do?
I replayed the vid 15 times so i can better understand how to make green beer 🍺
Wow...two uploads in one month 👌🏾
Like my comment im to lazy to come up with something creative 😂
even with a recipe this simple I'd still probably burn something
Honestly I don't know what I was expecting
Shamrock not clover. SHAMROCK
That escalated quickly.
il mio sangue non e' piccante
Instructions unclear: created nuclear waste
food coloring? that's the secret ingredient? wow i would've never guessed
A lady o'bug
Woahhhhhhhh
watch people on Instagram go crazy over this. Buzzfeed will do a story. Then Oprah will interview the beer. It's going to be MASSIVE.
Lol oh.
Is any easier way to get this? This method is so complicated.
Instructions unclear, my potatoes became inedible.
Damn it... I can’t drink yet... Still don’t know how I’m still alive.
nice
OMG!! Buying the materials for the recipe must be so expensive!!
"Is this an out of season April Fool's joke?"
Instructions Unclear, reunited Northern Ireland with Ireland
Description is a masterpiece
Yo I tried this recipe and it just set my entire house on fire. tf bro ?
instructions unclear: house is on fire
But what kind of beer? How much dye? Idk man this recipe seems a bit tricky for me
I added pepperpepperpepper before finishing your video. It ruined my beer! Serves me right for skipping ahead.
So we waited 5 days for 1:00 worth of content😑
Happy Druid Eradication Day!
Upvoted for that outro alone
Delson did a big fart
Simplicity at its finest...
Instructions unclear, I'm not funny
😂
I never knew thanks
Oof
The directions to make green beer were really unclear i have cancer now, what the heck.
So where are you from America or what
Awesome, thanks YSAC. Happy potato day yall... I'm going to go make some green hash browns and beer now.
came here for a green beer recipe, left with an emotional story about existentialism changing my life as i know it forever
According to the song I suck at cooking

Which is true
I’m already confused, when do we put the beer in?!?!?!?!!
Should I add the beer first? Or the food coloring?
it took me waaay too long to figure out the thing at the end was a ladybug
Aye it's my birthday today, thank you :)
2 videos? Are you ok?
I legit thought that was a real mini hat on that ladybug lol
How long did it take you to make this recipe?
Well played on the green side of life. "luck of the suck."
Pls make a red version for christmas
This video was way too long for my tastes. 0/10 from me
I thinks I messed up I can only see green. Crap I mixed the food coloring with my eye drops
watching this instead of doing homework ... it was so worth it
Beautiful story. 😭
leprechaun pee
ní hé sin an chaoi a ndéanann tú beoir go bhfuil tú ag leathcheann den domhan seo gan dua a fháil
What if you don’t have beer, can you make a different version of the recipe please. I’m 12.
no u suk :'( :'( :'(
A fitting tribute to the shittiest holiday other than Christmas.  I don't go out on St Patty's anymore because all the CHUDs erupt from the netherworld to get drunk and I feel obligated to break up the fights they start all day and all night.
0:40
L'altra metà del mio sangue è italiana per rendermi un po' (?)

The other half of my blood is italian to make me a bit (?)
Clicked on this thinking "There's no way he's gonna actually make beer from scratch, surely he'll just add some coloring to beer".
Was not disappointed.
Am from northern Ireland and can confirm this is how you make green beer
You could put a clover in there and a bit of gold
That was buitufl u r a god
OMG recent upload!
damn thats to hard can you please make another video with more detail
This ladybug looks like drunk
i tried to follow the recipe but i kinda have my dog in the toaster and i dont really know what i did wrong. pls help
I don't always drink green beer but when I do....i drink it fast so it doesn't stain my mouth, dog, or 👕
You're not fooling me, GLaDOS. We all know that that's just liquid neurotoxin.
shit i thought you were bill wurtz for a sec
time to get hammered
Thanks mate
👏
I think I’m in love with you.
This tutorial is to advance please simplify it
Shrek drink.
lol i hate you right now
Wow two episodes in a week!
"and therefor the the enjoyment"

Spell check was drunk when you typed out the description.
Bootiful drawings, Oh my beer.
Wow 81 seconds only?! Next video may be 30...
That's it! I want more!
😂
Thanks for uploading earlier i love you
I really wanted to know about some nice drink that makes beer look green :(
Nice to see you breaking the bank for this one
0:32 when you finally piss after holding it in
Best!!!!
Muy Caliente!
Wow thx man
I am german so you should apology for this blasphemy, we invented the beer
Is the real life?
Is this two vids in one week?
Instructions unclear, ended up with a Red/White Beer with Stars.
Face reveal?
Wow two videos in one week
What happend to the eggs?
As a German i will now commit sewer side
kinda racist.........
very good mmmhh yummy
Tweet the dip: https://ctt.ec/459X5
Facebook the dip: https://hrefshare.com/41f4b
Ignore tf out of the dip:
That guitar solo caught me off guard

But in a good way
I love the fact that the bean dip song is now a meme on this channel
Was definitely not expecting that guitar solo at the end lol
Probably my favorite YouTube channel right now. So much work goes in every video...
That’s a good 𝕔𝕙𝕚𝕡 𝕕𝕚𝕡 𝕥𝕚𝕡
Whenever I’m about to forget this channel exists a new video is uploaded
That cat in the snow looks very majestic. let that cat know how majestic it is for me please.
1: sourcream&onion dip
2: sourcream&onion dip
3: sourcream&onion dip
Btw guys have you tried sourcream&onion dip?
The cat at the end is like 

Pls stop I just wanna clean myself
This actually taught me a cool way to fold chip bags. Thanks, friend.
The chip dip song was the sequel (threequel?) we never knew we needed
THE FIREPLACE. Your attention to detail is immaculate. Also I don't know how you keep finding these animals but please more of this beautiful cat <3
At a graveyard... Rip Dip
Eating out... Tip Dip
Being a creepy OC artist... Ship Dip
2 dips... Dip Dip
Ads... Skip Dip
i showed you to my friends and one of them had a dream that her mom quit her job to cook like you
Thumbs up for fur babies at the end.
HAHAHAHA, "Ask permission before sending Dip Pics" fantastic!
I NEED MORE CAT DIGGING IN THE SNOW





Oh I forgot. Nice chip dip recipe.
My younger brother almost killed us all cause he sprayed pesticide in the dip.
You should do a "not a face reveal just a regular video" for your 2million sub video.
I thoroughly enjoyed this video, except for the discrimination.  Kale gets thrown into the corner of the kitchen but a bag of chips gets kicked next to the front door.  I can't stop watching the song over and over--the guitar solo was awesome!  Can't wait for the next one!
I prefer to use genetically altered chips where they grow in a bowl shape right off the vine
What if i dip my salt and vinegar chips in salt and vinegar dip
do you remember?
...the twenty-first night of september?
I was not expecting that guitar solo. Very nice.
The best chip dip is the nacho cheese sauce at the supermarket
Awww his dog grew a winter coat. So cute, but the cat is cuter 🥰 it’s so cute and fluffy and beautiful

Edit: Wait, since when do cats dig holes? And how is that cat just chillin’? My cat would of freak out big time, but ya know...that’s just my cat
It's like the alexander hamilton song but for chip dip
Your videos are always trending. I remember when you had 35k subs lol man you rock. Keep up the quality content
When these drop, it becomes the highlight of my day.
I’m impressed by the way you play the algorithm. A chip dip video just in time for the Super Bowl 🤯. . .  oh wait
Whelp. That's the first time I've seen a chip get hard.
😂😂😂😂😂 just found your channel! I love it .  Cold humor is my favorite!
You’re back!!! 
Just so you know: 
I will still find you. And I will still (consentingly) date you. 😠
Who else has seen every single one of these?
‘Chips coated in dry dips’ omfg I didn’t look at it that way
the dog in all its silliness with the oh so serious kitty.
Everything about these videos are awesome. The commentary, the cooking, the songs, the animal montage, just great. 👌🏻
"Ask permission before sending dip pics"
This one got me xD
The pocket in the chip bag had me dying
OMG ITS A COVER OF MY FAV YSAC SONG BEET DIP 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼🔥🔥🔥
One of the best channels on YouTube
Instructions unclear I ended up making a guitar out of chips
New video yay I can be early!

notification 6 hours ago

FUUUU
I'm glad no butter was harmed today

Thank you good sir
PLEASE tell me the cat's name is Chip and the dog's name is Dip
YSAC and BWB dropping on the same day? we are truly blessed
4:15 
Damn that guitar solo tho..



 he's using a telecaster btw
I swear this channel has never put out a video that’s anything less than amazing. I love YSAC so much 😭
Why do I keep forgetting that this guy has the best quality content in all of YouTube??
Please upload your background music.
We need this in our lives
What do you call a flying potato?
A levitater
yo.
youtube just recommend me this vid about wordsmith doing some cooking.
and i love it
Lmao.... almost 30 here and I still sift out the onion soup mix so I only get powder. My family always tells me I have the pallet of a 5yr old, now I guess its true.
Snow pets <3
Can never get enough of bean/beet/chip dip song
"Flavored chips are just chips covered in dried dip." YSAC, 2019
god /DAMN/ those are some beautiful pets you have
What is the name of your doggo and catto?? I want to praise them 😂😂💀
Its my third time watching this video and just got the The 'limp' chip joke. Paused,laughed and felt better about myself than i have in weeks. Good one >
I thumbs up because I love your teddy bear dog and sweet cat.
“I like it a bit less strong, much like your biceps”

OUCH YOU BURN ME
20% of people looking for actual content
80% of people waiting for the dog/cat/music-video good feel at the end.
I actually could remember the time when chip+dip was pure joy
what is onion soup?!
also, do you have paprika flavor over there?
I have never seen a cat digging a hole in the snow. That is a badass kitty.
Eating the best kind of chips...pringles
Your on trending great job!!! 😀
Finally a sequel to beet dip🤠
I was gonna check for a new video yesterday, but I forgot to.
I came back today
good thing i waited
1:45 "i like it a bit less strong, just like your bicep"

SHOTS FIRED
"Do you remember" THE 21ST NIGHT OF SEPTEMBER
This looks delicious. Thanks for this great video!
Sour cream and onion dip is definitely in the top 5 best foods.
Omg. How many dogs do you have? Share with the rest us FFS
You missed the perfect opportunity to say "Chip Pick" when playing the guitar
You get more creative everytime and I'm proud of you for keeping the quality good all this time 😊
Ask permission before sending dip pics what a slapper 🎶
Am I the only one who's seen every video but never made any of his recipies?

No?

Just me?
Came for the chip dip, stayed for the cute snow pets
Oml this is so funny I'm crying 😂😂😂😂😂
Flavored chips being just plain chips with dried dip on them really hit me hard.
You should make a video on how to heat up leftovers.

Like the correct way to microwave pasta (water + wet paper towel) and the fact that microwaving fried chicken and pizza is a travesty and could be considered one of the most sacrilegious food crimes.
Chips and dip were and still ARE my top five things.
I don’t know about anyone else but I am here to watch this dog at the end grow up
Imagine if YSAC and HowToBasic did a crossover.
I remember when bean dip was the OG YSAC bop...but chip dip... even better
Damn! That's a good chip dip video..
This is officially my favorite trilogy in the world. “This is... the greatest and best song in the world.” - Jack Black, Tenacious D
my dad went to get some chip dip and never came back
Easily my favorite channel on YouTube. Lol
Thumbs up for the lectric guit solo my man
I LOVE the BoJack-style assonance. More pls
you play guitar too..?
Great one too is just mayo and sweet chilli souce
How fun -a kitty too. 
Thumbs up for hard-swatting the packet away
Stop, you are killing me with rhymes! Love the vids!
Chip dip, it's not beat dip
Next, air 97 ways.
He got way more subscribers with that guitar solo
"How does it work, magnetic dip?

Greatest lyric of 2019.
That guitar solo👌🏼
DIP DIP DIP!!
When will you be doing the 360° Pineapple Inverted Pie?
I thought it was another classical dip song but I was totally wrong. Guitar solo was amazing!
Nice bendy solo, mind giving the tabs? I cant really tell what frets ur playing on
Pretty kitty

Also, epic solo bruh
Sad how health consciousness is preventing us from eating tasty foods and helping us live longer
God I think I love you....... 





Chip dip #1, I love the first dip
so the first dip iss a classic kiwi dip, if you add a teaspoon of lemon juice or vinegar then put it in the fridge for 20-30 min before devouring you now have the CLASSIC KIWI DIP!!!
I always skip anime ending but this channel! I never skip
Uhhh it's actually crisps you absolute cretin.



But srsly I want a pimblok-cat in the future pls thanx
Dude make an album with all them mouth watering songs of yours. Appreciate your original and unique content. Obviously quite worked hard on.
Wait a minute another post on 3 weeks?
woah your doing good
Ayyyyy my man is on tending
Wait.. who eats kettle chips with dip? I've never done or seen that in my life.
DO YOU REMEMBER
WHEN WORK WAS FUN
Holy shit I'm early. I feel so proud.
I love salt and vinegar chips but I'm allergic to them
But I keep eating the,
Thank you for using the "Dip" song music from Greg's bean dip video.
salt & vinegar chips is Top5
This is the YouTube i grew up with! THE YOUTUBE OF *CREATORS*....
for the longest time I stopped watcihng this channel and forgot about it
I'm so glad I remembered it and got back into watching this channel
I LOVE COOKING
but I suck at cooking
yeah I totally suck
That mix tape was fire! 🔥🔥🔥
Only here for blizzardcat.
I have gone back and refolded all the bags of chips in my cabinets the way you did XD
Slapping the onion soup packet with the fish slice. He deserved it 😁
That was great I'm not going to lie your videos haven't been good in a long time but I really enjoyed this one
This would have been helpful BEFORE the Super Bowl!
I liked this solely for the cat 👀
Have you been busy? I really love this channel and the content you make. I miss the frequent uploads
10/10 good chips dips I liked the cat
The Regular Car Reviews of cooking channels
Did u play that bridge?   Amazzzeballs!  
That was mighty good . Thanks 4 the chortle Mel.
Has a cute dog + has a cute cat + makes chip dips = marry me pls
i thought he was gonna say “do you remember... the 21st night of september...”
I feel like you are the romantic type of guy
Stick a white flag in it and you've got defeat di- oh, wait, wrong recipe
I knew this would make my day before I even watched it!!😂😂😂 Thanks again YSAC! 👍🏼
I'm loving the addition of hostessing tips. Let's get a lifestyle channel.
Your vids honestly make life better 🙏😩🙏😊
End song highly reminiscent of Beet Dip
For the elevator he used a flimsy chip D:
These dips look like the stuff you use to seal a crack 🤭🤢
I really have to sleep but your videos are so good I can't stop watching them!
All those familiar melodies 😂 great, classic mix. Are you high tho? Lol
on only OGs remember pierogdogs "thats a damn good pierogdog"
you should start a music channel my guy
why didn't you make a chip dip made of crushed flavored chips?
the pesticide made it bitter but other than that its fin-





call 911 please
3:44
Now remember not to double dip with comunal chips.

If you think you might have double dippers in your midst when you whip up that dip tape a pair of double dipping scissors with good grip to the lips so they won't slip in the bacteria drenched tips of the chips can be snipped real quick. And add a thick rip resistant drip strip so you don't end with a dip slick on your thick picnic stick. Which shouldn't be lying around anyways. It's a picnic stick not a cupboard stick. For a truly bacteria-free chip shift use tweezers to swiftly dip, lift and stick without flicking the lips. SIIIICK!



Chip dip

It's not flip dip

But if it went by really fast then I'd probably call it blip dip

Load your chip up too much and then it'd probably be drip dip.

Spill it on the floor, be careful slip dip.

Chip dip

It's not lip dip

When I pour it on a jack knife then it's well-equipped dip

In the top-10 yeah that's hit dip

Eat too many at once and you've got guilt trip dip

Pass the atmosphere on a space ship dip

Chip dip slacking off years of pink slip dip

Floating in the water got some skinny dip dip

Naturally adhesive that's a real good grip dip

Chip dip
In a pinch dip

If you want it partially used then go to a dealership dip

Brag about your awesome ego trip dip

You're so very clever with your really quick quip dip

Let's go a find a ring fellowship dip

Ask permission before sending dip pics

Eat it in the country like a real good hick dip

Turn it to 11 then it's time to let it rip dip



Let's roll it's time for some rick dip

Didn't use a strainer gonna need a toothpick dip

How my chips are gonna get a drop-kick dip

How does it work magnetic dip

Chip dip, you're just chip dip

You're chip dip, just chip dip

Oh chip dip, you're chip dip

Yeah

Chip dip
Hey man actually enjoy your music, please make more
do you remember when ysac is uploading consistently
That secret last few chips pocket, gold.
Congrats on being #26 on trending
Please make an entire video with just the beautiful cat!
Just wanted to say that the Salt and Vinegar Dip is very mayo-ie (?) even if you only use about two thirds of the mayo. If you´re a fan of that, great, me not so much. Still tastes nice though, and it goes really well with egg toast. Love your vids!
I recommend chopsticks for a truly bacteria free chip experience. Works for other snacks as well!
picnic stick - lol,my grandson talks like you now when fixing food,he's 13.
The end is straight fire bro 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I used microweb carbon fiber nanotube chips and broke my jaw.
Dip picks
You that read wrong 
you read that wrong too
Hilarious and informative, as always.
The Cat Twangle At The End
Snow pets and a cover of beet dip <3
Sure,  you can buy at Salt and Vinegar chips if you’re:
A) Lazy
B) like Salt and Vinegar chips
LMFAO!!!
       ~~ newbie subscriber
easily the most confusing youtuber to a newcomer
This -dip tune has got to be my most favourite! Beans, beets, chips - they all work so well in the song!
You should upload the songs separately so i can request them on twitch streams
I'm lazy and like salt and vinegar chips soooooo
crunch crunch crunch
Lol wtf is happening near the end here 😂😂😂 either way, i subbed. Dope content bro.
Jesus Christ your videos make me laugh 👍
Now that's what I call a banger! Chip dip! #1 on the charts
It seems like YouTube has start to censor the word suck
And I have difficulty finding your channel now
1:05 wait! What how did it get 
Hard? 




Oh nevermind
Snarky remark, quip dip
Knows Morse? Blip dip
Turned into a drink? Now you can sip dip
“ask permission before sending dip pics”
I enjoyed the inclusion of a cat.
My ears and eyes enjoyed this.
Now they will help me make the perfect dip.
The dip is flavor town, the chip is the delivery train.
Is there a chip dip that doesn’t have sour creme?
You forgot about wangjangling canned chili and velveeta cheese in a saucepan on medium heat until it looks both parts cheese and chili
YSAC needs a Spotify :(
So buddy, when is your face reveal going to be? 5 million subscribers?
Ima dip Salt and Vinegar Chips in the Salt and Vinegar Dip...
WE NEED PLAY ALONG LYRICS!!!
4KHELL YEAH!!
Reduced cream a bit of vinegar onion soup and you have the kiwi dip
Weak chips make me sick. The nano stuff is realy what you need.
Just adding onion soup mix is pretty basic, adding warshire and paprika really kicks it up a notch and still keeps it easy to make.
Should have been a spicy flavored dip because those bars were LIT
Ask permission before you send dip pics. Lmao.
first flaw of the video: i thought in the opening that you were going to sing the lyrics of "September" in a deep voice but no, only the first line. disappointed.
damn.. that solo
when will you upload these songs on spotify? orr youtube is fine too
You are a beautiful soul. I would show you so much consensual appreciation if I got the chance to meet you in person.
Instructions unclear: I ended up being a guitar riffs master
I don't  like how when you say the ing sound, you say "ene" ex(liftene)
We got two dip songs now- im fucking loving it, make an album so i can jam to dip licks
4:14 when you want to be a chef but you're a singer
Hello, I just want to suggest that you can make a playlist about Cooking for Students
Your audience could be: overseas students who live in flat and need to cook on their own, or anyone who study full time and need a bunch of simple recipe to make their dishes more variety.
your songs at the end are underrated. best part of the video everytime
3:05 well it doesn't taste good, it tastes amazing. the pesticide really brings out the flavor
4:15 Top Ten Anime Sequels
Sound effects, timing, poetry(?), guitar solo, and an overstuffed cat = perfection!
It's midnight here.





I'm hungry.
I just love this channel so damn much
Gasp....kitty
I was waiting for a certain someone coming and screaming at you at the top of his lungs.
How do you hit the feels with every video smh
Boring flavor is honestly the best chip flavor
Soft chips can go Haista jätkä paska.
Love the Spinal Tap reference, love all of it. Please never stop, you're just the best.
I told my Snapchat story about u idk how many people now watch ur videos from their
I think we both subconsciously wanted you to sing "chip dip" to the melody of The Joker - Steve Miller Band
what part of Canada are you from? 
i'm guessing you're from Canada because of the dressed-all-over ruffles
Bless you and you random rhymes and happy animals
THICC picnic s t i c k
That sweet guitar riff tho!
Why is there fake fire in the fireplace at 3:42?
I used your base, 1/2 cup sour cream, 1/2 cup mayo,1tsp mustard and I used 1tsp Worcestershire sauce, grated parmesan cheese and a squirt of lime.
Damn I came for a food vid stayed for the track dip rhymes with so many things
Sour cream and a packet of ranch seasoning is what’s up.
AKA "Rhyme time, no crime, doin' fine."
You... You uploaded
hey beat dip song is back with another verse!!!!
dude you got a new subscriber
This would have been great just before the Superbowl.... But even better after a bowl of frosty flowers hahaha! 🌬️💨💨💨
That chip getting hard definitely deserves a thumbs up
S I C C
This was amazing.  You earned your subscription.  Awesome job. Love the humor! 😀
the return of the dip beat got me really happy for some reason
paused halfway through the vid and made one. amazing taste. family loved it. took 5 min
My favorite dipping chip is the reduced salt rippled Lays.  Is this the first time a cat has made an appearance? Nice guitar solo! 👍
Washes hands after dirty joke lmfao 😆
0:12 I DO!!!!
Your songs remind me of the Steve Miller band and I I like it
U love your videos but you only post once a month😢
Seriously,  I think your cat wanted some privacy to finish it's business!
“Irregular flavored chips, chips covered in dry dip” lol
Can you do a collaboration with jacksfilms?
Bean dip 
Beat dip 
CHIP DIP
Dogs and cats in the snow plus sick guitar riffs. This video has it all.
4:15
Chip dip, it's not a flip dip
but if it went by really fast then I'd probably call it quick dip
load your chip up too much then it'd probably be drip dip
spill it on the floor, be careful slip dip

chip dip, it's not flip dip.
when I pour it on a jackknife then it's well equiped
in the top 10 yeah that's hit dip
eat too many at once and you've got guilt triped

OMG, it goes on for like, 2 more minutes, that's enough.
I loved the instrumental on this one great work!
its like how to basic, but with understandable talking, and actual recipes
1:00 almost missed the boner chip joke. Thats solid pun intended.
Someone tell me how is it possible to make a funny video that is also of the highest quality?
That is a really good doggo give’em a pat for me
Didn’t know he could do a riff dip. (I suck at rhyming)
That cat is so very Canadian. ❤️
Those are some pretty weird 'chips'.  What's next?  'Fish and crisps'?!  


Marvellous video as always though!  Glad to see "pepper, pepper, pepper" is back and those pets... can I borrow them?
Thumbs UP... if you Loved the pair of firm potatoes
Omg!!!!

That's a cat!!!!
😸😸😸😸😸😸😸😸😸😸😸😸
Yo I just ate chips right after school 😂
Let's try for 10 or less on trending 🍪(close enough to a chip)
S N O W K I T T Y
For a channel who puts out comedic cooking videos, you have AMAZING production quality! 4K slo-mo shots outside, your own music (which is actually good), awesome recipes that are easy to make and follow, and great comedic style. Love your videos, keep them coming!
The cutest cat-dog combo chip dip song I have ever seen/heard in my entire existence
The cat was such an amazing addition to the video. It’s exactly what I wanted
#35 on trending
That guitar solo was hecking KILLER
One of the best songs I've heard in a while
That pepper pepper pepper made my day. Lol. I feel a little guilty cuz I just stole my brothers chips from his drawers. They made up my late night snack. I tried easy chip dip#3. 😎 That was awesome! Hats off man!!
Nano-web of woven micro fiber strengthening lines
you mentioned the part of "store extra chips" ? how do you get extra chips - you either eat it whole or eat more .. there is no way you can leave extra leftover chips - such heresy
Lol. This is my favorite channel
Sour cream + cream cheese + ranch powder + zesty Italian seasoning for a pita chip dip
oh mister you suck at cooking, would love to thank u for the blessing of ur videos
AM I FIRST? JK I LOVE YOU
Its the same song as BEET DIP! AND WE LOVE IT!
This channel is the only thing keeping me alive I swear
god your cat is so photogenic
3:43 I goddamn love this fireplace
get yourself a man with a  nice voice, can cook and play guitar!
I made the onion dip like this for years 
pro tip: get the good stuff, cheap soup is often very starchy and you dont want that in your dip!
Sick guitar solo!
that cat better be inside! or i'm going to send the chiphitman and you'll never see your delicious chips & dip ever again!
0:58 best part of the video ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
OMG, it took me 2 re-watches at 1:00 for me to understand what had just happened... I don't like it
Wow this guy's voice is incredibly low.
The song in the end is legit amazing dude
1:00 I thought the Valentine's special was last episode
1:48 why do I feel personally attacked
This recipe was straight 🔥
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!! FRICK YOU BABISH!!! jk ilyt
You actually show us tutorials and also make funny joke
Why does the intro sound like a 5 gum commerical 😂
This channel needs merch
I prefer to eat my dip with a large straw or spoon. Chips just defile the taste.
Is this the first cat we’ve seen on YSAC?
So glorious ^_^
im so hungry now why must you do this to me >:O
Thank you for the wonderful video! 😊
I’ve missed you so much 😭😭😭
whenever anyone says “dip” my brain immediately goes, “ bean dip its not a mean dip...” 
i haven’t seen that video since it was released, my mind has been infected.
I’m  glad he’s still doing this, I love this😂😂
Your dog needs some cleats or something. He has just generally terrible grip
Naturally adhesive that's a real good grip dip
5:43  cat was about  to drop chip dip xD    ur welcome ;)
You sound like idk a lil bit pink guy?
Now that you mention it, Its been a while since I had chip and dip
1:46 "I like it to be less strong, much like your biceps.:"
I thought I was getting a poetic version of September by Earth, Wind & Fire for a second there
Beet Dip (Chip Dip Redux)
just thinking if you used a scale in grams or ounces to measure you could avoid having to scrape all the ingredients off the cup, instead adding them all straight in to the bowl
i was so waiting for "the twentyfirst night of september"
The chip dip song is basically the melody of the chorus of "The Joker" By the Steve Miller Band
Spring is about to start and i have some concerns about pimblopto 

Did i spell his name right?
irregularily flavored chips🤣
The cat shots are truly majestic.
Babish and ISAC upload on the same day?
Dude. They way you folded up your bag of chips was one of the greatest things I've learned from you. I'm going around my apartment folding anything in bag form. I can't stop and it's ruining my relationships. That's ok, because sealing in freshness is what it's really all about.
If u put that song on spotify I will download it immediately
Top ten rappers eminem was afraid to diss
The cat is super adorable ❤️
1. Bean Dip
2. Beet Dip
3. Chip Dip
Whats Next...





fry dip
Ah, I hear that the Bean Dip Song got another sibling! <3    Bravo!
He's back at it again with another classic dip bop!
METAL SPOON IN METAL MEASURING CUP MADE MY TEETH HURT
Are you casually explained?
Where can I buy your album?
IT'S A CAT! ALSO BEET DIP SONG
pesticides are my secret ingredient for a killer chip dip
Yay finally a new video!!!thanks yoir hilarious
Guitar chip pick
To stick dip or to slip dip, that is the questdip
D I P




comment more words that rhyme with dip in order to help our lord YSAC with his raps
CAT CAT CAT CAT BIG BOI CAT
yasssss version 2 of the best song on this channel!
I almost did not click on this video. I'm so glad I did :D
Are you making Commercials then the song is so good...
Where has your level of crazy been all my life?
Hello, Humans. There is a place that doesn't have sand or water. A place that allows you to manipulate the very fabric of reality. Nothing can prepare you for the unknown. The water and sand throughout the universe will create life. That life will end, in order to create more sand and water. Sometimes in life....

TERRANCE OUT
Quality over quantity I love it
The bowl thing is actually a good hack
Unfortunately I regret to inform you I had to pause the video and go get some chips and dip
What's an Oven Soup Mix?
That song is the kind of stuff i come up with after a hard night out drinking...
That cat footage is so blessed
I love your voice man!!!!!
1970: We'll have flying cars in the future.
2019: We'll have flying cars in the future.
Chips are just dip vehicles.
I've actually never seen any chips except tortillia chips served with a dip...
your videos make my day. ty for allowing me to have a mental outlet.
amazing ending 11/10
How dare you call my regular chips boring, he may be regular but he is still full of tasty
That chip bag thing blew my mind
The best content on the market about food and music
Make some chicken and dumpling next
I love your music videos...and the recipes are nice addition
I am going to say this one more time. Release the sound track on Bandcamp and  get rich dip.
Use yogurt and save loads of fat n calories and baked chips.
Onion soup mix is hi salt Mel.
I DIDN'T GET THE NOTIF. IM SORRY I DIDN'T COME SOONER
"dip pic"
I feel like not enough people know about this channel
Your videos are the best part of my Tuesday!
Which is better, beet dip or chip dip?
My god. This really was a magnificent episode.
Can believe a chip dip vid made me laugh
Fun fact: double dipping shares the same of amount of germs as single dipping
God I love this channel and you.... This brings me so much happiness
I'm in love with this channel.
Ysac uploads
Wtf, there are secrets to eating chips holy hell XD
That guitar solo was badass! You must be the Canadian Buckethead, only without the bucket!
The 8 people who disliked are how to basic fans
“I like it a bit less strong, much like your biceps”
I never thought I would be burned while making chip dips.
A balsamic affogato. Clever
Hmmmmmmm but I love when the dip is from cheese 🤔 🤔 🤔
The simplest dip is just plain sour cream, let the chip flavor be enhanced by the sour cream.
1:00 okay, this is genius.
Heights of loneliness
That is one cool cat...(S)he definitely needs hip dip!
Is it bad that I thought he was going to say "Do you remember...the 21st of September?"
Bruh that cat got stupid thicc muscles.
It's my birthday. And I'm eating chips and dip. Yay.
Your cat looked magestic
I appreciate that you didn't trip on a single quip in your 3 easy chip dips clip.
4:27
I’m a joker, I’m a smoker, I’m a midnight toker
Woah there brotha you got too much dip on ya chip
My favorite dip is just a little bowl of mayo and then raising the spice cupboard and eyeballing and tasting until it's just right. Simple and delicious
DR. SEUSS WHO?!
The dip sequel was an extremely pleasant surprise. 💕
@3:43 Who keeps a fake fire around??? Hahahahaha
KITTY!!!!
What's up with that Flerken? Those things are dangerous!
That guitar solo scared the fck out of me lol.
KITTY!!!!
Top ten rappers Eminem was too afraid to diss
BEAT DIP!!!
more of the kitty pls and thanks
First vid I’ve watched of him.... addicted
This guy is amazing
I put my hand up on your hip, when I dip you dip we dip
artistic shitposts are always my favorite
I dont like salt and vinegar chips.
I love salt and vinegar chips.
This is my new favorite channel
I love all of the dip songs. So glad there’s a new one
Oooh i get it all the dip vids have a certain tune! Omg what if its one mega dip song?
Now this is some quality content
Beet dip remix!
Your voice makes me happy
Thats some rad chip dip solp
There's something so soothing and visually pleasing about seeing the mixing process
Thumbs up for espresso and gelato reference.
But how do you make dip chips?
Ruffles Cheddar and Sour Cream + Sour Cream dip = contradiction.
I like my chips with dry rub
But isn't a normal chip already dipped in Salt? You're using unstable-already flavored-chips!!
I've actually never had chip dip
I got all nostalgic and then dude was like “yah me neither” like dude.
I put too much soup mix in my chip dip
Do you have tabs for that tasty dip lick?
I'm a simple man, YSAC uploads, I click.
Hunger has entered the chat


Hunger is typing...
Your alliteration at the end was on point
Honest question: How did you do those close ups of your dog running?
Ask permission before sending dip pics.
My heart lurches every time you upload
1:00 
flimsy chip spots potatoes (boobs)
Puts out of camera veiw
pulls back in camera view

Oh..
Idk why but I think he's Canadian
Isaac (what i'm calling you because of ysac) how many animals do you have?!
3:48 Dr. Seuss has entered the chat
Haha the soft chip got hard had me rolling
Songs too similar to beet dip
Ask permission before sending dip pics!
is this song on spotify?
So basically Dirty Dips Done Dirt Chip I guess
Also good for French fries! Keep up the good work!! ❤❤❤❤
The Puppy is getting so big!!!
"
Ask permission before sending dip pics"
Secret Chip pocket 😂😂😂
Don't forget to ban anyone who double dips
Daaamn that's a good chipdipeirogi.
This is the best channel on YouTube
You have a real genius with filming your pets.  The doggie looks like he's having the best time ever.  Even the cat seems to be having fun.
Face reveal
I think I gained weight just by watching you eat that deliciously nostalgic onion dip!! The cat made it worth everything, though, haha. I remember the first time my cat walked on snow; she was excited but sooo confused. 😹
WANG ...................☆......JANGLE
Where do I like this the second time
Wow - love the video and the song. Thank you.
I think there's a lucky emblem around here....
Love your vids, don't stop being amazing.
What if you made a chip dip out of chips
WTF that was a sick guitar solo!
Instructions unclear, duct tape now in dip :p
Those are some good ones, ive done dip with minced garlic and/or jalapeno with black pepper
Were u bored and that’s why u made this vid ? It would make sense 🤭
I love this dramatic intro
13/10 pets would give pats all day.  But SONGGGGGGG OVER 9000 ❤️
damn that's a good chip dip
you absolutely killed the song this time
HOW MANY GODDAMN DIPS IS THIS ABSOLUTE MADLAD GONNA MAKE????
that little Kanye reference got me shook

Mayonnaise color benz I push miracle whips
Dude, how many pets do you have?
the comments on this video are the weirdest things ever omg
Best chip dip is cream cheese dip. 

1 bar Philadelphia cream cheese (cubing before hand makes the next process easier)

About 1/2 cup milk

Table spoon garlic powder

Pinch of salt. 

Place cream cheese in bowl with milk and mush with a fork until creamy and there are no lumps. Then add garlic powder and salt and mix well. If the dip is too thick add a little milk but make sure you start with too little milk since you can’t help the dip if it is too wet. 
Serve with Doritos (nacho cheese) and ruffles (original). Enjoy!
BEET DIP REMIX YESSSS
This popped up in my recommended and I did not expect that jam at the end! Best part of the video.
wow subtly rick rolled
Sick trip guitar solo
The dog trying to share his ball with the cat, was the sweetest thing I saw today.
Omg the beet dip song was my favorite song and now I know it’s actually the dip theme. My brain.
Anybody who disliked the video accidentally pressed the dislike button while trying to like
Psychologists suggest watching THIS MAN's videos to DESTROY depression!
is that you on the guitar?!
Ketchup, mayo and pickle relish and you got mac saaaaaaauuuuuuuse
Throw it and you got good yeet dip
THE DIP SONG IS BACK
This is the best thing since sliced bread dip
Finally a sequel to the beet dip song my favorite song!
Чувствую как смешно, но не понимаю((
Good episode and great song! Now to watch the other 85 episodes again! :)
Once again love the ending songs lol
Weak chips are...WEAK!!
Oh god damnit know I'm hungry
Best channel on YouTube.
Am i the only one who uses this channel as their only diy cooking show
3:03 I think you meant herbicide. but hey, who really know?
Underrated channel
The beet dip cover😍😍
I just want to eat some chips with dips not a nostalgic remainder of our lives
POST MORE OFTEN 😭
4:28 When you auditioned for and got the part of "Ending time dog #2 " in a YSAC video and you're trying to play it cool cause you're actually cat but also you don't want your butt hole to touch the snow
Yaaaaaaaas chip dip song!!
Send dip picks
Omg YSAC! This needs a censor for them Potato TaysTays.
Can I Flip the Chip Dip?
The cat was a nice addition to your regular musical dog frolicking montage. Please add more cat, but only to the music (not the dish).
4:04 "Cupboard stick"? Isn't that basically a rolling pin?
Ask permission before sending dip pix. 

XD
dammmmmmmm that guitar rif was amazing
Double dipping is a myth
The first song off the album Memories Of Beet Dip by Whysacc. Five stars.
THIS IS SO BRILLIANT
'Bout time you showed us how ur kitty was doin'.
C A T!!!
Return of the dip!!!!
[LYRICS]


Chip dip
its not flip dip
But if it went by really fast, then id probably call it blip dip
Load your chip up too much, then it'd be drip dip
Spill it on the floor, be careful, slip dip.

Chip dip
Its not lip dip
When i pour it on a jackknife then its (something) dip
In the top 10, yeah thats hit dip
Eat too many at once then you've got guilt trip dip.
Pass the atmosphere on a spaceship dip
Chip dip slacking off, heres a pink slip dip
Floating in the water, got some skinny dip dip
Naturally adhesive, thats a real good grip dip.

Chip dip,
In a pinch dip
If you want it partially used, then go to the dealership dip
Brag about your awesome ego trip dip
You're so very clever with your really quick quip tip
Lets go find a ring, fellowship dip
Ask permission before sending dip pics
Eat it in the country like a real good hick dip
Turn it to 11, then its time to let it rip dip.

[Damn good guitar]

Let's roll, its time for some rick dip
Didn't use a (something), Gonna need a toothpick dip
Hide my chips, you're gonna get a dropkick dip
How does it work? Magnetic Dip

Chip dip
You're just chip dip
You're chip dip
Just chip dip
Oh chip dip
You're chip dip 
Yeah-haaa 


Chip dip


(done during studying for finals, kinda hate myself.)
Finally a cat! A decent pet after all this time
Dip slick is a nice combination of words.
Can you please put that song on Spotify?
Loooove the dip series
Chips and tapatio are α Mexicans favorite
4:27 cat is pissing
Siiiiiiiiiicccccckk
THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE CHIPS AHHHHHH
Another modern day classic
More cat videos please!
After watching this video I totally regain my faith in humanity......😇
chip dip is not flip dip, such a banging remix of bean dip is not mean dip.
Face reveal ?
My best dip is sour cream and hot Sauce
Cream cheese and green olive dip with Fritos is the way to go
The only notification i click on immediately
Okay. This guy can shred
Make an album already.
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Are we not mentioning the foot? 😥
I want some backflip-off-a-building dip
can't tell what's seriosu and what's not..
so just FYI :
- if you eat chips you're a lazy person
- if you're a lazy person you usually wouldn't do much effort at anything
- making chip dip requires effort, so that makes it impossible for anyone to make chip dip.
but what you CAN do instead is ask for a non lazy person to make dip FOR YOU ! and that's called ketchup from walmart...


 i just fixed all your problems <3
Music youtuber YSAC
Beet dip ripoff
Damn, your cat is very T H I C C
Thank you once again
We've heard the song before
bro yesss its like beet dip
Damn this is some good content
Omg how many animals do u have lol
I’m on an acid trip dip.
how many dogs/cats/kitchens/onions do you have? Also I legit keep watching this for the chip dip song at the end.
An you make an album
Wait...can i actually use these recipes ?????????
I haven't commented on one of your videos yet but I want you to know your my favorite person ever. Thank you.
5:07 lol that poor cat is just miserable :P
THAT’S A GOOD PEROGDOG CHIP DIP
Masterpiece of a video
I have a dip that is pure happiness! Sour cream and toco seasoning
You glorious humanoid <3
Face reveal at 2 mill
Really nice rift at the end
3:45 - Excessive rhyming always makes me think of BoJack Horseman.
You should make an album about dip so i could buy all of them and make you a millionaire and horde them in my house. Id listen to all of them everyday
why do have the idea you should make a cooperation with Leo from Frogleapstudio ....
The hand washing got me weak asf
is this the casually explained guy
I haven’t watched this yet, but if there isn’t another installation of the “blank” dip song I will murder an egg.

Edit* I watched it I’m happy now.
Dip and chip
Ysac do you have long hair
This was amazing
The falling elevator noises 😂
That looked like a lethal wind in the frolicking song. I'm Canadian so I think we've had a similar winter. Know that the three of you hanging out in a windy field at subzero temperatures makes you the coolest
I love your videos lol ❤️❤️❤️
Wow, that cat is majestic af
Put dried dyl in everything
You know his video is going to be extra good when dip is involved
Omg your on treanding
just use bean dip and Doritos
Well-equipped dip
So happy to see ya!
Aye congrats for trending
Please review instructions carefully, I combined Salt and Vinegar Dip with good intentions and now I'm pregnant. And I'm a man.
I still say Sour Cream is yucky.
1:05 That chip is hard af
That dogs got more beautiful hair than most people. Also that cat struts like a boss
Hey, that's just the beet song!
Thats a dang fine chip dip.
I see you have good taste in music. Can you recommend some?
How did he know about my biceps
When the song came I screamed yes
when i dip u dip we dip
I like original chips...
Make something about desserts!!
Beet Dip is my favorite musical number in this program so seeing it's return in the guise of chip dip makes the cockles of my heart warm.
YEA BEET DIP SONG
Cat sitting in the snow lol
Never tried chip dip
He voice reminds me of Binging with Babeg
Chip times
The song is the same as in beet dip.
Tabs for guitar solo please.
anyone noticed that YSAC watermark? yeah i miss you ysac
I never knew I need this video
1:00 I’m dead 😂😂😂
You forgot to flip the dip with the chip and remind the clip to slip over the Picknick
M o r e  c a t s
The magic that are these videos is truly unbelievable
You always make really taste goods
Kitty in a blizzard!!!!!
Is this episode sponsored by Dr Seuss?
Double dippers end up like Bimblokdo
Its 7 a.m. and now I'm craving ruffles and onion dip. Thanks ysac.
Why do I subscribe to anyone else?
Salt and vinegar chips are delicious
the Doo???
L I T T Y. K I T T Y.
Please upload more my boy
You should make a stand alone song
You babys know you what some of grandma's dip
tHE COOK KING IS BACK
Beet dip but instead it's chip dip
YOU'RE BACK!
he really knows how to get to us. food, dog and cat. 👌
I'd like to inquire about about your cat.  What's your rates?
Bars absolute fukkin bars bro
you ok man?
Yassss!
Chip dip, it's a quick dip, take it to bed and call it your mom dip!
Crisps*
the tutorial starts at 4:15
I get that joke at 1:00
You really had fun with that song
your cat is so cute!! and in snow!?!?!
❤❤❤👌👍
I love the end of your videos where you show doggos and cats enjoying life
i dont like chip dips.
i just like pringles
First time im this early!
This video was so funny 
Sour cream is not sold where I live, can you teach us how to do it from ground up?
What is this? A normal recipe video? Unacceptable! (Nice video man)
Lol i was eating dip 1 like an hour ago
1:00 dam that chips getting hard
Please upload your voice.
We need this in our lives
Where is the pink sauce? Ketchup + Mayonnaise = Pink sauce
I prefer crisps tbh.
Where's our neck reveal?
Beet dip pt 2. The one time a sequel is better
I am headed to my forging shed to forge a dip-worthy chip. I will name my chip ExcaliNarStingDringChip
Eating chips with dip subliminally makes me want to listen to Steve Miller Band.
wait ya'll dip your chips?
teaching me how to cook 3 months at a time :)
I liked the song. Like a ping pong. Rhymes are strong, and nothing is wrong.
I thought this was fries (chips)
Bean Dip Remix
no one is gonna talk about that fire solo?
guy, your music video made my day even though I just found out that I happen to suck at cooking
Oh my god you’re cats eyes are gorgeous!
Youre cool
I subbed
the guitar solo was a nice touch
What happens if I make the salt & vinegar dip with good intentions?
thank you father
Herbicide would be better to use them pesticide... come on, we all know that bro!!!
I made the easy dip #3 and I waiting for it to hydrate, hopefully it’s good
Why is there always a different dog in the outros?
This is the best you can do?.
if ysac had a cooking show ide start watching tv
😂😂😂😂
Is ur fret board scallopped?
Now thats DEEP
haha...
5:24 mmmmmmm
delightful
First....




To like my own comment
The chip got hard AHAHAHAHA
the cat is so cute
I hardly ever ate chips and dip.. so not really.
But... But my bicep is not weak 😔
Dip Song 2 must be the most anticipated sequel since Despacito 2.

Also, your cat is awesome. All cats I know stay as far away as possible from snow.
Dude the dog at the end looks exactly like my dog 😍😍
That cat is cuute
I need the tabs for the song
one of the best songs so far.
beet dip gottem gag
I love you so much.
WHERE DO YOU GET ALL THESE GOOD BOYS AND GIRLS
the dinging scared my dog with dementia, I hope you're happy.
Using my chips and dip as a mic to sing along to the chip dip song
Cat. There's a cat. I demand more cat content. 🐱
YSAC i’m in love with you
That's not chips they're crisps
For the first time in ten years I’m actually craving French onion dip and plain kettle chips! Ugh! 😝
What exactly does one do with a picnic stick?
The sequel to the Beat Dip song we all needed
5:15 😮
chips suck now that they changed to the"healthy" oil,they now use
Ive got dibs on the sourcream and onion chips
Did I sub to this channel for the food, the jokes or the songs?
You guys eat crisps with dip wtf🤢 like I understand Doritos with salsa but crisps what-
The bean dip remix
Legend
4:28 
that looks so much like my cat! except, skinnier
Just wanted to say congratulations on the Washington Post article.  :) I've enjoyed your videos for a while, it must be nice to get some national recognition too.  Thank you for all you do.
The dogggyyyyy and cattttttt😭😭😭
I love the bean dip v2 song
This guy is obviously a Virgin
if only i could buy chips for the dips that i can't make because i don't have money to buy the ingredients that i can't get because of the inflation rate
Episode 87 please
Every ending is original
Crisps
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
1:00 I just got what happened 🤦🏻‍♀️😂
Me over here putting flavoring in popcorn
Oh how you've grown
That guitar solo though
Yo ysac, I'm waiting for a bangers and mash video, for the English fan love
and also get off my lawn
Song was lit.
Pepper pepper pepper
I couldn’t focus because there was a cat
I like this shit good work on living sorry im high sooo high bro
Pepper pepper pepper
I hope the pets git some chips.
Make an album I'd buy
Did someone else had a girl over but wasn't able to get your flimsy chip crispy?
I feel like an idiot now that I realize iv had a picnic stick in my cupboard this whole time...
WHERE IS THE CHEESE DIP ?
A CAT
Song was good too
One of my fav YouTube's probs no.1
sick beat
Dune theme tho?
Too much dip on your chip
i swear he just tweaked the lyrics to the beet dip song
Legit dont even need a cook book.
I'm waiting for a hamburger recipe though
That's a nice cat
that cats not having it
Use reduced cream instead of sour cream for a bit of extra pizazz.
now make 3 hard chip dips
New Zealand has a sick dip. Reduce cream and onion soup mix and some lemon juice 😍
I sat there thinking more and more about the flimsy chip seeing potatoes joke and I got hysterical over it when I noticed the joke
Can you teach us how to make Chips through your hip chip tips instead of hip dip chip tips?
Damn, I sucked for all these years? And now I'm old, so no more dippin just whippin? Enough!
Translate this. すべてが失望に満ちている
that was wholesome
We need pimblokto!
Catch me throwing ass to every one of the ending songs
i love u
I forgot to spray my dill with pesticides and I'm currently being escorted to the ER
There are a few appropriate flavored chips. They are the chosen ones.
I wish i was important to someone
Man.....how do you think these videos
oh your alive I thought you died and plimblakto made a copy and replaced you
#2 doesn't look that easy
more cats please
🤣🥰
Send dip pics
Pringle’s are the best chips
Mr Schmitz is back
It's a triptych of chip dips
NIce solo dude!
Dude I love you
Can you make butterbeer?!





Sorry I'm a Harry Potter nerd...
I hope there is a Chip dip song
More cats!
I wanna see your face but at the same time i dont
I love you
Yay im in school but that won't stop me from watching ysac
I love you
2:10 jokes on you, I am both
Cute dog!!!!  A Terri doo???  W a cat friend.
Your so funny
a Spinal Tap reference is always a good time.
Sick
enjoying this chip dip/dog/cat music video
Weeeeak. The best chip dip:
1. Salt. 2. Vinegar. 3. Use Salt and Vinegar kettle cooked chips. Guaranteed melt-your-mouth-hole flavour! 
(These are really nice and simple recipes,  big thank)
I just want to share with @ysac that these videos, and especially this song, are really one of the few things that i look forward to anymore, as well as being two of maybe three things left in this world that make me smile. Thank you.
He should make a channel called 'You Suck At Guitar'
Yay! Dog video!
Tape a pair of double dipping scissors with good grip to the lip so they won’t slip and the bacteria drenched tips of the chips can be snipped real quick and add a thick rip resistant drip strip so you don’t end up with a dip slick on your thick picnic stick.
*Do not eat weedkiller
best song ever
Your song was more entertaining than the video itself
WeirdChamp
this reminded me of bean dip song
REAL GOOD HICK DIP
Hey dude, how many animals do you have? 😍😍😍
4:28 Rude. Don't film the cat while it's doing its business. How would you feel if someone posted a video of you using the bathroom to the internet?
pepper, pepper, pepper!
The cat taking a piss was honestly the best part of the dip.
😂😂😂
Miracle What?
KITTY
I love your cat!!!!!!!!!!!
WHERE'S THE EGG SERIES
How does he have a good sense of humor, know how to cook, and can play music? This guys a genius
Instructions were not clear. Now my cat is a toaster
The cat was the star of the show of the chip dip music video
idk I just really really don't like how the onion soup powder looks like hot chocolate powder
Has anyone tried this I wanna know if it tastes good
i eat chips with chopsticks..
Next: FISH.
This show should be called we suck at guessing who you are
dont dip chip but the 2 cats where cute
Is the song at the end a parody of beet dip?
Face reveal?
Where has this channel been all my life?? Usually cooking channels are all annoyingly bright and cheery and just overall unrealistic. This guy keeps it real, and does it entertaining.
the CAT
Just had to watch 3 times in a row and saw something new each time.
How do you not have a record deal by now?  Or an album?  Or do you?  Can someone link me?
I LOVE UR CHANNEL
Sick lick
Is it just me or does he sound like bob from bobs burgers?
MORE CAT PLEASE, NO COOKING, JUST CAT, THANKS
I want a face reveal
This is the same song from bean dip
Im dieting right now but your cynical humor is satiating me.
The kitty and the doggo both fit into the environment so well
Your English teacher loved you huh music too ofc
I want chips now
Irregular flavored chip master race
BEET DIP
Still no autograph
Its Crisp
Scientists have found that YSAT videos cure cancer and virgos.
Nice solo, bro
TALENT. we stan
The first one is what my nana does.
Is it just me or does he like have a different dog in each viedo
dip song makes a comebaCKKKkkKKkKkk :)))
Dip, dip, dip. 3:00 I like weed...
This guy reminds me of the mighty boosh
Great use of cat in this video
i know why that chip got hard
That solo that could take the heart of chips
*crisp
More cat!
I ate the third chip dip with some pesticide and now I can hear colours
to be honest my life is completely worthless your videos and songs give me just enough enjoy to be stay alive thank you !
(Song starts)  Beet dip....... wait
If you double dip your Satan unless it very big then you good
I feel like you have 80 dogs
Trump 2020
Mtv called
The last song is my jammmm
That song tho
Best channel
I only watch these for the songs and footage of animals at the end.
KITTY!
Why dosen't he have 10 mil yet
I’m actually rlly good at cooking and I’m ten I made cookies cake etc
Best channel
Hiya
5:29 nice telecaster
Chicks and chips
The song was fire
straight face gang
Wow 👍👍
Here at 666k views. Appropriate.
Soooo, no one else heard "the joker" by Steve Miller vibe in the end?
He's dishing out bars
The end song sounds like the best dip song
Is this Seth Rosenthal
cool cat man
make a full song of it i will download it pleeease
Dr Suess who?
A chip dip that I was raised on was Worcestershire sauce and sour cream and crazy salt. Ps it has to be crazy salt if you don’t know what that is/ don’t have any get some nothing else will work. Don’t worry about measurements the recipe is generally eyeballed so go crazy. It’s always different do to nobody’s taste buds being the same
Snow kitty
I like when you are here.
beet dip
It’s been 4 years and we still haven’t seen his face.
beat dip
Never eaten chips and dip
what a cute cat
Woah it's snowing over there? It's hot here tho
These videos get more mental every time.
Good job
Yes
Yes
Yes
3:44 Didn't realize that the people who wrote BoJack Horseman also wrote this video
God damnit I forgot the dips had songs
That doggo luv sno
Is that a Insane Clown Posse reference at 5:42
yummy very nice😀👍😎
What kind of doggo do you have?
TURN IT UP TO 11 TIME TO LET IT RIP DIP
1:00 wtf?! 😂😂

The potatoes in the back made the flimsy chip hard. Well played.
What flavor dog is that?
Something that rhymes with dip dip
Song sounds familiar reminds me of a ... B e e t d I p
Sounded like an Eels song at the end.
1:05 that's advanced
like it!
Rip to those people who actually tried to put pesticides in their chip dip after this video
Can you marry my mom
i love the dog and cat so much they are too cute.
Ayy 35 on trending 👍
Where can i buy the song at the end? Chip dip.
0:59 Chip was soft and then.... oh
I had chips the other day and felt total guilt the whole time. So I kept eating them as a stress reliever.
Put that song on iTunes please and thank you.
The puppy got old D:
💜
Damn that’s actually a really pretty cat
Did you get a new dog and cat?
What the breed of the doggo at the end
Sir I love you dearly but one does not use potato chips for dip you use tortilla chips
i’m pretty sure this is the guy from binging with babish...
why is your cat outside?
Make more videos plz
Ah back to the good ol sucking at cooking
I love that God damn cat
Anyone else catching on to Bo Burnham influences?
Amazing!
you're so weird and i like you a lot
Heyyyyy

This is uh new filthy frank 

But more mature and peaceful
Right??
Let's get married.
Song reminded me of beets for some reason ...
Where’s Gregg???
Based
Why the song at the end is so fimilar...
I’ll never look at 2 potatoes side by side quite the same again 🙃
Boss solo, great video
I want him to challenge Gordon Ramsey I feel a trailer coming on Magic   Vs Someone who can cook with food
Show more that cute cat!
Rated R
puppy!!!  pussa!!!!
Airedale?
Yo, I actually love your music
Beet dip
I like that the song features a cat.
The chip goes hard at 1:05 hahaha!
So during this vid I had to pause to make a PBJ.  That got me to thinking...  Spring is just around the corner so why not a YSAC vid about corndogs?  Because...who doesn't like Spring?  Well, besides snowmen.  But a YSAC corndog video would be nice.
New cat?
Omg did I just see a shoulder!?
Do Brits eat Chips and Dip? Wouldn't it be Crisps and Dip?
Chip dip.. all I can think about when I hear dip is the song Bean Dip
Got a foot fetish watching this
Oh my cod that cat is so cute!
Delicious
What breed is that weird looking second dog?
I haven't ate a chip in like 5 years
Way to shred it dude
I want an album of your music
ok as a hater of onion and a non-hater of onion flavor, the "sift the onions out of onion soup mix" tip is a game-changer

(yes I know that onion powder exists, this is different I think somehow)
I just ate a pack of crisps (chips for usa) without dip. oops
so silly and so much fun
WHAT did I just watch?
I prefer bean dip
This channel is the only thing keeping me alive I swear
You could make a religion out of this.
Binging with babish?
Lol...you're funny!
Sir DipChip what breed of dog is that it’s really cute
salsa?
New dip song, nice
This is IT! This IT.....
What about the times the dip-carrying mechanism falls within the dip?
Anyone in Australia or outside America shook that he's dipping that type of chip in dip?
No.
I wasnt expecting such a gnarly solo... Props
sup
Where's his other dog
YOU PUT TOES NEAR YOUR FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
skip the yapping 1:38
Herbacide.
I just want to let you know that not only do you entertain me, but I have made a lot of your recipes, and they are very good :)
I’ve never had chips in dip
That potato chip got a hard on
How do you get so many cute dogs
The song at the end sounded a lot like the bean dip song
ASK PERRMIsSIon  before  send DIP pics 5:08 .. Try to eat my chips might get a  DROP KICK DIP 5:41
yumm
Drugs
Clown
Anybody that dislikes this is gay
Ummm..... dips for chips? Really? Is that an actual thing? Like, does anyone really do that?
But why have regular old chips if you can have tortilla chips with salsa?!
After throwing random stuff together, I found a pretty good chip dip that's good for people who like pretzel crisps. Equal parts mayo and sour cream, a squirt of Dijon mustard, some cayenne, creole, and pepper. Has a good mixture between the mustard and the mayo, and the spices have a good kick. Good with potato chips, even better with pretzels.
i love you
Beat dip
Looks like it was damn cold that day.
I want to own this song
Last
dude, WHAT ARE YOU?!
Cat!
I make the dill dip pretty often. Dip a fresh baguette or use it as salad dressing (thin with milk if needed). Or just eat it with a spoon. Who am I to judge.
Your mom
When will we see your face
Nice one
That song is a mood
Why is that cat prettier than over half the human population
Love that hark back to the bean dip song.
Get off my lawn.
There’s so much to unpack here.
I love the difference between cats and dogs!
God, for half a second I thought I was getting a Mandala Effect bit from the dip song, but it turns out it was just an absolutely radical sequel
Didn't have to hit us with that nasty surprise solo like that, but thanks
CAT
Hey the song on the end is like the one with bean dip
2:12 im both
Ohhh that guitar solo and the chip pick was priceless  😼👍💕
I'm typically not a big fan of musicals. But gosh darn, that was a good musical.

Edit for clarification: The WHOLE video was a good musical, and also, the beat made it sound like he was rapping.
Damn that flimsy chip got erected
Please do a face reveal 
It’s killing me
The song at the end is a variation of the beet dip one :)
Put the song on spotify please
I just want some good beet dip.
Omg that doggo!
Precious puppy and kitty
Finally another dip rap !
The dips make me feel like this 🌝👌
Cheasy weasy dips
Steal your song from bean dip and you've got yourself a rip dip.
You didn't ask for this, but I'll give you my chip dip recipe. (1) Tub of sour cream (2) Ramen seasoning packet - get a fancy one, something you really like (3) Mix until smooth (4) Only buy enough chips for the amount of dip you want to eat because you will finish this dip and thus fall into the "Not enough chip but too much leftover dip; not enough dip for all the chips I have left" conundrum. 😁 Enjoy!
And what pesticide should I use? Terminex, bugstop, or what?
You missed the step where you throw the sour cream in the garbage where it belongs.
Definitely stick around for the post credits puppies and kitties. Where do you even find all of these dogs?
WHO’S DOGS ARE THOSE?!???!
nice tele
Sooooooo white
thanks for uploading. you make my day better ^.^
Love that snow dog and cat and electric guitar and chip dip!
How do you do that man, you always find a way to be even funnier and at the same time you don’t ever repeat yourself at any way it is just new and new perfect abstraction level 😂😂💪🏼
I love the Chip Dip song. I'm feeling some Bean Dip vibes. Love it
I made the dill chip dip and gave it to my dad

We went to bed, and the next day he wasn’t waking up

I think he had a dreaming about it and didn’t want to wake up...
You were right, I love this one!
>Light Yagami has entered the chat*
What about Greg's bean dip?
Bless this channel
Quality content
The fire in that fireplace lol
You're perfect
Sick Outro solo :D
Damn good shredding.
KITTY <3
I miss pimbokto
Do these actually taste good? (not with pesticide)
What song did he parody?
Where was gregg
Guys fun me on Kickstarter. I’m gonna develop some potato flavored chips
thumbnail looks like a bowl of dough, flour, and yogurt
i feel like i've seen this before (especially the song)
Wasn't ready for the guitar 👍
10/10 Wonderful reprise of beet dip and also g o o d    d o g g e    b o y y e and kitter at the end !
I missed you so much.
I thought this video was gonna show me some lit chip dips not crisp dips, who dips crisps anyway
I dipped your mom last night ;)
What a nod to the bean dip episode
Let it rip dip !
...and also get off my lawn...
CAT!
Beat dip song?
This is the first time I see a cat in the whole channel. Is it?
I mix whipped cream and cinnamon as my dip to my chips.
Is that ok?
How many cats and dogs u got
Who likes salt + vinegar chips? Like really. Disgusting.
How many animals have you gone through? I’m worried you’re focusing too much on your work...
I'm disappointed that gregg didn't make an appearance.
Potato chips suck. Real men only eat tortilla chips!
i was thinking these days how i just wan't an epic cheap day where i can eat a whole packet of cookies and milk, a whole packet of chips and dip, a whole damn pizza and whatever else i wan't without the regret i'd have as an adult now, without thinking of calories... so that intro really hit home
That nut dip looks Especially Alluring, Dude.

See what I did there?
A rare cat sighting in the post-recipe song!
Sour Cream + Chopped up bacon + Horseradish
When are you releasing a food centered mix tap?
THE OUTRO IS A REWRITTEN VERSION OF GREG'S BEAN DIP :DDDD
Wow. Mozart will sit beside you in the pretentious artist Valhalla hall.
This is the best end song we’ve gotten in a while! I wish I was as talented as this handsome pair of hands!
Great video bro :D
That cat is gorgeous
How does a cooking Channel make better musik than many other youtubers?
Post more often or else
A good chip doesn’t need dip.
uh-oh, sending dip pics?
Here is the burger/fry/salad sauce you need in your life. I will not give ratios. That’s for you to figure out. If you crack the code you can have the perfect 1000 island plus a great in n out secret sauce hack. 

Mayo 
Ketchup
Mustard
Dill relish drained of its juice
Salt pepper
Onion powder
Garlic powder
Paprika
Worcester sauce 
Sugar

Now. Go do it and forget about this other stuff.
1 1 1
Adding to awesome dip songs playlists
What model doggo is that?
Why does the beginning feel like a weird weight loss commercial?
Why is this happening to me?
Face feaveal
That intro was some straight up ASMR
I love the beet dip song at the end for chip dip :)
I only know happiness through these videos
Damn you on spotify?
Perfect!!!
Damn, this is a great video!
Doggo and kitty? What did I do to deserve this? :P
Your videos cause me immense joy. Your songs however, cause me to become elated
Am I the only one that kind mildly nauseous when watching this
Such a cute cat and doggo!
Whoa, that cat is the cutest.
I should not have watched this with no chips in the house.
Why don't you show us how to make our own chips??? Thanks for nothing.
not pesticide, herbicide. a pesticide is for pests, not plants.
Want that kitter and pupper
Best part: pupper & catto!!!
I don't like dill
Same song as bean dip
I really want the dill dip tbh and the animals are really pretty
Too mooch. Bull chet
0:52
...
OH
4:50 Your cat has such a friendly round face
i love this guy..when theres a new video out it just makes my day..
Cats rule, dogs drool - but also have other redeeming qualities
Excuse me, but 1:18 excuse me, but sour creme and onion chips are great in actual sour cream
I love that you used the same beat that you used for your beet dip video
C R I S P S
I’M FREEEE (dip song pt 2)
Clam dip is superior.
I always use tortilla chips
More like chips and skip
Aww are those your pets? The cat has a gorgeous face.
God damned dmind
Who dislikes these vids??
Cat is embarrassed.  Doggie loves you.  PS I still miss Pimblakto....
how many dogs do you have???
translation for UK people please
(4:15) dipilishis song.
What happened to the Egg series
So hes totally from michigan, right?
FIND A RING, FELLOWSHIP DIP....
TURN TO ELEVEN, LET IT RIP DIP...

YSAC our Lord and savior.
I sometimes think you and casuallyexplained are the same person! Similar voice, same attitude, and very similar sense of humor. 😂😂😂
Everything about this channel is pure chip gold
Who would i be without YSAC 😭😭
Binging with Babish and YSAC released within the same hour!
Can you make an advanced chip dip video
But what if you suck at cooking is really a singer that sneak his songs on random recipes HMMMMMMM
That's a lot of p
Are those all dressed i see! Best chips in the world!
I love this
god damn the songs at the end are the best part
KITTY
I don't even like dip but I knew that you always have wacky videos so I had to watch it
This guy has no business being this great. Please show us your ways
do i really need to use pesticide? that doesnt seem right.
we didn't deserve a third dip song, yet here we are
Where’s Gregg?
Just reminds me of the time last summer when we went round a friends house to swim in their pool and then just ate one of those four packs of chip dip. (We live in the UK so the fact that she has a pool and that it was warm enough to swim is a big thing)
Food videos followed by a catchy song played over video of cats and dogs. Best YouTube channel ever.
I'm sorry was this an Eminem song or a cooking video!?
Sweet guitar skills 




And dip making skills
Unexpected guitar solo, 10/10
Dude..
thats another Dog than usual...is your Dog...dead?
1:00 Like if you got the sly joke...😂😂
kitty cameo!!!
there's nothing wrong with double dipping
There's mayonaise on the ceiling
Just marry me! I'm always hungry.
Last few chips pocket ... Nice!
Dip songs are the best songs
heyyy
I love that cat
4:50 for kitty
I can’t be the only one who would sometimes eat only the dip.
IT'S THE BEAN DIP SONG!!!!!!!!!
How come you never do a jojo reference?
Kitty looks so cold!
I love ur fat cat and toy-like puppy
When Spiderman's in the kitchen he makes really good quip dip
So when is your guest starring turn on Letterkenny?
I was very tempted to sing the song you used for the bean dip video at the end
You somewhat sound like James from TheOdds1out
so, I'm guessing you're anti all-dressed chips
ketchup chips taste good with dill pickle dip
Never heard god damn in past tense before.
Hey now...this is just part 2 of the "Bean Dip" song.
You just Dr Seuss the chip dip
Came for the dip, stayed for the song. And the pets!
C A T
You madr me happy today
You gotta mad tongue there boii
finally a video
I hate dip. Give me some of them dried dip chips.
I love the dip songs
Le DIP
The quick chip quips really acquit your wits
instructions unclear, I made mashed potatoes.
So, apparently pesticides kill weeds...
How much dogs do you have
Only at 0:23 and already crying
Could you please release an album already? I need this on Spotify
You need to keep these videos coming....these videos literally make my life easier
Man this was simply epic. Thank you!!
The Bill Wurtz of cooking
3:44 DANG dont rap battle agesnt this man
I will make all of these! And use my feet to tape my hands down. That’s the most important step, right?
definitely the best cooking show on youtube
i have never made CRISP dip only bought it and my life is missing homemade dip
Dip picks...
Can I use mayonnaise instead of the chips
does this actually work? But made stupidly?
(not trying to be offensive i love u :3)
I love the reprise of the Beet Dip song.
I am losing it over that innuendo in the beginning 😂😂
The guitar solo thooooo
So sour cream and mayo.
Good boy
Oh my god
Best song yet!
woah, the song and pet video was really good. like, your best yet.
I bet that you’re HowToBasic
Am I the only person who sings the intro every damn time?
im glad you brought that BEAT back
Now advanced chip dip please
Please stop curseing my cat  
Is gonna watch this soon
Chip dip, it’s not bean dip🎶
I love that doggo. That doggo is so happy.
While I admire your attempt to make even the double dippers feel included, you're just cross contaminating the communal scissors. Everybody gets one dip. Don't waste it.
OMG YOUR CAT ON THE SNOW!!!!!!!!
What's better than eating salt and vinegar chips while wathing this?
reflective tape 😮
Do you know what would get you a lot of views?
Wrong it's bread videos.
YSAC :> ♥
Yo their crisps, not chips
Cat during the end song? What is this heresy??!
When's the album coming out?
Nice dips.
What a majestic cat
I’m confused. Is this a cooking channel, or a music channel?
looks for Justin Y WhErE iS He????
Why did you show everyone your cat pooping at 4:29? That was their private time!
Chip dip #1 is called welfare dip in my house. 🤣
Best birthday present I could ever get. Thanks for the birthday dip chip 🎉




I gained a lot of calories from my dip 

Worth it.
1:00 The quality content I subscribed for
Alright, now do 3 Hard Chip Dips
-Another dip song
-Adorable cat
-Guitar solo
Is this the perfect YSAC video? I think so!
i was about to start getting the ingredients together since I've a huge pack of chips lying around, but then I got to the part about the flavors. I'm apparently too lazy for it, with my salt and vinegar chips
God bless today 🙌🏻🙏🏻
Dude, you got me dead... first you sing a song about potato chil dip and then the madlad writes a solo for the song
Please make more bread videos.
Added to favorites.
I FORGOT TO GET CHIPS
3:12 is where the real video begins
i dont like dip 😐
No one likes salt and vinegar chips. They only ever get purchased on accident. They still get eaten because hey they are still chips and after the first handful of them they don't taste too bad.
Okay, but can anyone at all tell me what breed of cat that is? Because it’s beautiful
i know i'm going to hell but i'm about to eat onion pringles sorry
I greatly appreciate the use of cute animals at the end of your videos. It always makes my day!
I can’t tell if this is a joke or not
yym
Am I the only one that thinks he sounds like the guy that does the daily dose of internet
Tweet the cookies: https://ctt.ec/UOS78
Facebook the cookies: https://hrefshare.com/9ed56
And happy V day I love you <3
I'm single and ready to wang-jangle
A wise tweet once said, "never listen to how much chocolate chips the recipes say to put in. You put as many chocolate chips as you want"
Thanks my wife friendzoned me now
sometimes i feel like making these videos is your way of venting
THE WHOLE POINT OF THIS VIDEO:
"So many chocolate chip cookies are under chocolate chipped-THAT ENDS NOW"
1) I love you for this
2) That baby cookie arm tho 😂
3) Happy Wangjangle's Day
You missed my favourite cookie ingredient

Pepper pepper pepper
“We’re basically friends pretending it’s still there” those words actually bring a chill down my spine.
I was hoping for a cookie sickle after you made the cookie hammer. Who doesn't love romantic COMMUNISM?
Plans:
-Bake these cookies
-Cuddle up
-Cry alone and eat myself to death
“They’re usually good for about s year” 😂😂😂 very true! Just broke off a 4 year engagement with the worst person I’ve ever met gonna make my ass some choco chip cookies!!!
...buddy.. Are you, okay? You and your significant other dont seem to be doin to well.
Cookies looks dryer than my Relationship ❤️
My relationship survived the intro, so that was cool. After the video I did blame my boyfriend for not being materialistic enough. He doesn't even want a present, how am I supposed to make myself feel good by buying him a present now?! Asshole. Guess I'll bake him some damn cookies.
Thank you but we are still waiting for a bread recipe.

Bread is the future of youtube. Get on it pls.
I got dumped a couple of weeks ago and this is the hilarious commentary I needed in my life this Valentine's Day. So much better than everything else coming out right now about the holiday. Thank you, YSAC <3
The whole time I was waiting for him to break the cookie heart.

Happy Freudian Valentine's Day.
Power play: Bake the cookies into the words “I want to break up!” 

They’ll be so confused if you love them or not.
FOR CHRIST SAKE JASON FIX THE GOD DAMN BACK DECK
who hurt you
Hehe he still has the bowl that pimblocto stabbed
yeah thanks for rubbing it in ysac, really appreciate it
It's actually happy alentines ay. Because you ain't getting the v, and she ain't getting the d
People who I let tell me I suck at something:


-Gordon Ramsey;
-This guy.
opens YouTube and sees this video  Me: "God, please no, why?" clicks and watches anyway
"It ends now!"
Me:*pouring whole sack of chocolate chip into dough* VIVA LA REVOLUSION!
You remember the old days when he was wierder. Those days were the best
Then I'll have to admit I've been resenting this aspect of you for yuh'eeeeeeearsssss
I love y—
“Oh wait I have no one.”
*cries
LMAO I see what you did there... Starts with a heart cookie for love, hammer cookie for hammering someone (sex) and finally the result is a baby hah
Don't give up. Don't you give up! Why are you quitting there? Just try a little bit harder! No, no, no, don't give up! Think of all the people around you cheering you on! You're almost there! Look at me, it's -10 degrees and I'm here harvesting Asiatic clams! You have to just try! You will surely accomplish your goal! That's why you should...NEVER GIVE UP.
any single ladies in here wanna share their cookies with me, i burnt mine. /:    lol
Only cookie recipe I follow are from Pimblokto
- Regular people: see Tasty or Gordon Ramsay or whatever cooking show they see.
- Me: YSAC with the best cook ever.
you’re gonna take
Whoops!
one teaspoon-
Make a cook book pllllllllleeeease
Melted butter?? You MONSTER! 

You cream solid butter and sugar together.
Am I allowed to watch this if I’m single?
As for the rest of us, we can use those cookies to eat our feelings
Lying on my kitchen floor drunk screaming Adelle songs at my cat ....
I think I might’ve stumbled upon my favorite channel
The child cookie has a club! 
RUn FOr YOur LIVES!!!
I need a valentine so I can make these cookies, please I'm begging you be my valentine
“An egg that doesn’t have a personality” 

Sad
Ummmm you forgot despair 
It's the most important ingredient
I actually had a good Valentine’s Day this year. I wasn’t alone for the first time. I’m not in a relationship but I delivered flowers all day with this girl I like. It was nice
Been with my man 20 years and I've never made him a hammer shaped cookie

That ends now
“just remember that in the end there’s nothing more romantic than honesty, honesty is... is the best thing for... being honest”
WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! WE. WANT. MORE. VIDEOS! 



Yeah, that's all.
I hope you have a nice Valentine's day. 💕
turns to plate full of cookies 

I love you.
I almost burnt a plastic cup because I put it in the microwave
"honesty is the best thing for being honest" classic YSAC
Where have u been my whole life??
Also u remind me of the old jacksfilms
So I just discovered you today and I love it I actually started with this video and it made me laugh and cry cuz I'm going through some relationship stuff 😭😂 THANKS
Happy Valentine’s Day,  
Who hurt you? Was it pimblokto?
I don't think you have a stable relationship.
G-guess I'll make these... f-for myself...
Because it's important to love yourself, no other reason! I s-swear!
YSAC, will you be my Valentine?
I sense that Jason may be sleeping on the couch tonight...
How do you put this much effort into the videos and not have ads???
I can tell you wanted to laugh so hard when making this video
Short and sweet, no pun intended 👌
The most accurate description of any relationship.
Still waiting for last egg episode after that "egg with no personality" refferance
Idk why but I’m in love with his voice♥️




Yup just me😂😭😭
I'm glad I'm not the only one who makes sure my packed brown sugar is dead by stabbing it if it doesn't fall apart when it tumbles into its grave in the mixing bowl.
Nice stop motion 👍
You will be my valentine?
You will be my valentine. 
Advice to all the single peeps that want a valentine: Get rid of the question mark
XOXO love to all XOXO
Im gonna make the hammer cookies for my boyfriend to say "Iloveyousomuchletsoverthrowcaptialismtogetherhappyvalentinesday"
We know we are all single and watching this
Did anyone finish this video and just stare blankly into space, just absorbing all the information packed into 5 minutes? 🤯
We just made this exact recipe in my teen foods class yesterday, good vid 😃
I'm glad you had the important step of pre parching one paper on pan
You have saved my relationship with my girlfriend.
Do you have a band? Your music is totally adequate.
Plans for today: 
Make cookies
cry all over them 
throw them away
order pizza 
cry more
looking at you suck at cooking's beautiful hands
I actually follow his recipes ❤️:))
I'm actually going to try the recipe, and I'm following the vague one you left in the description box. Wish me luck lol
0:40 That intro is reliable. 😭😭
THESE TASTE SO GREAT, it makes signing divorce papers all the more better!
Dude, just baked your cookies and damn they are deeeelicious.  Thx for the recipe. Love your vid, 1:40, "you thought you were going to bake them separately,  but your dumb",  nice.  Keep up the great work.
But... I don't have a relationship
This feels like a really classic episode, it brings back good memories
The fastest way to someone's heart is through a cavity in their rotten teeth.




oh wait, that's the brain.
This video seems a bit looser..
But like.. in a really good way!!
They should just rename “Valentine’s Day” to “Single’s Humiliation Day”.
Tbh I don’t need a valentine recipe bc my crush rejected me ;-;
Dude you sound like H J Benjamin (Archer)
Thanks, cant wait to eat these alone tomorrow
Made the cookies
Ate the cookies
Loved the cookies
Impregnated the cookies
Left the cookies
Made more cookies...
Repeat
"So many chocolate chip cookies are under chocolate chipped-THAT ENDS NOW"

and yet, the recipe in the description HAS NO CHOCOLATE CHIPS!!!!
“One egg that doesn’t have a personality” MEEEEE!!!!
idk about you, but I'm making my valentine some coleslaw like a good partner
Man 
A lot of those relationship examples seemed pretty specific
ysac, will you be my valentine 🥺💘
hey buddy you okay? you wanna talk about 
something
YSAC, will you be my valentine?
Happy Valentine’s Day sweetly pumpkin muffin huffin puffin crumblin dumplin
I don't know; but that first poem, even if I'm a single Pringle, that pierced me.
You have so much pent up emotions and feelings LOL
Lamo images not having safe eggs or flower. Norway gang🇳🇴😎
Legit just broke up with my boyfriend, didn’t expect this to hit so hard lol
Things to call your girlfriend.
Honey, sugar, pumpkin



1/2 cup of butter
2 cups of milk 
Preheat the oven to 350°
You make videos of the thoughts people have when they cook. Like when we pretend we have a cooking show. Love it. 

Happy Valentine’s Day. Love you sweetie honey pumpkin pie darling, so much ❤️
Man this is the first recipe from you i ever did and it was absolutely delightful
Life hack to get past the intro while single,

Prerecord your voice repeating the intro  and play the video at the start of the video so you can make the pledge and not actually be lying.
How am I only just now finding your channel??? Subbed! laughed thru most of this sht lol <3
or, you could make a car shaped cookie to say:
"kachow"
looks at pillow 
Me: i love you.
The truth about relationships AND the remedy: cookies.
dude you said mix instead of wang-jangle im breaking up with you
instead of flour, single people can use cocaine
0:30 didn't expect that
It's like he's trying not to laugh at the end of every insult
I'm watching alone, because i'm 11!
AnD IM forever AlONe!!
I can't wait for the next upload which is coming next year.
It’s very romantic for me because I bake these cry about love and then eat all of them in one sitting
Tried this on my boyfriend and he left me. Anyway, happy Single’s Awareness Day my fellow lonely’s.
YSAC > Babish
as great a disappointment this life is - your vids never disappoint.
The song is both too deep and hilarious at the same time. Have you thought about releasing an album? 
Really enjoy watching your videos! Happy Valentines Day! <3
I feel like this guy and Leon Lush would get along.
this video really made me wonder...
how come we can't have chocolate with cookie chips instead
Are you okay?? Cuz that felt really personal, also thanks for the advice
I wonder how he learned all of this stuff he can cook, record videos, make music, and edit really really good. How is he this good.
everytime u upload i immediately gain 20 hp on the spot
how much in grams, am yuropoor without cups
He said MIX. WHERES WANGJANGLE
"Honesty is the best thing for being honest..."
These are life quotes to live by
I don’t think I added enough romance, my cookies taste a little bitter
[Laugh At No Relationship]
I mixed everything counter-clockwise by accident and ended up with a tar-like substance. Can I still use it for cookies?
Then you bake a cookie in a shape of a baby:
"Honey, i am pregnant"
...and you end it right there. Nothing to add.
Omg, this is just, like, literally perfect.
I have a date for Valentine's Day

It's February 14th.
Thanks to the flour spooning tip in the description, I was finally able to make moist chocolate chip cookies instead of a sad, crumbly mess and it fixed my failing marriage! It’s a Valentine’s Day miracle! Thank you, YSAC!
“Honestly is key”
Me: BULL 💩 It’s not a key to my heart! Food is the key to my damn heart
I think this video was bundled up pretty fast and YET u made us smile, laugh and cry in same video. 
Love it
Single guy running on a trademill while listening to someone giving you tips about your partner while making cookies. 
What a wild valentine day.
I’m gonna wang jangle someone for Valentine’s Day
Your videos always brings a smile to my face...thanks
>Mix this together the old fashioned way, which is clockwise.

Heathen
Sent the start to my boyfriend to let him know whats up.
3:00 "Or you could make it in the shape of a hammer" I was thinking "Or you could make it in the shape of a hammer and say you're so beautiful lets smash"
I love the laughter bubbling up after each angry example!
Romantic cookies baked with repression in shapes: the best!!!!!!!MMMmmmmmmmm so good. Thank you. Happy Valentines Day. <3
Hey broski you should really go onto Casually Explained’s podcast
I bake my cookies into pentagrams. Please don't ask about my personal life.
Hey honey! Look at the cookies I bake for you..!
silence
Oh.. right..
"One egg that doesn't have a personality"
Rip egg skits...
Happy Singles Awareness Day everyone
What shape of cookie represents the feeling of "I'm lonely and I've never had a girlfriend in my whole life" ?
3:18 Schatz, du bist der HAMMER!
The first 40 seconds made me rethink my relationship
I love you.
I say this, as I turn to my squeeky cute otter, my Significant Otter.
He... he said... he said *mix*!
What happened to the wang-jangle!?!?1!?1?!
I feel like he needs to make fun of Instagram somehow. YSAC smoothie bowl please. 👍🍌🥑🍓🍍🥭🥝 Love u
These are super awesome, first time i tried baking cookies myself and its so easy, yet delicious!
Omg you sound like Bob from Bobs Burgers
Hey, iam watching alone.. everybody like me because i have no love of my life ;( jk who needs love anyway :D(for now at least)
Tomorrow is supposed to be my birthday. 

The song is good.
This is the only Youtube channel I actually stop what I am doing to watch the new episode. Awesome as usual YSAC!
That speech I told to my hand was heartbreaking
stop patronizing me because I dont have a significant other
I'm actually going to leave my girlfriend after the baby cookie part, wish me luck
3 words... EGGLESS COOKIE DOUGH
"Mix that together with an egg that doesn't have a personality" lol
Master storyteller. Squeezes my heart strings e'erytime.
I made these with my homie am I gay now?
I always try to imagine your face but it's so hard to picture god in human form
"I love you" 

My dog - says nothing because is a dog
me and my dog had a conversation in the beginning of this video
wait a minute “that used to have s-“
i sense a lot of relationship stress, are you alright?
Thank you YSAC. I'm off to make chocolate cookies for my husband, but since he at work, I'm gonna eat them ❤️
happy late valentine's day i love you my sweet puff pastry
Damn, at the end it sounded like you were about to cry. I hope everything’s ok ❤️
THIS WAS RELEASED ON MY BIRTHDAY 
WOOHOO THANKS YSAC
You make a lot of hammers with food, plus I like chocolate less cookies because I have no soul. 

And it tastes better
You should try specific purpose flour sometime.
When you brought out the hammer I thought you would say, thank u for banging me so well
I love how you didn't even bother to wash all that chocolate off your hands before presenting those masterpieces. 👍
can i use nO pUrPoSe fLoUr ?!?!?!?!?!
ok but this is the only relationship advice that i need
When you can only play B Major on a guitar
Why didn’t you WANGJANGLE the mix
3:23 


omg its the sign from bandersnatch pgroihiwfew
Woke up to a good start
"Or make a cute little baby..."
Proceeds to produce the stuff of nightmares.
0:00 to 0:40 said all that to my right hand and she's Pissed
I followed this recipe and the hot Carmel melted all the chocolate chips gave the cookies a cool marbled look 10/10
You sound like a younger Bob Belcher.
Yeah cookies
1:02
"mix"?
Whoa there...
Holy shit!!!! My name is Jason and I have a back deck that needs fixing...... I’m scared
I am disappointed when there's no spotify link in the description box. Come on, you know I'll pay for your album, anyways, love you.
did you say mix instead of wangjangle???
The car cookie looks like a dinosaur head to me.
The eye is winking.
you ok there, buddy?
Oh my goodness! You are so funny! I love your channel for so many reasons!! Love your recipes!
The best You Suck at Cooking video yet 👏👏👏
Can we just appreciate he’s used the same cutting board for almost all his videos?!?
Watching this without a partner 

RIP
For anyone who wants to take these cookies to the actual day of Valentine's, then put sea salt on your cookies. It will be the greatest decision you have ever made (besides remaining single, of course).
u fool. salmonella is extremely rare to get from an egg. considering salmonella is in the shell. you are more likely to be struck by lightning than get salmonella from a raw egg.
eat that buttery caramal thing
0:56 When he said packed brown sugar, I didn't expect it to be that packed.

Also, where's part 5 of the Egg Series ?
come for the food, stay for the music
STOP READING MY DIARY!
Heyy bud.. you doing okay? lmaoo
I hope that Good Journey was a Masters of the Universe reference! :D
The best part after watching the video itself is reading YSAC's replies to viewers. A double tutorial. Thank you.
My love life is as unreliable as your posting schedule
My man made like 3 or 4 different heart cookies to make that heart beat lol
I always wonder where he gets most of the recipes.
Happy Valentine's day!!!! I'm gonna be forever single!!!!
You're drunk as hell, aren't you?
if you really loved me you woulda put pecans in em
You should make macarons!
This was the best way to spend my Valentine's Day. Thanks YSAC
"Woah! I just whistled!"
That sugar was satisfyingly packed
I totally thought you were going to combine the dry ingredients with the wet, ugh.. you are so predictable!
you’ll be happy to know that me and my significant other actually spent the evening watching your videos
2:52 I was drinking water and I absolutely spewed when I heard the second half of his car cookie message
At 1:36 I was a little triggered.
omg I didn't know you still made videos! I used to watch your videos all the time
I was dumped recently, so I lost it two times more at your intro than usually
More cookies for me since I'm ace 😎 forever alone, oh yeah!
Whos also been single for their whole life
2:09 it’s 9 cookies happy Valentine’s Day
3:29 the baby look like it frowning lmao🤣🤣
raw eggs never stopped me before and it won't now
Thanks, now I can ask my crush if they love me, but they’ll just want my cookies.
Can you help me cook milk next time to go along with this cookies?
Hi Robert!!!!!😙😚😗😘
2 vids in 2019? We are forever happy
wow! if i ever trick a man into dating me i hope he's as good at romance as you
You should make a channel about making edibles medicated edition that would be so cool
3:03 exactly what u need to fix a relationship
why's he so nice in this video i feel uncomfortable
That intro mEgA oOf!!!
I'll just give these to the Cookie Monster!
Best cookies I’ve ever made....because I don’t bake. That being said these were stupid simple and my wife loved them. Thanks for the awesome content!!
I’m so single every year when Valentine’s Day comes around my friends go how’s single day
I'm really mad at how badly you made me want cookies >:(
Who hurt you man? This kind of creativity can only come from some serious pain.
Using a fork instead of a whisk angered me, but your still my favourite channel
Someone watched Daniel Sloss Netflix special Jigsaw.
I thought the hammer was for asking to smash or smthing lmao
The recipe in the description is what you make when you’re breaking up with your significant other on Valentine’s Day.
I'm guilty of under-chipping. So ashamed! This is why I need this channel.
the intro was too real for me i had to click out and watch later
I guess we only get videos on holidays now
Maple syrup in the batter adds a nice chewyness and flavor to chocolate chip cookies.
Cookies > Valentine’s Day
Welp. Glad my partner is upstairs napping because it could've got awkward there at the beginning 'cause true. Too true. Wow. And also the latter hammer cookie truth.
Finger-guns sponsored content is my favorite
Ok so I'm single and I  have just made these cookies soooo.. if you wanna hit me up or sth 🤳
there is SO MUCH CHOCOLATE ON HIS HANDS
Ha! Ur such a dork and it's hilarious
He said mix not wan jangle
and as a wise person once tweeted ,"don't ever let a recipe tell you how many chocolate chips to use. you measure that shit with your heart."
Most accurate video  of my love life ever
this was a bad thing to watch on the first V day after my fiance peaced out. lol
I am single and watching this.
Will the society accept me?
4 minutes into the video, I was so worried there wont be a song lol
Omg could not stop laughing from the intro
Jason here. And I’m not concerned about the back deck! It can wait. Stop judging me! Where’s my cookies?! I saw you baked some! Where are they?!  You’re not being a good lover. (Heavy sigh)
This actually got me a girlfriend so thank you man.
what does "mix" mean
i thought it was wangjangle
Jokes on you, I can't suck at romance because I've never been romantic.... in your face
I once made a matchstick model of oxytocin molecule for my crush on Valentines day. She had no clue what was that.
I saw you make a hammer shaped one and wanted you to make a sickle.
This Episode was a lot deeper than I expected.
Hey, are you okay man?
Why at the begining of the video the sugar looks like protein bar
Ow. That intro. It just made me reevaluate my relationship... I just wanted cookies...
I'm talking to my phone 😂
I don't know about Valentine's day, I only heard about independence day😏😏😏
Hes slowly becoming a normal cooking show each video
Well someone was in a good mood making this video
Can you make an episode for dogs
I can't take anyone who has chocolate chip stains on their hands seriously.
I have a feeling he just got his heart broken
i really love this channel but honestly why cant he have his recipes in metric as well :(
Damn, sounds like he's had a bad relationship.
Best thing to wake up too... :)
Wow one cookie can say so much
You kind of sound like Andy Samberg
I'm so glad I'm single tbh.
Do this for vegan couples PLS
ok, now teach me how to cook a girlfriend
His hands are a phlebotomist's wet dream.
If u add some baking powder they end up thicker fyi
3:59





If you wanted honesty, that's all you had to say
Honestly it's not chocolate on his hands.
This was the perfect video to accompany the existential crisis that came when I got Reese's Puffs from the dining hall and nearly started crying because they came out heart shaped and I haven't felt that supported in a very long time.
Ur my  favorite YouTube channel to watch also Can you do an episode on chicken alfredo, spaghetti, lasagna Etc... btw is the egg episode over?
Well damn that intro hit me right in the feels
Happy valentines sweetie pumpkin muffin puffin huffin crumpling dumpling-
Did we just get an upload 2 weeks apart?
I need to do that intro with my bf oh my God
The instructions were unclear, I ended up with a burnt pancake.
1 egg without a personality 




i swear im the only one thats noticed this
Nextup. do no-bake cookies
I have a theory.... what if how to basic is just YSAC’s drunk cooking channel?? I feel like the FBI is gonna hunt me down for figuring this out and revealing the truth
i am actually great at baking cookies, thank you very much, don't roast me in your title
4:19 
TOP TEN ANIME OPENING/ ENDING SONG
I used dark sugar but it looks way more darker than yours.
Did you actually bake something normal?
He told me on Instagram that it is 100% raisin free. don’t worry.
Jokes on you I'm single.


More like the joke is me.........
Thanks for the tutorial, now I can cry and binge eat tomorrow!
Omg I seen this and skipped over it a few times cause I did not realize it was you!! I'm late but I'm here now cant wait to watch!!
Wow, these cookies involve a real recipe! I'm surprised!
How did you survive that laser blast?!
I hate how his hands get progressively more and more covered in melted chocolate chips, makes me uncomfy
1:23 E G G S
I'm dead inside and ready to cook oh wait I suck
Will one of u be my Valentine
Relationships are for those lucky enough to have someone in their lives that hopefully aren't their entire focus. I, a single person, instead choose to give cookies to my good friends and less good friends that will do favors for me if I give them food.
Lmfao I love this guy
you keep making references to the egg series but never add to it
I though he was going to say he panned the parchment paper
This video was just filled with personal problems that it makes me worried
Oatmeal raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies...




Are the main reason I have trust issues 🍪
Anyone else kept staring at the chocolate stains on his hand? Another great video!
This is the best recepi. I've tried others but too complicated and they don't come out right. That's why this is the best cooking channel.  Quick and funny
he only use fork, doesnt need any proper utensil shocked me lmao
Best cooking show.
bro dont forget your eye drop expires later this year
Has anyone ever eaten pure vanilla extract on its own?
the chocolate chip stains on your hands made it much more dramatic
At the heart cookie part when he said "pumpkin pie darling" his voice went mad deep and bro thats hot
0:40 look I know that, you don’t have to remind me
Thanks for another upload dude. Your videos always make my day
This uploaded on my birthday!
Fun idea for a cooking show
Yeah I'm looking for more of a friend's with benefits deal.
I will bake them 2 swords then sword fight them
honesty;

me- honey
boyfriend- yes?
me- you look like a toad
boyfriend- huh?
me-I'm just telling the truth!
I assumed that every time you said I love you, you meant it for me
I think he just went through a break up 😂
You've got man hands.
mix... M I X ?


MIX that the ol' fashion way?????
My right hand didn't say she loved me 😭😭
“Huffin puffin” that made me think of words words words by bo burnham lol
and if you make a sickle shaped cookie and combine it with the hammer cookie then you get communism
YSAC be my Valentine
I’m single and I just want the cookies
THANK GOD!
So the "psychiatrist friend" is that a reference to your other channel.. You cant hide forever🌽
WHERE'S THE WANGJANGLE
Instructions unclear made bread.
Its allright. You dont have to feel forced to make a video because the alarmclock is ringing.
Damn, I feel personally attacked right now. thanks ! :D
Why am I just now noticing that I love your hands?
did you just say mix
"Turn to each other and repeat after me."

[turns to my left hand]
Why do you sound like jim from The Office?
You should do a q&a
there’s a lot to unpack in this video , you good man?
wai- i thought, men are- but women are supposed to do that!
Please tell me you arent suicidal.
B R O W N   T H E   B U T T E R
I want to send this to my boyfriend but I'm not sure he will understand
...U good bro? Someone hurt you?
He sounds like Bob from Bob's burgers, low-key
It's been over a month and I'm obviously late, but I think this is the most romantic thing ever! And with that, I love y'all !!
Ah I'm so happy when I'm not sad
Who needs love when you have cookies?
Do you have another job besides being a YouTuber because I don’t know how much you would get paid but only posting once every 2 weeks wouldn’t make much
I want egg series back
I Love you :3
You doing okay, friendo?
1:11 I love that you have to clarify that!
'Three seventy fundo' Isnt fundo enough for me.
this video has a slightly unhinged energy to it
Relationship goals... For when I actually have one.
How'd you know I was bad at romance? cries
Your chocolate covered fingers make me want to lick mine
Finally a meal for one
Lol insult me more cooking daddy
this is the realest vid i've seen from you
Wow dude.  You really hit home for me.  I hate how honest this is, but thank you.
Wtf i did these recipe n everything melt down n i burned it
OMG!!!!! He says "Mix" instead of wangjangle!!!!!!!!
1:13 episode 5 reference
why is this channel name so true lol
@2:52 That's freakin Australia... WTF... Why didn't you present that upside down?!
we love a early queen
I watched this while eating a chocolate chip cookie, cookieception 🍪🍪
this video was a personal callout
This was different. This was raw.
I love you, but let’s be honest...
Just noticed that YouTube unsubbed me from this amazing channel.......I’m angry.
MIX??? DONTCHA MEAN WANGJANGLE?
I gave this to my teacher and she told me it was expired
If you like hard cookies more than soft cookies, you're a psychopath.
just in time for valentine's day
3:20 I so badly wanted him to bake a sickle cookie and put it on TOP of the hammer
I'll make these for my totally real girlfriend, who lives in Canada.
That baby looked under chocolate chipped
you suck at creatting video.
honestly, no, it's awesome.
Sending this to my boyfriend immediately.
My new fav channel
can you use baking powder or is that illegal
Why didn’t this show up in my notifications??
Can you make stuff that is ussually witg eggs but make it with a subsitute (think of all the people allergic to eggs (which is also a reason why I can't follow how to basics tutorials))
Did you brake up with your girlfriend or something?
I just made these, they are still warm, and they're delicious
I made this recipe and the cookies were delicious, but all my eggs had personalities so it had an aftertaste
One egg that doesn't have a personality...
I've never felt so personally attacked and well understood at the same time
....jason? is ysac mayhaps a bicon?
0:45 I didn't need such a personal attack
YOU SAID MIX AND NOT WANGJANGLE
My friend was playfully doing that thing at the beginning with her dog (moving her dog's mouth with her hands) in front of me. And then it got to the SEX part lol. She still did it... Akward yet hilarious. XD
Missed you bud
Are you awakenwithJP??
I love when he says Wangjangle!
that second when your crush gives your BFF a gift and you get nothing... ME ON VAL DAY
Yeah JaSoN!!!
OH MY GOD HE UPLOADED
3:55  First time his voice gave away that he is laughing (and trying not to) :P
Or bake up nothingness
I needed this today. This is a good video.
I can imagine your pain, you cook for us everyday edit it then upload it, I cant even cook myself an egg
This video was a bit tooooo real for me...
When he spilled the vanilla I could smell the strongness of it
DANG IT JASON GET BACK THERE AND FIX THE DECK!!!
Or you can make a cookie in the shape of a hammer that says “lemme smash”
Wangjangle me up some more videos!.
Finally a upload
Are you okay?😂
haha what’s love ?
Yeah but when I think romance, I think snickerdoodles.
I genuinely thought that he would say “Hey baby, let’s smash” for the hammer
I feel like devaluing romance in the face of what's essentially the (globally) children audience of YouTube is sort of wrong.
Love is a beautiful thing, and it's important that you consider well who you let into your life, because a light-minded decision today might lead to your loss of freedom tomorrow. Stay safe, love responsibly, but don't be afraid to love :)
Happy Valentine's day everyone.
4:06 that fit🥵🥵
3:05 try to fix our broken relationship
I think he’s broken...
man you are so funny , and also nice cookies
Cool! Now I need an girlfriend..
Raw eggs?    




Sweety, I would eat straight cake batter as a kid
3:00 ...


I'M IN LOOOOOVE WITH MY CAAAAAAAAAR
Love you ysac
You make chocolate chip cookies so much different than we do at my house, we just do it in one big bowl instead of 2 bowls.
I was watching and realized how forever alone I am
ain't nobody deserves to be happy on my day
Great. Thanks for reminding me of my total ineptitude in cooking AND romance.
Real moodbooster there, Y sack mi in da face.
(jk ♥).
I love how at the end you can just hear the smile in his voice
Haha Haha!
YES I DO SUCK AT ROMANCE :( how did you know that
Looks really good🥘🍳🔥
Please help; I watched this video and realized I have to break up with my SO, so I planned to bake a pair of cookie spectacles to let her know that I appreciated how observant and good at helping me see life more clearly she's been, but also how nagging, nit-picky, intrusively chastising, casually patronizing and overly correcting when we're seeing other people and god would you just get a hold of what are blatantly your own insecurities speaking and not any glaring defect of character in me and would you just get out       she could be occasionally from time to time sometimes, but when I showed it to her, she thought it was a cookie bra.

She thought I was being cute and subversively sarcastic about the whole institution of Valentines Day, but also finally bringing the issue of our stale bedroom up as an intellectually and individually independent, communicatively responsible partner finally speaking up out of worry and being fed-up with being a victim of a poorly co-managed relationship of my own making that I was now taking initiative on our collective behalf to  something about. We got into therapy, I discovered the importance of self-reliance and confidence in order to take part in a relationship, she discovered new-found respect for my personal qualities as an individual and partner, our sex life has never been better, and I've never been happier in my life than I am now.

What do I do now?
Suddenly understanding why my boyfriend didnt wanna watch this together last night ansnamksskqk
In Russia, February 14 is the second women's day. And this is hell for men.
I love that when you bake you always make cars and hammers.  You are pretty skilled. Hopefully you get a real hammer one day.
YSAC seems like he has some suppressed feelings about Valentine’s Day lol
9 views and 0 likes 






WE NEED TO LIKE
Buddy, is there something you wanna talk about? Also, when will you release a full-length song cause honestly? all of your short jingles bop lol
666 666 views
did he put extra salt in zxhkvxhgihxhc
Already made the call and broke up with my next boyfriend.
No milk? You dont deserve love you savage.
I kinda thought you were gonna start crying
Is there a cookie I can make to drowned my pain in? Because I'm alone? Or just because I like cookies?
When he said turn to your significant other I turned to the mirrror ☹️😢😢
I have the exact same striped yellow belt. I was in karate for over 4 years.
I’ve never seen a video of urs that I haven’t choked at because of laughing
Them cookies sound rock hard 😆
your hands look stressed in this video, :/
i came from robby
this guy kind of sounds like binging with babish
3:26 you sure that's not just seigward of catarina?
I’ve got a husband someone can borrow...I’d rather be alone on Valentine’s Day
Love how you moved the cookie closer to the camera to make it beat
Happy Single People's Awareness Day! February 14th!
I got a cookie in the shape of soap. What does this mean?
I love you <3
‘Let us just be friends’ my heart broke
Yay I love this
I like the part with the cooking and the cookies.
where's Jason I just wanna talk
he's samonella
Error. Significant other not located
All these cookies



But no one to give it to
3:10 I am your hammer you are my sickle
These look so good btw
A-Are you okay?
Thank you for this video, we've been a wait for your funny and delicious recipes.
 😊


I was repeating after you but my mom was next to me...
It sounds like he has been crying
Are you okay?
I wanna bake cookies 4 my bf but hes in California... u__u
Do you need to go to couples therapy
As good as these might look, I can't shrug the hard tacking sound as you place them on the cutting board. No cookie should sound that hard on the bottom. You've failed me YSAC.
I’m a kid an I watch this an I was like NOPE NO COOKIES
I wasn't ready for this video.
I'm single, does this still apply to me? :)
Will you be MY valentine?
you forgot the sickle cookie to go along with the hammer cookie comrade
i feel like he went kinda personal on this vid jeez...got some probs bruh
A deliciousness!!!
idk what i thought this video was gonna be but this wasn’t it 😂😂
Wow, this is the newest I’ve ever seen a good video, only 9 views!
You've got great veins.
those cookies sound dry as hell wtf rattling as they hit the board??
Leave a like for a face reveal!!
so much angst XD
I always eat raw cookie dough when im baking cookies lol i never got sick
You okay bud?
Marry me💘
I made this and ate them by myself :(
Just made these today 💞
ily rordon eggsey happy valentines day
This video was so romantic that I want to hang out some day
Do you have any good gluten free recipes
HONESTYYYYYYYYYYY
The first 40ish seconds was almost word for word my last breakup lol
the beginning was such an emotional rollercoaster
Bro who hurt you
Hes laughing while trying to do this. Or crying. Lmao
You ok boo?
If you add a sickle to that hammer, is it cook-unism?
Damn dude who hurt you?
But these cookies always end with me having to make break up pasta
You okay buddy
who hurt you bro
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
how much is a cup in gramm?
Are you okay?
I love you
Rip my names jason.
i’m gonna need you to post more often
3:09 DO NOT FORGET THE COOKIE SICKLE
if i watched youtube with my boyfriend he would dump me haha ... if only he was real
How's the cookbook coming along?
Love the ending
Do you work at taco Bell?
Will you be my valentine ?
Use code Cookie ;)
are you okay mate?
this is bleak, man
I'm glad your back
This video just reminded me that I have never had a gf ever at 21 lol
FABOLOUS!
That car looks like a toad. 😂
My gf and I are arguing now, thanks
Are u gonna make this for me?
are we all pretending you were sober filming this? k got it
How Romantic!
upload new video
I’ll make these but who do I give them to?
Im going to wangjangle those cookies
The beginning was too real, so to make sure the love was still there, we had intercourse during the video. Thanks
Your back!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
woah i actually have these ingredients

except...
        



         the 
chocolate 

                     chips 

😔
I'm so glad to see that FingerGuns™ is still sponsoring you!
He sounded like he was trying not to laugh at the end of the video 😂😂
The veins on your left hand are popping out more than usual...
and that looks s good...
I didn’t come here to be attacked about my last relationship I came to see some cookies :///
Haha I'm lonely
I love you YSAC ❤️
I made them according to your instructions in the description. They weren't very chocolate-y for chocolate chip cookies. I love you even if you do suck at (writing) cooking though. Merry Thursday.
"mustard stain"...nearly spit my drink on that!  Excellent video, YSAC!  Happy Valentine's Day to YSAC and anyone who sees this.  Hope you have a romantic, safe, and enjoyable day!
oml when you said "for Christ sales JASON  would you mind fixing the back deck finally?" it's exactly like my dad, for 2 reasons 1. he always puts stuff off (to watch hockey) and 2. his name is Jason 
lol
The hammer is to say that they're breaking up
Get the hammer one for your ex and give it to her/him saying you’re a tool 👍
if did you make a hammer out of cookie then you need to make another shape like a reaping hook too
We need you for the fight against T-Series! Support his cause and release your army!
i made some and boy do these cookies melt me
Your chocolatey fingers were quite distracting.
This is a broken man
....you ight man?????
Cookies???
Haha love is a lie I'm cold and so alone  please stop the pain yay cookies!
Who hurt you?
Is everything okay YSAC? Do you need to talk about it?
Dumplings??
How did you know i suck a romance?
nothing more original than buying expensive chocolates or bracelets or flowers and pretending to be thoughtful.
“If you’re watching this with your significant other”
Me (single): 🙃
who hurt this man??????
this gave me anxiety
3:17 You already have the hammer, you just need the scythe and we have the perfect cookie
you need a channel where you just upload the songs. pleaseeee.
How to cook bacon perfectly
you sound like bob from bob's burgers thank u
Cookies can give you salmonella? The more you know
*cookie monster would like to: know your location*
When are you going to show us your beautiful face?
i know :c
The original Babish
I’m early 
Let me tell a joke 
Why did the socks cross the road?







Because I put the wrong socks on this morning
0:41 I feel personally attacked
The song at the end is so true
So much relate
You are my favorite your the funniest you tuber ever.
When you realize you filmed a whole video and said valentimes day wrong the entire time
When ur one of the few people in this comment section that is actually in a relationship.. Welp yeet
I feel like he gets angrier each episode. He didn't even wangjangle things together this episode. He must be missing pimblickto
How do we make oatmeal raisin cookies?
wait... isn't sucking in romance a good thing?
am I the only one that's fine with eating the raw eggs?  That's one of my favourite recipes is stirring up some brownie mix but instead of cooking it, I refrigerate it.  It's super good and it's more like fudge then brownies.
We need a cookie shaped like false love
Too real, man.
Pls go out with me ysac
Those are the shittiest cookies I've ever seen in my life lol
so this channel is basically a calmer version of how to basic
Not gonna lie that song at the end was pretty catchy
Towards the end you sounded like you were trying not to cry and I hope that was on purpose
I’m constantly single
im onestly not sure if that was brown sugar, or moist sand...
I have that exact clear bowl
Oh. Oooh that was dark. I'm so sorry
You good fam? lol
Y.S.A.C....Are you ok?
kinda miss the egg episodes
Yo, tf. This is 2 weeks early. Bro, this is to early, rio
Baked you a hammer cookie cause I really love hammering you. Honest romance.
he sounds like the depressed teenager from Bob's Burgers
Wait are you still with Rhea?
You're the best! 1:07 LOL
Pepper pepper pepper
0:58 did he say fark ?
I think this guy hase more that 1 talent
Way to get a guy in trouble shiiiit.
i legit thought the outro was a real song and almost googled it...
Who hurt you my dude?
I got a receipt for people who are lonely on this day

Step 1. Get a tub of ice cream for 2

Step 2. Get 2 spoons

Step.3 eat it with twice as power as you ever could and join and ice cream eating contest as you domanant  the ice cream world and get crowd as the ice cream champ
IM ALONE FOREVER
I cry cause this video is the only thing that reminded me that tomorrow is valentines day...
i dont think these cookies are good they got hard after some time and imo a good cookie stays soft but just gets cold
Can you say romance any less richardy
raw eggs are edible and pretty good tho
The best part of Valentine's day is February 15th. Half price chocolate!
Damn, them boys DRY
You have very old fingers
You ok YSAC?
I love this channel!
3:15 add a sickle and you've found true love
1:01 What the hell is “mix?” I only know how to wangjangle.
Dis is content
I got dumped like 6 days ago what am I doing here
Oh no no, I'm not going to give it to my lover, IM GOING TO EAT THEM.
My house got reduced to ashes. But the cookies were great tho.
Uhhhh you okay there buddy?
I’m still pissed at u for how u treat pimblokto
If you call em romantic, they’re romantic
The only romantic video we all need atm
wangjangle
Waiting for face raveal
....needs more cocolate chips
Honesty is HAWT
Are you eating enough? You’re looking more skinny than usual
I'm getting up at 5:30 to make these because I have school later. These better be good. Dont make me file a lawsuit. Dont make me.
I love you
The chocolate that accumulated more and more on your fingers was just so unsettling
Single awareness day!
Forget the cookies. Me and my girlfriend want those chocolatey hands
I feel like that cookie heart has arrhythmia
Those cookies sound like they will break a crown...lol
190°C
I burnt my finger so badly that it turned black while making these today. But at least they were good🤠
How can you make me feel sympathetic for a robot and eggs!!!!! 😅
He is back!
i love you
I'm disappointed no chocolate chip sickle followed that chocolate chip hammer for your communism day special video. Oh, wait, do you say that wasn't the goal of this video?
Whoa he called it a fork
I’d rather have You Suck at Romance as my Valentine than my real Valentine tbh
does this count as a baking channel?
0:54
I wonder what's Chad up too.
Do I have to add chocolate chips?
this is how i got a girlfriend
Robby sent me btw
why am I so attracted to his voice. like im down
I love you
I love you
Happy V- oh wait im late
Yup I’m making these for myself
I luv u
See u next month
How does cookies relate to relationships
I love chocolate chip cookies I made a batch yesterday and ate 6 from 3pm to 9pm worst part their were only 12 cookies
Better than buzzfeed recipes
I miss you daily
now I’m just scared to share this
The hammer  is for, "Hammer me, daddy"
Today’s my birthday 🖤
The beating heart =)))))
Plz dont make me cry again plz
Honest is hottest
I love you oml
I like the fact that he's just trying so hard not to laugh at around 3:50
1:15 wangjangled*
break the cookie in half goddammit
How’s Pimblokto?
This made me feel sad and alone
You didnt pre heat
Where my single gang at?
Dude his voice is soooo deep
This was therapeutic.
Kalista.
Who hurt you?
Who hurt you?
Is it weird that i was eating a chocolate chip bagel while watching this🍪🍪🍪
who needs another loved one when you can have a loved cookie
WANG JANGLE
Is this metric or imperial
Happy Single Awareness Day!
when new egg episode?
Jordan Peterson reference?
Man I hope you are fine...
Oh shit, I'm really stupid. I totally thought we were baking them seperately!
Single again for Valentine's Day! Where my single gang at?
:3
My Valentine is my dog is that bad
I miss Devon.
Who else is celebrating valentines alone
You totally succ
I love how the stupid hammer has a bite taken out of it
Hammer and sickle cookie
I am making  raisin cookies
You have attractive hands
RelationChiP
The only times I catch myself watching your brilliant videos is when I encounter insomnia. Is this the only state at which I can soulfully appreciate these masterpieces? Probably. 😄😄
Happy Valentine's day ya filthy animals. Make some weird cookies and smooch your loved ones.
I'm making the cookies for the first time. Thx for the instructions. I will give them to someone special tommorow. (I might of added 2 cups of chocolate chips... Hope it turns out)
His unwashed chocolately fingers gave me anxiety
Cooking you like🎥
You're drunk aint you
Are you going through something do u need help
I am youth.
“You thought we were gonna bake them separately. But you’re dumb.”
kind sire i  love u
WHO HURT YOU?
Hey uh how’s Devon doing?
Am I the only one who just imagines YSAC as James from the odd ones out? They sound really similar...wait...
I actually did make the cookies though...
I love you.
moar!
See you guys on Easter
i cry.
I came here just because I want cookies and because I'm alone
Just be careful when touching inner children.
Do you create these recipes yourself, or do you find them online and then refine them?
3:09 Is this T-Series?
was it only me when he showed the hammer that the soviet union anthem was going to start
You're a day early
What does a gun mean
😂😂😂
Are you ok?
oh hell yeah
I didnt know Batman could make cookies
You ok?
Damn, esas manos👺
Send me those cookies
i wove this idea
You good fam?
jesus
The finger guns are code... and those who know it, have already broken it.
Honestly I just want food
Are....... Are you okay..?
This man has been hurt
I just bought Oreos
Who hurt you man?
Yo why don’t u plead more and do a face reveal?
who hurt you
Lol I need to bake a car cookie
Are you ok?
who else is watching with no valentine
Are you ok?
Pahaha this one was so perfect!   Making my loved one a hammer because 'Honey you know I love you but I'm gonna murder you in your sleep tonight with a hammer if you don't stop bitching at me to fix shit round the house! ^_^ Happy Valentines babe!'
His hands look different and older, am I the only one who sees this, help
It’s the first time in my 23 years of life that I have plans for Valentine’s Day.......lol
Really miss your dog.
don’t wanna hand shame u but what is wrong with your hands. they look like your about to transform into hulk or something
My boyfriend doesn't like cookies (yes, that is weird) so I'll just make them and eat them all by myself. Thats fine too.
Who hurt you man
I kinda havent watched this channel in some time. It does not appear on my feed and it kinda lost a little of its luster. If you were a day one fan. I need to say no more.
Who hurt you man
Who hurt you
uhm what is up with your hands 0:46 is that normal just checking
ysac yeah
I didnt want it to end😞🌽
I love that he uses normal ass utensils don't get me wrong I love binging with babish but I don't have time for all that fancy nonsense
No girlfriend dab
Hey ysac, this video really helped me out because at the time I was going through something tough... my favourite mug got shattered and I can’t get another because I don’t live in that spot and I’d have to take a plane flight there... so thanks...
Agave juice;)
why has every Valentine's episode been depressing
This made me so sad
Putting those cookies down sound like those wooden blocks
add more sugar for revenge diabetes
Post more
ok the intro hit a little bit too hard
1:07
Who hurt you!??? : (
Love you too
Happy valentines day to you too, ya nerds
That's one heck of a macro
Where have you been
did anybody watch this even though they are never gonna make these cookies
I hate cookies
I’m missing someone to share them with....
You really think raw egg will stop me?
Yes
:(
Yes
i hate underchocolate chipped things of life
....Are you ok?
He is definitely the bitter half
I got cookies, but she does that to everyone and she hides salty ones inside
* crying* I’m-So-lonely
I don't watch because I can't cook.
I am watching because I laugh at your comments on the side.
WABS! I saw the Ramen video a while ago and still remember that.
WTF have I just watched?
Food wishes with chef John on steroids
This video was depressing
make pp shaped cookie
i tried putting chocolate chips in my recipe and i can only see 99% chocolate and 1% dough, what?
The arms got burnt.
Im single, Oh Yeah Yeah
Mommy he called me dumb
0:58 what the f*** is a "fork"
This irrational fear of raw eggs annoys me.
I've had a smoothie made from two raw eggs, a cup of milk, a banana, and a little protein powder nearly every day since 1981.
And I'm not dead yet.



And I'm still waiting for the Russian missiles they said  would vaporize my town.
I eat my raw doe all the time and I've never gotten salmonella aHa
3:28 Hmmmm.... Mmmmm.... Oh!
i am going to make that, thanks
Watched all your vids with my girlfriend last year around this time, I’m alone now and still watching :,)
I ate a mc chicken during this video alone is that ok.........nvm of course it is
That baby looks like Siegmeyer of Catarina.
New kitchen?
That is seriously the easiest cookies recipie ive ever seen! My fiance got me 2 different things of chocolates flowers and a ukulele!! I have got him NOTHING!! I will make him good food or something.. I got this lol! I wont forget the cookies ok!!
See you guys next month
4:25 hey that cookie looks kind of like a heart
lol
Are you going through something...
I'm a lonely potato who will eat lots of cookies on Valentine's day
Wang jangle me
Who hurt you😢
Woah I just whistled
SOFTENED BUTTER TASTE BETTER THo
I really wanna eat these cookies
For Valentine's day I want to be a super hero. Should i be batman, super man, or your man?
My cookies are better.
Mimimimimi thats not cooking thats baking 👍
Who else is watching this while single asf
Am i high or am i being brain washed? Wut
chance of getting salmonella
I love you siwhw soyahqndocuw
I bet you're cute
That child is underchocolatechipped
Who hurt you
Why his pan so dirty
"Brought to you by finger guns and agave juice."  Who doesn't love to drown their Valentine's Day sorrows with a few shots of agave juice.  Cheers!
That oops sounded like parappa the rapper
Is or chef
Who hurt you
I’m a single Pringle
Who hurt you?
w- wangjangle
Just came here to say Hello and to let you know that we're wating
Who hurt you?
Who hurt you?
Are..are u okay there hun???
That car looks like a happy trex head
This actually looks like a eally easy and really solid chocolate chip cookie recipe and I wanna try it
Thanks.
I like tide pods
Your hands are weird in this video
Who hurt you
Who hurt you
Who hurt you
Shoob
I love you
Those cookies sound like bricks
1:45 I'm dumb :(
00:41 Tell me what I don't know
after watching this, i plan on making these and see if i get a boyfriend.
these cookies actually suck
o:44 aro mood!!!!
You should do plain cookie chocolate chip cookie sandwich cookies, they are meant to stop girlfriends leaving you because of the chocolate stains on her practise wedding dress, you'll figure it out.
Random
who hurt you?
Did anyone else repeat the words to themselves in the Mirror..?
Hi
Who hurt you?
Who hurt you?
Amazing
I saved my white chocolate what my mum gave me for Valentine’s Day (I know this is depressing) too make these cuz I didn’t have any other chocolate but they came out great, I only got to eat one and then left then and when I come back theirs only two left ;(

When you realise you spelt something wrong ;{
Who hurt you?
Who hurt you?
Who hurt you?
Who hurt you?
remember this only works if you hide the divorce papers inside the cookies
You gonna eat them?
Make an cake
I'm just here for the songs at the end of the videos.
It is so easy to make it. Thanks
What the heck!! He doesn’t post often enough !
Yum
i definitely thought the hammer was going to be a pewdiepie vs t series joke...
UHHHHH 😢🔫
crying
Happy love day!
You can’t beat this salt pepper nutmeg cinnamon mix it up a few squeezes of lemon add some hot sauce mix it up add spicy skittles mix it up and then bind it together with something and have them eat it
Actually no wrap it up in spicy fruit by the foot walluh spice 








For a little extra spice do like ten squeezes of lemon and some graded ghost pepper 
Then wrap it up in three spicy fruit by the foots 





For even more spice litterly take a ghost pepper cover in hot sauce it it up and do the original thing but not before dipping the pieces of ghost pepper is put in a mix of pepper salt cinnamon sugar and nutmeg maybe disguise all of this in something good like a taco out meat and cheese when deep enough the bite the thing of course make sure they don’t have any allergy’s please share the story’s in the reply’s
why'd you stop for a while
You forgot the pepper pepper pepper
Shit that final song looks super cool
Mmmmm cookies
Steal their truck...and take the dog too!
Ok but i actually was sitting with my significant other at the start of this video and we repeated u at first and it was very awkward. Are you ok? Are you in a loveless relationship & they just haven't gotten the hint after years of you making hyperspecific highly cynical references like this?
Honey I am pregnant..*Ha APRIL FOOLS YOU'RE NOT THE DAD*
0:40 Wellllll, he's not wrong.
If you don't have a chance of getting salmonella, it's just not right.
still not as good as garlic spinach and sun-dried tomatoes mixed with macaroni and cheese until it tastes delicious and then you eat it  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm it's so good why didn't you think of this a long time ago and will I ever be able to eat macaroni and cheese again without this awesome stuff inside it I doubt it except that it's a lot of work so I'll probably just think about it then won't actually go to all the trouble unless I'm trying to impress someone but maybe I should start to impress myself for a change and see where that gets me in life I'm ordering Thai.
You were so rude to the egg! :(
That kinda hit home
Raw eggs are good for you.
Who hurt you YSAC? Who?
The greatest dilemma there is...do we settle if there might be better out there?  Stay single and possibly die alone?  I know a lot of divorced people.  They married young, get bored in a few years, jump ship and get divorced.  Split finances, sell the house, end up ten times worse off financially, get excited because they can finally wangjangle someone new, can’t usually find anyone better than who they found the first time, settle again, start over financially with worse finances and a potentially worse partner.  He/she may be new, but new gets old fast.  The excitement of someone new is good for about two to three years, tops.  Might as well have stayed with “I settled” partner number one for all the good it did ya.  That’s life, ain’t it grand 😉.  Just a casual observation from someone surrounded by people who act just like this.  I honestly can’t think of a single one who ended up better off after leaving their original partner (at least in my area of the world).  Not to be disgusting, but this is what “wandering genitalia syndrome” gets you.  A worse house, less money, and a partner you’ll be just as tired of in a few years anyway.  Dying alone isn’t the answer either.  I just saw that happen to a relative and that sure isn’t happy or pretty either 😕.  Anyway, happy settling either way.  Maybe we’re all just full of ourselves and think we deserve better than we actually do deserve.  I’ve prescribed to the “be content with what you’ve got” course of action.  At least I don’t need a lawyer or a smaller house for that.
Good cookies
I hope none of these cookies went to waste
Oh
Mr smith
I wanna have your babies!!!
Qw🎵uit
Wow
You should make a meal for like a diabetic
I want a goddamn cookie
LOLLLLL
I really do suck at romance, 4 engagements later, no marriages.
his voice is so hot tf
this man is going through something
Great video!!
Cuz there’s raw egg in it? Since when did THAT stop people????
Is anyone watching this with socks on?
I made a chocolate chip snake :)
Very nice voice
I’m alone and sad
Yeah I’m just watching for myself here
Why did YouTube recommend me this?
... Who hurt you?
Dis funny
Is there weed in these cookies or something?
I don’t care about people enough to share.
That last part with the baby hit too close to home.
can I use white chocolate chips if I'm breaking up with them? or is there a break up cookie I could make?
If you guys want to eat the batter, then make vegan chocolate chip cookies! (They taste the same!!)
Am I the only one that thought he was about to cry in the end?
I don’t think you understand how many under chocolate chipped chocolate chip cookies I’ve had
I made these and they sucked, thanks 🙏
Cup? Get gud, I put the whole bag in.
why is it an egg with no personality? when will we get closure to the egg saga?
Only one cup of chocolate chips? Nah, add the entire bag.
Where’s the weed cookie
The intro deserves an extra like from me.
You alright mate?
I love some chocolate chip cookies
!!!
Make a hammer cookie to let your significant other know you want to nail them
I’m going to eat cookies alone tomorrow and relish the fact that I don’t have to share any of them.
Romance
Do you shave your arms or are you hairless all over? I'm gunna believe you're just completely hairless
You'll only get salmonella if the eggs aren't pasteurized. Right? So cookie dough is relatively safe.
YSAC is your right pointer finger ok at 3:17? Is that blood or chocolate? Hopefully, you didn't add blood to the cookies and just pure chocolate. And I hope your finger's okay if it's hurt.
i made fudge and cupcakes are you proud of me
Ok I’ll feed this to my dog.
Hey I think you should make your own website so everyone can see you weird but glorious cooking videos without the set backs    YouTube have recently.
The car cookie looks like a peepee
Why would I make cookies when I can eat my significant other
Raw egg is usually not bad for you
One whole egg and 1 egg yolk make super chewy cookies
this video sucked...
That hit a little too close to home.
White sugar half and half brown is better.
Wow, am I dreaming? Cuz this the cleanest YSAC episode yet.
I don't know who's hands you are, but you  are amazing
guys I think YSACS name is Jason
YSAC, you doing ok buddy?
The only ones that loved me were my foster kittens, and they're gone now :(
My girlfriend broke up with me 9 days before Valentine’s Day 😭👌
I would like to taste this 'relationship'. Where can I get it?
I’m just gonna bake these for myself thanks
Please never stop making videos
I think he's going for a hand modeling contract this episode. I would rent those nice long fingers because they look like they can get places.
Damn dude your awesome
0:41 how did you know
How is that baby cookie so perfect wtf
Omg u posted
Oh you aint dead
This is the worst cookie recipe I've ever seen but do we really care? We come here for him not his sucky cooking skills.
nice
do something stupid with melt n' dip and ill sub for eva
You suck at romance is a jingle I can relate to.
You sound so extra joyful this time around it disturbs me.
It sounds like he's crying 3:57
Stop reminding me of how alone I am.
I’m so sad that my dad buys me a giant Hershey kiss every Valentine’s Day 😂😭

But happy V Day to you too mate.
what the


why is there creaming of the butter and sugar im so confused i only follow the toll house recipe im totally using this now
“One... egg that doesn’t have a personality.”
I was expecting you to make a sickle to go with the hammer
I feel personally attacked from what was said in this video
Oooh...you don't make chewy cookies. I feel like this relationship was built on lies. I think it's over
The trick to living in relationship denial is to convince yourself that physical affection, love, intimate communication with a peer and having someone to depend on are all overrated. Once you manage that you're home free.
Woo cookies for someone lonely like me
I got so distracted by the chocolate on ur fingers
No, I suck during romance.
I dont know why im mentioning it but I heard chads family owns a boujee bakery and he knows how to make spongecake without a recipe.. i dont care though chad can know how to bake thats cool
The most romantic thing ever
1:22
Yes.
Just ask Jordan B. Peterson.
Who hurt you
Did you just say mix...mix!!!!!! It's wanjangle ffs!!!!!!!
ROMANCE
69 dislikes the dislikes are gays
Can’t wait for next weeks, I mean months video.
dude pleeeease make a channel with your outro songs exclusively
HA! I already have no one to share these cookies with. I'm one step ahead of ya.
But why no Keith Haring dog shaped cookie?
3:04 add a sickle if ur partner in russian
That affirmation at the beginning...ouch. Yeah, that’s marriage, all right. Story of my life.
How did that egg get through the audition process with zero personality? Nepitism, that's how.
What is this "mix" you speak of at 1:00? From where I come from we call this, "wang-jangling".
So eh, you got some relationship problems? Sure as hell sounds like it.
You look like you're wearing Jack Kelly style hand gloves.
“One egg that doesn’t have a personality” explains why you don’t always do the egg chronicles thing when using eggs
I don't get the point of Valentine's day because you could express your love to your loved one anytime even after dark or in the morning so huh. I like Valentine's day but is not how it used to be, I feel like is not even a holiday anymore.
You sound so sad.
PLEASE RELEASE YOUR ALBUM
I’m single and gay
You’re cookies aren’t the same size I think your wangjangling game is off
Who hurt you ?
Is it just me or did I just realized tomorrow is valentines day???
Your videos have a way of easing me into a peaceful depression speckled with joy chunks.
With pasteurized eggs being a majority of the eggs we see in the store tour more likely to get ecoil poisoning from the flower then salmonella poisoning from the eggs
I’m all alone this valentines day😓
I'm going to buy myself a big, heart-shaped box of chocolates for V day, YSAC. That sounds SO much easier than what I'd have to go through with a partner and these romantic cookies. 😂
"Now let's add an egg that doesn't have a personality." God, I love your video backtracks.
Omg are you binging with babish thats what imdb says
Thank you, I feel less lonely now
I love your, in chocolate covered, hands ❤
My name's Jason, so I jumped a bit at that part
That one egg has more personality then me
I made these in baking club at school
who are you mystery man?
Make a hammer and sickle and you got communism
If you are single you can cook it for me, my bd is on the 14th of february :D
the only thing i got for valentine is this video
Those are some massive hands
Break up cookies to go with the break up spaghetti
I'll cook these for myself
3:14 he sounds like the odd1stout
I’d love the send this to my ex who I use to make watch these videos
i die at 1:15 with the raw egg without personality
i hate that ill be single on Valentine’s Day because that means i can’t wangjangle anyone :/
i wanna lick the chocolate of your fingers
the chocolate stains slowly accumulating on his hands

you can see him crumbling, it's so powerful
im sad now. thank you.
That is some sound relationship advice.
I don't care. I'm eating this raw
Love is fleeting, but cookies last forever.
You alright buddy?
Where's your pupper at the end :(
Never mistake "honesty" for "telling people how I feel", because those are NOT the same thing. Honesty, being an honest person, means behaving and speaking in a way that reflects truth. Feelings rarely have anything to do with truth, and if you build a relationship based on feelings, that relationship will fall apart when the feelings go away. And feelings ALWAYS go away, because feeligns are fleeting and temporary. Permanent choices and commitments are more important than feelings, because if you honor your word and stay committed to your choices, you will be an HONEST person, and that honesty mixed with a little bit of gratitude is the key to happiness and choosing to live life filled with love.
Omelettes anyone?
Are you ok?
wai wuh
u ok there bud?
Is this recipe keto? I want to think it's keto.
How many times did it take to get each of those special shaped cookies?
I’m only disappointed that the egg had no personality.
whats bad with raw egg?
I can't wait to eat these crying in my bathtub at home tommorow!!! :)
Am I the only one who thinks that he sounds like a Ryan Reynolds?
I have a Valentine’s Day party at my school tomorrow and l’m just gonna hand out pencils... is that romantic?😂
Yay
First...








To like my own comment
3:05 or you just say "imma nail u"

I'm sorry
My dads name is Jason and that part gave me childhood flashbacks
chance of getting S I M O N E L L A
Wow, I didn't think it would be so simple to make.  I really do suck at cooking.
Cookie hammers! Wait what? Nice video
I love you. I've been with you since under 200k subscribers. Why won't you look me in the eyes anymore when we wang-jangle?
Literally drooling....🤤🍪👍
You should make cupcakes or something.
The part with the baby cookie.. so on point man.
"I love you"
I’m single rip
You were really proud of that last part weren't you.
Oh yeah yeah 
New video
Amazing
Looks like a ginger with chocolate chips
No u
No u
This hit way to close to home.
Methinks you don't know what "Romantic" means. Damno to omni ad inferi! picks up his scutum and gladius and crucifies you before eating a white pizza
3:04
Thank you, YSAC, for taking the time and effort to
give a valuable in-depth explanation of the double meaning of Valentine's Day.
"Turn to your significant other....."
Me: Turns to look at the mirror
"mix this together"??? what is the amateur hour?
Wait I've been making cookies wrong my entire life

Not only are you supposed to cook them with with meaning for their shape


YOU HAVE TO MIX THE FLOUR MIX WITH THE EGG MIX :0


Thank you you for fixing my mistake

Also is that real butter
Another great recipe I can eat by myself this valentine.
I should go to sleep
I wanted the communism jokes :(
3:51 he sounds like holding back laughing
I'm gonna make plenty of cookies...
For myself...
Cause I'm alone... 
No need to share like that...
💕💕💕 come on Jason!!
Goddamnit, Jason.
Yay right on day
i'll take the cookies tbh
why do you never wear clothes in your videos?
Friends with benefits
My shirt has some good mustard stains on it. Can i use that?
💖🍪
The song sounds like Eels
Is he the daily dose of internet guy ?
your fingers are awkwardly long
You deserve more subscribers that was amazing.
Good thing about being single...
You don't have to share the cookies
The hammer needs a sickle for Valentine's day
Thank you for being yourself, you are such an incredible writer.
1:45 How dare you assume my intellectual status!?
Immediately unsharable.
I love you
0:01 
looking in mirror
Does my hand count
Finallyyyy
Is this the first video he made that is not for kids😂🤷‍♂️
Are...are you okay?
The tune speaks to me even though I've never had anyone.
I think I’m in denial
Those are some nasty looking cookies.
Well peeps is valentine days tomorrow so I'm off to cookie up myself a girlfriend
375 farenheit or celcius?
i would let you give me salmonella
My sister is right by me man whyyyy.
Oof
Pre-emeptive happy S.A.D. to everyone! 







(Singles Awareness Day)
You have really nice hands, and a nice voice... Also I'm lonely.
Whats going on with the veins on his hands? Im pretty sure his hands haven’t always looked like that…
I love this video and this channel.
The Intro was so on point in describing my relationship it freaking stung like hell
romance sure can be tough but sometimes that's just the way the cookie crumbles
I'm definitely underchocolatechipped...
This video had a touch of AwakenWithJP
ia it just me or am i sensing some real passive aggression here lol
Valentine's day ? more like Valentine is gay AHAHAHAHA im so lonely
Im single. I said it to myself.
"It's so nice to bake cookies for others....." Eats them all of them
can i have a cookie?
This guy over here with the buyer's remorse on saying goodbye to his eggs. So cruel.
That wasn't a baby 3:36 that was my bro Siegmeyer of Catarina
Who hurt you
Who hurt you?
Brought to you by finger guns
🍪🍪🍪
This is what happens when you don’t upload views go down
I absolutely love listening to your voice. And love your cooking style.
3:04 I thought it would be the shape of the D... 
Yup, very much single 😁
The salmonella part was hilarious.
edit: By the way ... I loved the music.
Oof my boyfriend's name is Jason LOL
The secret ingredient is love. Wait, or is it sarcasm? Shit I forgot.
I didn’t know finger guns sponsored anyone any more. Congrats
🤣👌🏻🍪
These go both ways,  really. If you have someone, you can give it to them. If you don't, you can eat away the pain of loneliness.
Good ol' dumb usaian humor,  my least favorite.
3:30 Aaron Paul voice
Preheating my oven now lol
i am NOT sharing this with my SO he might think i want to break up w him :´v
Fellow singles where you at
New camera?
Once again knocked it out of the park
I just baked cookies before this video came out?? Like I just ate one. What.
Please please please show your face!!!
No offense but you sound kind of sick in this video. If you are, hope you feel better soon!
Oof
Those cookies look terrible and store bought
chucks are better than chips 
      CHANGE MY MIND
1:12 I'm onto you, I want that egg thriller to resolve at some point, tbh it's half the reason I'm still subscribed
Wow a batch of these cookies will really bake my day.

Also, been waiting for a while for you to upload your music to sound cloud or something. Your mix tape would be almost as fire as your kitchen 🙌
Imagine being funny, a good singer and good at cooking. This dude is husband material
Relationships explained by an Aromantic.
Brought to you by finger guns and agave juice 😂
My heart cookie stopped beating and has a bite in it. What do I do now?
am I the only one who couldn't stop staring at the chocolate on his hands lmao




oh just me?
omg. man, I love you, and I'm French :-)
Directions: 
Pre-heat oven to 375°

Ingredients:
1c brown sugar
1/2c melted butter
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 egg

1 1/2 c of all purpose flour
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/2 tsp salt

Put the packed brown sugar into a bowl, mix it together well with the melted butter. Now mix in the vanilla and egg. Now in a separate bowl mix the dry ingredients. Then stir in the dry ingredients with the brown sugar mixture until nicely blended. Now mix in one cup of chocolate chips. Form small balls of the dough and place on a baking pan lined with parchment paper. Place the pan into the oven for 13 minutes, give or take a minute if you want chewy or crunchy.
Happy Desperation Day!! 💕
It must be great to get paid to do something that requires your fingers covered in chocolate chip goo.
What a legend
Once I think some hand-made chocolate truffles would make a good valentine's day gift, so I found a recipe and make some half-descent trial products in advance.

Then I share the stuff with my dormmates and decided that its too much of a chore to do it all again, so we brought cheap chocolate candy for celebration instead.
Once in a while I wonder if it would make some difference when she decided to broke up with me a year later.
Are you doing ok?
Look very closely at the baby cookie... He has my face!
3:14 when you want to bang
if u read dis your gay
“don’t you just wanna eat a spoonful of this? no, you don’t, cause there’s raw egg in it.” - wrong. would eat a spoonful anyways
Thumbs up if you feel he has a beard
Did
Did someone break up with you
I hope pinblokto gets some love ;(
OMG! Your videos always get me :')
Now im happy i can bake cookies to my right hand
I wonder how many couples in denial have watched this, laughed, looked at each other, said, "Its time for a divorce", and then gave each other a hug.
YSAC merch when
Yes!! More videos
That intro physically hurt me. Way too close to home
I can only recommend to brown the butter in a pan before you add it to the sugar - it brings so much more flavour to the mix (some people don't like that taste it brings to the cookies, but hey :<)
No he got the hammer 
3:53
You can eat raw eggs in Sweden safely!
Overcooked
Ugh my mom forced me to buy stuff for my bf and I'm only 12 and it feels strange now later I have to go to his house and give him the stuff and our parents love to tesa us ughh
“Hammer” shaped. Sure....
The comments are full of bad and over used single jokes now!
Happy lonelysuicideday one and all!
American raw egg fear.
What did I just watch
Is this binging with Babish?
I love how the baby cookie looks like it has two eyes and a pacifier haahaha
Tweet your love or hate of coleslaw: https://ctt.ec/f0qLp
Facebook your love or hate of coleslaw: https://hrefshare.com/696b5
This whole channel is a giant middle finger to all the times your parents told you not to play with your food.
" hey sis, can I borrow your hair brush?"

" are you gonna use it on the cabbage again?"

"Maaayyybbbeeee"
Please, for the love of God, finish the egg series.... The suspense is not funny anymore... Make a deviled egg.. make a Spanish omelette... Make a Sunny side up for all I care, but please continue the series...
KALE YOUR NOT SPECIAL
We need more bread recipes. Bread is the future of youtube.

edit: as a world-renowned bread scientist I would happily collab with YSAC on a bread recipe.
3:20 if you look at the  lower middle,  it looks like a guy wearing a hat with an eyepatch shaking his fist and has a mustache
Vegan leather pants omfg
Okay, I've hated every single bite of coleslaw I've ever had, but these actually sound good. Maybe I've only had cheap poorly made coleslaw and that's why I hated it? I mean, I like all the ingredients that go into coleslaw, so why wouldn't I like them combined? The last one sounds particularly good.
I like how he actually responds to some comments. (wink wink)
I just noticed you kept looping yourself saying, “Pepper,” instead of saying, “Pepper, pepper, pepper.”
3:47 when you take a piss in the middle of the night without turning on the lights....
why would I use hello fresh when I could follow these wonderful videos??
Coleslaw is life. Specially the Mexican one with coriander chopped into it and there is a Swedish one aswell with white vinegar, oil and black pepper. Stop the cabbage hate people. Cabbage is versatile.
I love how all these videos are pretty satirical yet I always come back to them to actually cook 😂😂😂
Holy fk that motorcycle with the leather pants was amazingly good
I can't believe you took the time to cut all those leaf shapes out of cabbage. 😂 Also, that's a refreshing-looking glass of "agave juice" you've got there, hehe.
THANK YOU. I LOVE coleslaw. My family is European and I grew up on vinegar based dressing with lots of cabbage. Btw your banging cabbage #2 looks super yummy
I love this guy iv watched every single one of your videos keep up the great work ysac
Wait..."If you can't handle me at my coleslaw, you don't deserve me at my steak sandwich." 😭 so good
I'm a simple man.
I see YSAC, I click.
Your sense of humor can be adequately explained by this description of the INTP: 

"They start off by analyzing abstract ideas but then tend to take those ideas in unexpected or offbeat directions. They often do this by extending the principles governing a given idea to the furthest possible extent."
I wonder what the guy behind the voice looks like
How do you keep a straight face doing this? Its a blast!
Who else laughs all the way through these videos. This channel is so underrated lol.
I think you should make a fried rice video recipe
Coldslaw is amazing anyone who says otherwise are negative and you dont need that in your life....
I can use these recipes as rations for the troops
Mr.Unappreciative of coleslaw here. Had lots of bad experiances. But I'm willing to give this another shot.
I’m so glad you’re sponsored
Don’t have a choice after this vid, I love coleslaw now so thanks

That clip of the leather pants on the motorcycle that was really cool
"If you don't like coleslaw, you're a f*cking tool."
                             Why-Sack 2019
Oh, that's the good stuff, I have only seen shity coleslaw
from KFC.
oh hey you’re back
Wait, I don't think anybody realized that this was an actual cooking tutorial and not just a joke video!
You uploaded on my birthday! Bless you
finally someone how know correct terms: cabbagii
I actually made the last coleslaw for my parents and omg it was soooo good! I love this channel... Funny and educational 😁
This seems like a weird title name.... is Pimblokto behind this?
Love it! Especially on BBQ sandwiches.
0:35 what is that?
America plz explain
1:40 N O S T A L G I A
Hey hey man to be fair the only cole slaw I’ve ever had has been either made by my mom who can’t make food to save her life or it was from a fast food restaurant.

That said these slaws look delicious.
That moment when you reapize that you finished all his videos in just one day.
What's a mathematician's favourite salad?


Cos' Law
I love the underrated coleslaw and it’s about damn time that it gets the YSAC treatment that it needs. 🥰
Alcohol and Taxes holding the hands of child-like Courage is a MOOD.
Ok, now he's just teasing us with that motorcycle. Will he ever actually finish the egg story?
3 Things: 
#1 YSAC Rulz
#2 More peanut butter, please
I dont like coleslaw but this stuff looked bangin!
Love your humor and wit! You inspire me to try new cooking recipes. 🤗 Keep up the great content!! ❤️
You just made my night 😂 love the voice over
Still suffering from RCD so I should get me some bangin' coleslaw
Boyfriend every time he overhears YSAC video "We should have Justice soon!" Pat myself on the back I Pavalovian trained him without even trying. 
Next up making him unconsciously want to buy me books every time he hears a booktube video.
Thanks man! I made the 1st Bangin’ Coleslaw & my dad loved it!
2:44
You can't fool me, the second and third peppers were ADR'd!
"Disguise them like cabbage so no one takes a big selfish scoop.."
 these are words of absolute wisdom. Kids, take notes.
Wooohhh that's Amazing 👍. I'm totally liking your banging slaws 👌. Your video was great again as usual. Thanks for the giggles 😂👍👋
Excellent work, as always. Swear sometimes you sound like a more passive aggressive Gordon Ramsey
This is definitely one of your best videos so far! The humour is totally on-point
Whilst Gillette addresses toxic masculinity, YSAC addresses toxic coleslaw
God bless YSAC. I was just wondering how you fared against Pimblockto.

(GASP) Are we sure it's really you?
Bruh i love cabbage 😔 and i make sure to tell it that each day, it deserves love and respect alright
I'm so sad that it took me this long to find your channel
•Satisfy buttons•
•Get your satisfy buttons here•
•Cost: One like on my comment•
•3:07 and 3:22 and 3:51•


(Whispering) I’m just kidding. You can use it as much as you want without liking
There's no "(episode 84)" in the title!
In other words

coleslaw love is self love
I like how you scolded kale again.
Very educational video
this episode was my favorite yet.  i was cracking up all the way through.  all the recipes look banging but i'm super interested in that whole grain mustard middle man recipe.  mmmn thanks.  oh, nice shoes btw.
@2:43 I'm glad you added in the correct pronunciation of Pepper-Pepper-Pepper, or we would have had to do a Doppelganger test on you.
I hate am not the biggest fan of coleslaw
I guess I haven’t seen u since ( wait for it) 





Last year 


🤣😂😂😂😂
I don't get the spherical blip rhyme joke...
I thought you were dead or was forcibly made love to and was hiding from the shame that you loved it. Don't worry you're not the only one. Stay strong and slay queen.
Crazy coincidence - I was the rhythm harmonica player for a college band called the Acoustically Tenderized Cabbages. I'm not sure what to make of this, but it probably means something profound.
This mans is so good that i just didn’t notice he never shows his face and that’s awesome
A #1 meal kit, which last I checked is an okay number... 

Greatness
I love coleslaw!!!
This is my recipe:
7 cup carrot cabbage mix
1/2 cup mayo
1/8 cup rice vinegar
1/8 cup sugar
salt + pepper pepper pepper
When the notification of this video popped up, I knew the rest of my day was going to be cool. Thanks YSAC ! I now know how to make bangin non-ewy coleslaw !
Don’t bang my coleslaw
"Lime"




we all know that wasn't lime juice with that trajectory and angle he missed at.
How dare YouTube not give me notifications when you post
acoustically tenderize the cabbage is my new favorite phrase.
finally wtf upload more 
PLS
cool the ysac video of the quarter! can’t wait for another one in 2 months
I love me some 😍 slaw and kimchee! Thanks for the recipes!
Welp.
RIP Our FRIENDSHIP 
1937-2019
“It May have been made with something that rhythms with spherical blip”

Who makes coleslaw with miracle whip
Love you please have my babies.


I'm a dude, but we will work something out. 
i'm also straight, so ... idk mate
4:33 Pimpblockto IS.. IS THAT YOU?? 😭😭
Hmmm
What is gramma- I mean--

I think my mind just blew itself up
 - What is this witchcraft I've missed out my whole life? 🤔
Omgggg thank you it looks so good
Me: I hate colesl-
0:14
Me: I lOvE ColESlaW
I’m surprised that you didn’t say want jangle 100 times like usual.
I’ve had a traumatic coleslaw experience: I was at some restaurant and my steak had a little bit of coleslaw on top. Except whoever made it made it to look exactly like mashed potatoes, so when I took a bite expecting some warm buttery potato, I was instead greeted with a cold, slimy substance.
Ooh, you're making cabbage spaghetti? I love cabbage spaghetti.
I found out I'm not living my best life today from my favourite cooking channel
0:30 I think you meant pepper pepper pepper corns...but It's OK I like you and I'll let this one slide but don't let this happen again.... Or else...
I LOVE THIS CHANNEL, WE SHOULD COLLABORATE AND COOK STUFF!
Putting his glass on the cutting board gave me anxiety
I had a bad experience with KFC coleslaw when I was roughly 8 or 9. Thinking of it made me nauseous. Didn't touch it for almost 20 years. Gradually warmed up to it after having some in a pulled pork sandwich.
Bro, you are like a "Lite" version of HowToBasic.
Unlike a Jackson Pollock, your slaw is a work of art! (Waits for the post-modernist onslaught) I sprinkled this video liberally over my social media 😆
Tip: You can make it vegan by only using vegan ingredients
As somebody who hates coleslaw I felt attacked while watching this video.
No wonder I'm not enjoying life enough...

I haven't eaten coleslaw....
Less than one minute in and I'm already subbed. LOL Great job.
I was waiting for this video!!  I LOVE COLESLAW
finally. it's the coleslaw recipe i deserve and none of the overly mushy, way to sauced wannabe recipes that keep making it to my 4th of july cookouts every year
I get this weird kind of excitement when YSAC uplaods
You should hook up with pretty good cooking. Your both hilarious
Totally hilarious!  Love it! Keep-up the good work!
That KALE YOUR NOT A VEGETABLE! Cracked me up a bit xd
This channel is a misunderstood masterpiece. Love the content and the effort you put into it 😄
I drop my wangjangler whenever a new video comes out
I saw that this was posted 10 hours ago and then realized I didn’t have notifications on. So I reacted accordingly and gave myself 50 lashings
From this day forth, it shall always be known as a agave juice.
Welcome to the Eric Andre of cooking shows. Without the guests. This content is pure genius.
Ayo my dude!! Could it be possible if you uploaded weekly????
Coleslaw hater here... Might give it another chance now that I've watched this video.
Hi Mr. Fun. I’m a student that leaves you alone lol. You channel is funny and your a great gingerbread man. 😁🦕
2:09 also know as me
That motorcycle scene was amazing
coleslaw is the thing i put on my plate when theres bbq to pretend im healthy but never end up touching
You've switched from "that's absurd" to "I'm... learning how to cook? I thought only Alton Brown was allowed to be an amusing cooking show!'
You made me a coleslaw fan. I now only eat coleslaw. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Can you please make a vid on making Scottish haggis love ur vidz
I think this is "Sam O'Nella Academy" 's second channel.

tell me if im wrong. but i swear
ah kool sla the best thing the dutch brought to america.
maybe even the only good thing.
lets forget about the slaves and capitalism.
slaw is delicious and i thank you for this blessing
I missed these vids, beautiful just beautiful.
Ight fine you convinced me. those seem bangin and ima coleslaw hater skater
That’s where my coleslaws always fall short. I never remember to acoustically tenderize the cabbage. Thanks for the helpful reminder!
-Have you heard of Murphy's Law
-Yes, anything can go wrong will go wrong
-What's about Cole's law?
-No
-It's a thin-slice cabbage dripped in mayonnaise and sour cream
1:07 Coleslaw Peace Camp
Join now and have peace with coleslaw..
Hey, so i just wanted to say that you are doing a great job on your channel and i just love the creativity and effort in form of sarcasm and the endcut for example. That just shows a chilled dude who has found his passion in cooking and making music and spread it. Keep on!
Bigfoot is real and it banged my coleslaw
So you're telling me all my problems will be solved if I start liking coleslaw???
Why didn't I know about this before?!?!?!
Why do you still sound like Stewie from family guy
Seriously thought you were going to bang out some YYZ on the bowl(s).
how do you keep pulling off such amazing videos? You rock.
3:48 that lime juice makes me uncomfortable
You need a new bead of 100% Waterproof Silicone around your tub
Oh, so agave juice is your way of saying tequila?




...I prefer barreledd wheat liquid.
The Virgin Lettuce vs. The Chad Cabbage
Wait...The one on the right at :56 looks like KFC. I love KFC coleslaw! Wish I could recreate it.
"If you can't handle me at my coleslaw, you don't deserve me at my steak sandwich"
cabbage is NOT Flaccid! That Lime looked Suspicious
ugh this makes me crave kfc’s coleslaw🤤 (okay judge me, but when i add a little bit more mayo in that, it becomes bomb)
that cabbage is stronger than Theresa May's government
Love this channel. I make sure to wang-jangle  everything now
"The Best Ysac YouTube out there"
Oh I love Nasty Wet Cabbage Spaghetti 😍
Yaaay amazing video as alway! Glad you are back
;-; I love this channel
I hate everything; food edition
THE WAY HE MISSED IT DJSJNF 3:46
Coleslaw gives me the shits. 
It is my second-favorite side dish.
When will you drop your first album?
Protip: never get coleslaw from KFC.
He is getting really good at chopping
2:43 anyone else catch that he had to edit in the second and third Pepper? 
Wait it happened more than once what
Damn. It's coleslaw for dinner tonight!
Wait... did you just change the title because of my Instagram comment?
this embodies my feelings about coleslaw, thank you ysac
I was just singing your intro idk why 😂 and then i received a notification of the upload 🙄😂
Last time I watched you on Christmas of 2017 and now you have 1.5 mil?
Guy, lately, your video beginnings have really been sounding like How It's Made intros. I wonder if it's purposeful
My jaws dropped when he said Greek yogurt. How have I never thought of that before
Some BANGING coleslaws
I love your voice, and your brain. New here. Loved this. 💖
Love the cabbage chaps. Those are for vegan bikers. Lol
woah woah woah wait


1:40 is that a...
FOOT LETTUCE
Excuse me while I grab my sleek cabbage-leather pants and go for a ride on my motorcycle into the sunset.
I may have wiped a tear from my eye from laughing so much.
Did you know Iceberg Lettuce is 95% water
Super Bowl Sunday just became super bowl funday with this
alcohol + taxes = courage
JAJAJAJAJA this calzones, this guy it's incorregible
Step 1: go to Popeyes 
Step 2: order coleslaw
he forgot the triple P but fixed it in post, now THAT is dedication
By far my favorite channel on YouTube.
This didn't show up in my subscriptions! 😣😢
This is a blessed day edit: omg never had more than 7 likes thx
I'm heavily judging you for drinking bud
What about the Scandinavians? (They warm they're coleslaw)
I am living my life to the fullest...love coleslaw
"agave juice" my new favorite term for tequila.
Vegetable review 👏👏
I will never look at red cabbage the same again.
3:48 The lime juice addition omg😳😂😂
This guy is weird but I love him 😍😂😂
Yesssss I haven't  clicked faster before
I just saw this on my Home page and when I checked my subs for it going "how the hell did I miss this?!" it wasn't there...or on your channel page...it was only by hitting Back that I was able to find it. 

THE HELL, YOUTUBE.
im gonna wait patiently in til episode 666 is reached
Jackson Pollock is the guy. And 3:48 Ha ha ha. But seriously, bangin' coleslaw recipes.
What if you can’t digest cabbage UwU
CABAGE=worlds most underated vegetable LONG LIVE CABAGE
is therea n audiobook on NordVPN I can sell?
“Coleslaw love is self love”=new bumper sticker 👍🏼
This is the first time since the last day of 2018, Dec. 31th, 2018, since i seen one of ur videos😔😔
At work we make coleslaw and I will definitely nonchalantly incorporate these techniques
Kale! Kale! You're not special KALE!
Bring back bunblockto
I love the fact that you sewed your cabbage shoes!
Is that pimblokto @ 3:12? Wasn't he banned from the house? 
New year, new rules?
Jackson Pollock slaw is ideal. But, in the South, the overly-sweet, overly-dressed slaw at 0:40 is the norm. However, it's usually made with Duke's Mayo, not that Spherical Blip crap. 😝
Omg, i just discovered this channel today thru a friend ...... instant like+sub. I love the dry humour, haha. 

Banging commentary for banging coleslaws, i think i have a crush now <3
#2 coulpret is atccual my favorite
excuse me, where tf is pinblockdo now
Alcohol. Taxes. COURAGE!
A YSAC episode on my birthday? Nice.
Can I sub in this coleslaw video for additional fries videos?
No?
How about a Cesar salad video?
Still no?
 Does anybody want my coleslaw video?
That is some bangin' cole slaw.
That moment when you realise what good coleslaw is, and realise you've been lied to your entire life. Now I can no longer hate coleslaw.
Pepper pepper pepper 💛
This was great information as a new suck cook I needed to learn😂 thank-you
Cabbage bath slippers....oh god....HARD CRINGE!
Why do you upload every like month, just curious?
I've never liked Coleslaw, but thess bangin' Coleslaws look amazing! I'ma have to try these recimapies
“Bang on the side of your slaw vessel to acoustically tenderize the cabbage”
I'm always reminded that this channel is actually a cooking channel with every new upload.
Ive only had crappy non-slaw from gas station diners. Also I cant cook
no super sick cabbage de-integrating moves? :(
I have a feeling like Pimblokto and a dude in leather pants are the same person
love you babe
4:43 LOL! No words, just laughter :))))))
I actually like that first cole slaw with the blended cabbage and mayo and relish... BUt I hate the second one! And love the other kinds so does that count???
i don't care for coleslaw(mayo makes me nauseous) but i am more than willing to try no.2, it actually sounds pretty good ^^

btw, now that you've tried bangin' slaw how about bangin' borsch? if anyone could convert the anti-beetists it's you X''D
Behold the Alpha Cabbage vs the Virgin Lettuce
I lost hope reading the comment sections.

Coleslaws are da best. You haters are evil.
Say no more brother. Coleslaw has never stopped being a total panty dropper here in the south since 1776. Except for of course during any Winter holiday gathering.🇺🇸
I always hated coleslaw, but now I'm willing to give it a try.  Thanks, YSAC!
Now thats a raw slaw that needs a knaw.
I love coleslaw...genuinely. When  my friends giveaway their KFC's coleslaw...i willingly open my mouth.
Then i guess I'm severely misguided, unevolved, and not your friend.
Absolute B A N G E R of a coleslaw
that was such a professional thumbnail I almost didn't click on the video
i haven't watched it yet but it's probably good so i'll like it

edit: i was right
I just discovered your channel, and I need to ask, you sound like Sam O'nella. Is that a coincidence?
You have no idea how fast I clicked.
I wanna eat a coleslaw from the cabbage dude from legend of aang
Spherical blip.. Spherical blip...

oh no
Your eyes are 20/20, total edible Jackson Pollock.
KFC coleslaw is best coleslaw. Fight me
Clean your damn tub, dude. Gross.
The reason so many people don't like cabbage is because cabbage is only 11 letters off from DISAPPOINTING
Was that one of pinblockto's legs!?!?!?!
F E E T  R E V E A L
I am here for the rabid coleslaw positivity of this video.
I love your vids man!
Wouldn’t it be amazing if he won Masterchef?
You deserve way more subscribers
A little PPP a wangjangle and bam I'm back baby!!!
I want to have the time/money to be able to make the stuff you make just because I love these videos so much. XD
I'm confident in my guess that YSAC is a real life Canadian chef...
Everytime I use pepper now I say it three times. Its contagious.
"Epper Epper Epper"
1:40
BURGER KING FOOT LETUCE
OMG the lettuce shoes was unexpected but really funny.
I'd eat coleslaw if you made it, and you made the best version of it. I've had some BCE and now have RCT. Don't judge me for not liking the coleslaw!!
I have never had a good coleslaw before. Not sure if coleslaw is just bad or I really HAVE missed all the good coleslaw.
Its like Casually Explained and HowToBasic had a child (NO HOMO) and started cooking :)
The perfect cooking doesn’t exis-
He attac
He protec
But most importantly 



He Succ
This is a good recipe...but I still will avoid coleslaw with a 10 foot pole. It's not that I hate it coleslaw it's that I hate cabbage. If you can make leather pants out of it, it shouldn't be ingested IMO.
Coleslaw sucks and you will not change my mind.
It might be helpful for you to know that this video didn’t show up in my sub box whatsoever.
what I want to know is why you have a very small motorcycle
I hate coleslaw.... because I hate myself. I need to see a therapist.
That apple coleslaw sounds really good, I'll have to try that
yesssssssss I got so excited seeing this!
Coleslaw best waifu 10/10
Omg.. A channel I can actually relate to :0
It's 12:16 in the midnight. I have something to do by 6 AM. But here I am, watching YSAC. I HAVE NO REGRETS.
RED HANDS! Are you embarrassed now?
These vids are just amazing
This is almost as good as Emily’s peanut butter soup recipe. Almost.
Never click so fast in my life
It took me a full minute to realize agave juice = tequila 😅
Jokes on you, I don’t need to be hating coleslaw to be not living my best life
Anyone else get scared by his cutting, like HOW  DO YOU CUT SO FAST
WTF was that green stuff you put on the chicken?!
Don't spin your cabbage, that only makes it dizzy and you should have more respect for your cabbage.
So glad you're back to posting more. regularly. Your channel's awesome in its own way.
Yay :>• man I luv tis sed :>°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°.
As a RCT Sufferer I can confirm
50/50 on coleslaw
LIFE ONLY EXISTS WHEN YSAC UPLOADS A VIDEO



I'm fine
Welcome back to everyone’s favorite asmrist
I thought I was the only one who used apple in my apostrophe straw! Although I use raisins instead of cranberries.
Here I'm binge watching your old episodes and stalking your Twitter and boom you upload
I really think that gmm should host this guy :>
first to do bangin coleslaw, then to bang ur mum
Its like regular car review of cooking
Number 1 (Lavender Mist) - Jackson Pollock to be exact.
FOICE REVELLE
So just to clarify... you don’t need to cook this stuff?
College approved.
EARLY SQUAD WHERE YA AT? 

YEET
Goes great with JuIcY cHiCkEn
This is the third time that I watch this video and i still don't get it WHAT RHYMES WITH SPERICAL BLIP I DON'T UNDERSTAND
YEAH! COLESLAW!
I'm sick and watching your videos keeps my spirits up
When are you dropping your album
3:12 I see what you did there 😂🤯
he forgot to say “pepper pepper pepper” everytime you can tell he only said “pepper” one time each so he edited 2 more “pepper”s in😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
i was eating cabbage for my entire life but i thought it was lettuce
i just bought the green thing at the store i didn't know there was a difference
YSAC uploaded, today’s a good day
Good thing I have you on notifications because your video doesn't show up on my subscription page.
Our school sometimes has coleslaw but its basically soup
poor kale,it will never be special
Do you just have that thing hanging all the time at 1:12 or did you make it just for this episode?
You sure that was ""lime?""
I love your response to kale.  That seems like the appropriate thing to do when confronted with kale.
I must REALY REALY hate coleslaw then
my man sewed cabbage together to create art @ 4:46
"You're not special" memories of my childhood
That motorcycle part got me lmao
You keep drinking the tequila ill take the wine
I feel like he would get along with Sam o Nella
2:43
nice save.
1:14 Wait, Gift is a German word 🤔
I think Hello Fresh is a gateway habit to actually cooking your own food.
I literally watch these videos with no intent on cooking.
I never thought I would ever see a coleslaw that looked good. You are a wizard
Cole's laws
Those bowling pins are Budweiser YOU ARE NOT MY FRIEND
Wait are we just gonna forget what happened last episode?😂
Does anyone actually watch this for the recipes
Not anywhere near warm you say.... hmm.... does anyone have a volcano I could serve the 1st coleslaw in?
J cole's full name is Jermaine Coleslaw, we're supported by the stars cabbage bois
Finally another bangin’ video! Now I have an excuse to bust out the wangjangler, crank up the onion, and put the scraps in a special place... forever
I'm allergic to cabbage... I feel brutally attacked by this video, sir!
this video wasen't sent to my subscription feed/box.
Dude you're selling out, getting all good at making good-tasting food.
You're my hero, savings me from depression. And ya, for the recipes too...
When are the laptop stickers of "Coleslaw Love is Self Love" coming out?
4:33 BIMBLOCKTO?!
Almost expected to start hearing the George Lopez theme song at 4:17
OMG YOU'RE ALIVE
Kale is just Los Angeles lettuce.
Poor kale😂 I actually like kale
I wish I could use hello fresh with you it I already have it
Well I guess we can't be friends cuz i hate cabbage 😂
lol this man really made a whole dreamboard for coleslaw for this video
Pimblokto?! 4:32
LET KATIE/ KATY DO A VIDEO!!!
(From Mac and cheese episode)
Can I use ur music in vids they really good
In cold harsh winter, cabbage is love, Comrades.
Did you... not say "pepper pepper pepper" while recording this and then had to edit it after? xD
I thought you died. Welcome back!
Happy Australia Day, Ex Australian
I relate so much to a green cabbage that it’s almost scary
9 view 45 thumbs up.. gg
I have to give you credit, I've never actively wanted to eat a coleslaw before, all 3 of these look great.
At 2M do a face reveal!
What am I doing with my life when I am actually following the recipe and making myself some bangin' coleslaws?
i like that this was actually good advice as far as making food is concerned
Kale is still in the corner 😂😂😂
Is it me, or he sounds a lot like "casually explained" ??
I don't like coleslaw because I feel like cabbage is one of those things that just aren't meant to be eaten raw lmao
Does anything rhyme with spherical blip?
I love you so much and your videos ig
Finally here b4 100k
Thank You! The horror of the first two coleslaws is spot on. The dishes you made are excellent. Coleslaw is meant to be crunchy and not soggy! Keep the videos coming
0:44 hopefully it doesn't have hysterical salsa dip
Subscribed!!!
This anime keeps getting better
You’re brilliant.
I made your first recipe the “standard coleslaw” but instead of the Chinese cabbage i used green and purple cabbage and carrots, came out amazing
i watch these videos to escape life.
So I'm guessing your into bears, based on your fridge words ;)
You're a gift to this world.
Only channel that's so good I watch the ad at the end as well
This wasn’t even in my feed so i almost missed yet
The way you adding lime juice in the cup it's like you peeing in it 😂
3:08
Chopping at Light speed
Coleslaw? More like...



Bad.
You should do a video on bagels. I would die for that.
Pepper pepper pepper! 
😄
is this a real cooking channel
3:11 me on lsd :D
Finally, a cook that makes sense.
I feel like Garrett Watts would love this channel
"the good stuff" looks like the inside of a prokaryotic cell
Haven't watched yet but still the best video on YouTube
I was literally eating coleslaw when I saw this video in my sub feed... It was meant to be!
I might be asking a lot, but can you maybe put the ingredients for each recipe please
I though coleslaw was soup
I don't know if I'm gaining or losing brain cells when I'm watching your videos
Normally I would be mad at the amount of videos you put out, however every videos fabulous so here's to you cheers and thanks for the great content
i love
pepper
PEPPER
P E P P E R
We've loved you for so long and yet we still do not know your name
I have a funny feeling that you look like Novak Djokovic
Godamnit you’re right I’m not living my best life
If you use that as a dipping sauce for chicken nugget it tastes really amazing
I love good slaw not mush SLAW
Perfect!!!
“Spherical Blip” hm. i like it.
"Agave Juice" LMAO
Good morning Mr. YSAC!! Thank you for the video!! I'm so happy we have a positive video on coleslaw!!
Niggas really out here eating coleslaw
I have my notifications turned on for this channel, (actually the only channel I have it turned on for). But for some reason it doesn’t show up in my  recommended, strangely, a video about tick tick fortnite shows up, but wholesome content doesn’t 😕
hahahaha- saw you in the post.  grab a grippy shelf liner or a towel to put under your cutting board.  Want to make sure you keep your acoustic fingers!
The God has came back
Never clicked on a video so fast before
Join my clan and we can defeat ramen head I mean Tofus brother
I added u on Insta can you plz answer
I feel attacked...




I don't like coleslaw
3:13 Pimblockto? Is that you?!?
HES BACK
We want pimblockto back.
Oh pepper pepper
insert it has been 84 years meme
It's time to use my hello fresh code card thing.
Edit: turns out my father threw it away because he thought it was worthless. It's times like these i wish he would stop throwing my stuff away without asking first. I WILL NEVER FORGIVE YOU FOR THROWING AWAY MY MCDONALD'S TOYS DAD.
3:15 THANOS CABBAGES
You made me want coleslaw... a crave i never thought i would have
4:47
damn
that’s hella fresh
it's good to see you back!
Omg plz make more vids
Knack 2 game of the year BAYBBEEEE
Did one else think he said 4:48
 hell a fresh
im a coleslaw hater.
fight me.
I was waiting for you to fix the title
Im not gonna lie, those leather pants look good
I hate myself, but I love coleslaw
I really wanna make a good comment so ysac replies at me but I just can't figure out one
Good deal Mel..coleslaw with out the fattening ton of mayo. I like the apple cran plan.
We like dogs or eggs tho. Can u romp with that big terrier some more please?  Thay guy is a blast.
Do you know anywhere I can find some of that high shelf purple stuff? 👀
A coleslaw for every personality,  if there were only three personalities.
I think your bath needs to be caulked again
I always felt that cabbage and mayoaise needed sugar, but I am against sugar, I dont buy sugar, and I shoot sugar eating people immediatly. Thats why I buy my coleslaw from the store.
Cole slaw is good, but its just too sweet.
Cole's Law should always be followed or you get jailed in the Mess Hall
I miss pimblockto.....
I'm pretty baked, so that red cabbage looked awesome and paired with that voice over. Lovely.
What does the 80 mean in YSAC80? it's your 84th episode, not your 80th one...
The fact he was wearing cabbage slippers in the bath made my day
MIRACLE WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
I have no idea what you suck is. I figured it was stale memes and staler recipes.
What happened to your cutco? They handle cabbages great
Number 15: 1:40
You should do a taco recipe
I have RCT (Residual Coleslaw Trauma). Maybe one day I will be brave enough to try good cole slaw.
Im allergic to 75% of theese
ur mom is a nice person C:
This channel is good u get the recipe and its fun to watch :)
I feel like I'm watching a Vat 19 video for some reason
make your own hello fresh. Take the channel to the next level
I keep watching this videos to get inspired and cook new things, but then I remember that I have to clean everything later.
1:23 thats the most emotion i've heard from him. And its amazing
You don't suck at cooking yea you totally don't
every time i see the word 'ysac' I hear yaisack in my head instead of whysack
raising cane’s coleslaw is the best
The God is back
Yay, your robot didn’t kill you after all! Also, kale: still not special.
Oh yeah yeah, banging video, see you next month.
This script is like a hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy, but more...small budget
This’ll probably get me liking coleslaw
we need a face reveal
The song reminds me of the yellow  drumming robot from the beginning age of Youtube
I guess egg story moved on to bigger and better things like breaking records.
Bangin Asian coleslaw dressing: mayo, seasoned rice vinegar, sesame oil, pepper
You forget to say pepper,pepper,pepper so you edited it in I am very disappointed
You can really tell that the quality of the videos has increased a significant amount
To me its cold and the texture but it taste pretty good
Man I LOVE your vids they make me smile even when I'm having a bad day thank u ysac🤗
Coleslaw to unite mother Russia!
Based on the abundance of talent and silky smooth voice sometimes I wonder if this is CGP Grey's brother :)
gasps MYYYY !! --
I’ve never had that shitty kind of coleslaw in my life
He posted
i think we should be friends irl
That is a gorgeous green cabbage.
These videos are funny, even though I exclusively eat microwaved breakfasts.
So weird I don't see this on your channel uploads
You should do French toast
best cooking show on youtube
Those look really good
Will try some tommorow
Face reveal at 1.6 mil?
Make a pizzaco
No wonder I had so much intense self hate. I needed this video to open my eyes.
Best channel everrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Master where have you been?!
WE MISSED YOUUUU
Plz bring back the weird vegetable slicing thx love you ysac xoxo
So wait, what's this channel about?
Fun fact: Nappa cabbage is actually called Wong Bok in Asian countries
The first video of 2019! W0W!
Will you finish please, I need to see what happens to Dennis. It’s putting me on the edge of my seat. YSAC PLEASE!!!
Why did you put kale in the corner...nobody puts kale in the corner
Man I could eat a whole cabbagge raw, just biting into it.
You make my heart race
you dont need to convince me I'm german I know god kraut when I see it.
I only like KFC coleslaw.
The hubby had a nasty case of RCT when we first got together. But I kicked his RCT in the ass with a nice homemade jalapeno lime coleslaw. You know it's good when it's half gone before you even serve it for dinner.
weird. i was looking for this video and it's not on your page.
The idea of coleslaw used to disturb me until now
This is amazing.
Mirical whips ryhmes with sphereical blip
You can't post edit "pepper pepper pepper." That's cheating!
Love ur videos but wish they came out sooner
1:12 your moodboard is my new life motto
Damn you really out here making me wanna have good coleslaw
mayo = no deal... no mayo.. i'll try it.
"YSAC, coleslaw is evil!"
"From my point of view, the haters are evil"
"Well then you are lost!"
Excuse me, but you forgot to ask for consent before banging your cabbage.
RETURN OF THE KALE!!!
Damn it sucks I'm still gunna throw it away😔
1:40 Foot Lett- ...um I mean Cabbage
Also this is the best series on YouTube don't @ me
i actually made my first coleslaw today in an attempt to make myself eat veggies. 
i used raddichio, carrots, and apple slices with your basic coleslaw dressing of mayo (or miracle whip like the pleb i am) sugar vinegar and lemon juice. 
put some walnuts on top and some clover sprouts.

it turned out /really/ good.
Coleslaw I like to call it Cool-slaw.
That second one looks amazeballz!! 😍😍
best channel ever
This was beautiful. I feel uplifted.
where's pimblokto
Coleslaw hack: If you don't want to stain your dressing purple, soak the cut up red cabbage in water,drain, soak,drain.
Colseslaw is wonderful on a burger!
idk what coleslaw even is i just get double toast instead at raising cane's.
That’s some good nasty wet cabbage that nobody wanta
Sometimes you should do a blooper of you takeing just a little bite of the food you make lol
2:02 you made the cabbage dizzy
Finally an upload!!!
YOU'RE NOT SPECIAL
The recipes in written form

Bangin Coleslaw 1

Ingredients:
Green cabbage (around four cups)
Knapeye Cabbage (around three cups)
1/2 cup mayo
1tbsp. Lime
Pepper (however much you want)
Pinch of salt


Steps;
1. Thinly slice your cabbage
2. Add mayo, lime, pepper, and salt into a separate dish. Mix together.
3. Pour sauce into cabbage and mix together (serve cold)

———————————

Bangin Coleslaw #2

Ingredients
2 cups carrot shavings
‘A couple cups’ of green cabbage
‘A couple cups’ of purple cabbage
1/3 cup olive oil
1/3 cup Apple cider vinegar
1/3 cup of Dijon mustard
Salt
Pepper

Steps
1. Slice cabbage and add carrots to bowl
2. Mix olive oil, vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper together
3. Add sauce and mix

——————————

Bangin Coleslaw #3 (sauce already doubled)

Ingredients
1 cup Greek yogurt
2 tbsp lime
2 tsp honey
Salt
6 cups of assorted cabbage
1 1/2 green apples
1/3 cup dried cranberries 

Steps
1. Slice cabbage and mix together
2. Slice apples thinly and mix into cabbage
3. Add cranberries to mix
4. In a separate bowl, add yogurt, lime, honey, and salt into bowl and mix
5. Add sauce to ‘slaw and mix. Serve cold.
add raisins for extra flavor.
I LOVE COLESLAW
Coleslaw > macaroni salad
No celery seed?!?!?!?! Blaspheme!
Hey
If only








Anyone enjoyed coleslaw
Oh yeah yeah
What if you only have pepper pepper?
Burger King foot Cabbage
So is this saying that I suck at cooking so that's why he's teaching us or is it saying he sucks at cooking because he does it differently.
The purple cabbage part made me giggle
Ur hilarious m8
i used to think i didnt like coleslaw but that was cause i had only had that shitty premade stuff from coles
Youre doing the lords work
Anytime YSAC posts a new video I literally pee my pants in excitement.
4:33 Was that Pimblokto?!
Pepper
Pepper
Pepper
Virgin Lettuce vs Chad Cabbage
OK uhh he said America's #1 meal kit leading me to think he's from like some really far up north eastern state bordering Canada and lives in a house in the middle of the woods
He just gets better each vid
Agave juice also known a Tequila, if fermented.
Upload more please
First
Has anyone ever made the recipe he explained
I know another sweet tart intersection
Love this guy
And it was amazing😫😫😫😂😂😂
0/10 not enough pimblokto
n i c e  s l a w  b r u t h e r
Warm coleslaw is the devil’s favorite food
YAY YOU'RE BACK!!!
I'm sorry we can't be friends :c
This episode didnt make me feel welcome since I dont like coleslaw
4:33 Remind me of .... :(
Dude u need to do something about your bathroom. Its moldy af
i love lettuces and cabbages
Face reveal at 2m?
Oh Yeah Yeah
The inside of the purple thing looks like a monster's guts
This feels like a MLB
i reckon this guy would be really cool to have around when you are tripping
yes more videos
Oh yeah yeah
The pepper is strong in this one!
This is the best channel on YouTube. OMG.  I heart you.
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm cole slaw
Hello Fresh should have you make menu items for them.  then demo them..
Is it really u dad?
After u left me u came... back


Praise the lord
Upload more
Ok, now I see why this took like a month to produce
Exhibit #1 looks like guacamole
Does anyone actually follow the receipts.
You need to clean ur bathtub
Um... am I the only one who saw how he poured the lemon? 😂
Those leather pants tho 👌
Pepper pepper pepper
I own the same hairbrush as ysac. I am pleased by this information
Dude, clean and recauk your bath
idk about you but i dont bang my coleslaws
You live in California
Upload more
3:46 peeing when u wake up
I lost it with the lettuce feet in the bath 😂
I've had BCE and RCT
Sellout!!! Just kidding. Your one of my favorite youtubers. You should put more ads on your vids. You should make an entire video an ad. You also probably shouldnt listen to me cuz I got no clue what in talking about.
after a few hours marathon of your channel, i still don't know wether you are a content creator, a musician or a chef
I LOVE MIRACLE WHIP!
Oh yeah yeah join the army
What happened to your cat?
rip  in the chat for pimplopto, mr robot ;-;
I would never, ever put lime in cole slaw, because it'll make it go bad even faster than it does otherwise, which is already within, like, a day.
Well I guess we’re not friends.
Took you long enough
As quoted from "*Charlie* and the chocolate factory." "Nothing is better than cabbage than cabbage"
10 hours late anyone else
It’s been along time
Anyone else to depressed that pinbloctoe wasn't in the video
Oh yeah yeah
KALE not special
oof reupload
It’s like a cooking YTP
ATE YOU SALMONELLA
ɥɐǝʎ ɥɐǝʎ ɥo
I’ve missed you
Slaw on a hog
good coleslaw is so nice with steak cut chips
you grout nastyy
Now I want to try this.
Oh yeah yeah
Good thing I don't love myself
You should make chili
I love you
I came here after watching your collab with casually explained...and i subscribed after watching 2 videos...
So glad to discover 2 amzing channels in the span of 3 days
1:23 went a little HowToBasic there...
Yooooo he’s back
you made a god damn COLESLAW VISION BOARD!  I always appreciate the amount of effort you put into these videos, going above and beyond for the sake of entertainment. The dedication has not gone unnoticed by me, thank you so much.
I don't like coleslaw because.....................
I'm allergic to cabbage
It's 2am and I now want coleslaw
I genuinely lol’d.
My favourite coleslaw dressing is kind of a combo between #1 and #2. Mayo, yellow mustard, white vinegar, pepper pepper pepper, and cabbage! So fucking gooood
oh yeah yeah
bUt i DoNt LiKe cAbBaGe
oh yeah yeah
coleslaw is best salad behind caprese salad, egg salad, and caesar salad
Where can I purchase the chokers featured in this video?
Im in the litty commiti oh yeah yeah
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO YSAC BANGERS AND MASH!!!!!
3:28 That is what happends when you forget to say pepper 3 times.
m i r a c l e w h i p
Woah I thought you were vegetarian
Wonder what this guy’s name is 🤔
I wonder who you are. You are a person who makes me happy , I dont know who you are but its fine thank you.








Don't bully kale
i missed you
You finally got out of the hospital eh?
Thanks for saving my life and my mother's food honor at the family table. No more soggy coleslaw, no more therapy sesions. "You suck at cooking" mantra has changed my day to day by admiting that sometimes you deserve better.
So what rhymes whit spherical blip?
I see what you did at 3:48, working with that tart intersection ;)
Who the hell takes a bath with their cabbage shoes on???
What rhymes with spherical blip? 0:45
Uh, I think that the title you made is for something else. are you ok?
Ohhh a new vid! Noice!
It's called I don't want it get it out of my face!
BANGIN!
Wtf is this 😂 I almost didn’t watch this because I was like “hmm I dont know about coleslaw” but now I need to make some coleslaw to go with the pulled pork I’m cooking up rn. This is great. I love this.
Is that why why zed at the end?
Do a face reveal
This guy is... bill wurtz,how to basic and daily dose of internet all in one!
Man I have missed this channel OMG HE STILL USES WANG JANGEL im crying he makes wierd names for everything still!
10th person!
My new life goal is to be a cabbage bowling ball with nothing to lose.
letd get this channel to 10 million subs!
I just bought 16 mason jars 2 days ago to turn cabbage into sour kraut... but i suppose I can just forego the jars and turn my cabbage into this instead.
Ur not special kale!!!
Ur not special kale!!!
How to Basic free version
For me, the best salad dressing is just lemon, salt, black pepper, garlic and onions. For anything. For everything. To drink pure. To trick vampires into getting bad breath. Hmmmm
Well I do have a lot wrong with me so that makes sense
c a b b e g
the coleslaw at the bar next to my house is bomb af
That poor kale 😔😔😔
Ouch. That intro though.
I love it and after 1 hour you can rip the most nasty farts
1:31 them waves 🌊
even bad coleslaw is still not bad but if you want to be really woke, consume sauerkraut in large quantities
I love you
Cold Coleslaw is best Slaw
Oh yeah yeah
Coleslaw haters roll out
2:42 WHAT kind of mayo is THAT
I have always loved and eaten the kfc coleslaw
Coleslaw makes my ears itch am I allowed to hate it now?
Oh yeah yeah
Oh yeah yeah
Oh yeah yeah
Oh yeah yeah
1:40 "#15, ...Foot Lettuce..."
put a wet tablecloth or napkin under your cutting board you plebeian to prevent your cabbage from moving it around due to it's convolutions when being cut
after watching the whole video, i feel as if we can be friends again.
Gordon Ramsey approved
I love that dude
is this channel a cult?
I always get hungry watching this...
Too spicy for me
My last name is holtsclaw so I'm part colesclaw
I love u I hope u know that
This channel is so weird, but I love it so much!!!!!!!!!!!
I too love tequila, I mean Agave Juice. 

Also Chinese cabbage is also called Wombok.
Yay you're back
I love this
................................raisins
Ugh. I HATE sphericalblip.
I love you
now I want some of that good cole slaw
I love you
😍😍😍😍
Kale shaming.
Yep. Gonna start to eat that.
Are you RCham?
Moš li napravit sarmu sa salatom??? E PA NEMOŠ!!!
NOT MY CABBAGES!
I have Post Traumatic Coleslaw Trauma
Baby got sponsored ❤️
My brothers name is Kale..




Kale you're not special.
This is what insanity looks like.
Red cabbage is life
5:11 he says underwear in spanish
I want him to whisper sweet nothing's to me at night. 😏
Yassss new vid
Of cabbages and kings
I’ve missed ysac saying pepper pepper pepper
YSAC80
So! Were you smoking sativa marijuana when you made this video?
I watched this at school.
9 minute hello fresh ad smh
Stop coleslaw abuse.
can you do a video on how to make food for college students who only have a microwave and toaster pls im tired of eating toast and mac n cheese
3:16 holy crap that got me to fell weird
It's been 84 years
Your back
Thanks calzone boy
Pepper pepper pepper do I smell another collab with babish?
Oh yea yea oh yea yea yea yea
Apparently you've not done a lasagne video yet. What's that all about huh?
slaw needs onion!
Theres a diner I go to every week and all the food is amazing EXCEPT the cole slaw. Its a runny mess, the lettuce is soaked, and they dont even keep it cool
I don't like Cole slaw cuz I don't like cabbage
Where are the end credits with dogs? T___T just me missing them?
Im still waiting for the continuation of the egg saga.
I NEED IT!
KALE YOUR NOT SPECIAL
Dream Bears
oh you’re back
I don't like coleslaw >:(
So we're still dissing Kale? Gotcha.
Ive never tryed it
I have bce from rct
Looks bangin'.
Damn you didn't have to kale like that the floor is too good for kale
I am going to make banging coleslaw number 3 for my sad grandma
Love this
Come slaws trash
Is this Banksy?
I only like the coleslaw in kfc (or the white cabbage one)
Miracle whip?
i’m so glad you like coleslaw
WANG .....◇.......JANGLE! !¡¡¡
Coleslaw is awesome
1:58 "lettuce" shaped leaves leaves look like spinach
Bbq foot cabbage
Coleslaw is the ice-cream of the vegetable world.
Do pizza next
Positive Feedback!
Are you going to make more videos more
How do you still have all your fingers?
I hate coleslaw, but this looks pretty good.
But.... YSAC Guy..... i'm allergic to carrots D:
🥵
When I was little I ate cabbage by itself. This habit hasn't stopped cabbage is good.
If  you grate and pat dry Daikon Radish, it serves as an excellent slaw component or base.  I make a daikon radish slaw with shredded carrots and a dressing made with mayo, rice vinegar, msg, cayenne, garlic, Hungarian sweet red paprika, black pepper pepper pepper, white wine mustard, and salt.  Then, after it's all tossed, sprinkle finely chopped fresh chives on top.
The other slaw I like to make involves a base of super-finely-chopped red onion alongside grated beets that have been patted dry.  The dressing for this one should be cooked then allowed to cool the day before making the slaw.  In a small saucepan mix a shot of scotch whiskey, a tablespoon of sunflower or peanut oil, an ounce of cider vinegar, 1/2 cup of water, dried chervil, garlic powder, salt, a laurel leaf, and black pepper pepper pepper. Cook it for a while at a low simmer so that the aroma and flavor of the laurel is extracted and some of the water evaporates.  Remove the laurel and let the concoction cool overnight.  Prior to adding this dressing as is, add a big, heaping tablespoon of sour cream to it, then mix it into the beets and onions.  This one tastes great and strong...but you are gonna have killer breath after eating it.
next steakhouse super steak
You should try Calzones with a pizza filling.
Did you make pizza yet?
At 3:20 lower middle right a bit anyone see a buff funfetti boy doing the hulk punch? Just me? Ok have a nice day
3:48 I'm pretty sure he pees there
Pepper is just YSAC version of Babish kosher salt
coleslaw big ew
Pepper corns wrapped in sandpaper almost sounds like Indian food but I'd eat that over coleslaw any day 😂😂
Cole prits?
Vinegar slaw is better.
My momma makes good slaw.
Only the first two recipes had pepper pepper pepper.... well 2 good recipes is good enough.
Welcome back
I like Budweiser too
I have the same comb as you.
3:29 nice save
1:22 that's a throwback
Coleslaw was ruined from me by kfc
I'd date those fingers.
idk who lied to you but calzones aren't made with puff pastry as far as I'm aware
Those are some bangin coleslaws
SUCC IT MISS LETTUCE
Yes
i hate coleslaw
Gonna be honest with you man, mayo is disgusting.
■■■SLAWVESSEL■■■
Coleslaw yumderdumfum.
Slaw sounds weird.
I actually don’t like coleslaw
cof cof Here in latinoamerica we wash our cabbage before putting it in the salad though cof cof
My family has those same ikea cups
Hot tamales
I love coleslaw.
lmao wtf am i doing at 3 am
No-one is gana tall about the last one how is he alive
i love cole slaw so much. A really good dressing for it is a cup mayonnaise about a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar and a lot of garlic salt and some pepper pepper pepper
I hate coleslaw but I still love your videos
Are you how to basic?
100% died at the waterproof shoes
Yee yee
this is foods food..
Carrot F L U F F
Has any one ever mentioned you sound like binging with babish?
saw this on my home page, have been subscribed for a long time and its nowhere to be seen in my subscriptions page, wtf youtube
I’m literally making a Hello Fresh meal right now haha
What happened to show continuity?
Oh man, why
I ❤️ coleslaw
Krautsalat
Only clicked this vid to say that all slaw is disgusting, no matter what you do.
I will only admit to liking coleslaw when you admit to liking marshmallows
I dont like coleslaw 🤢🤢🤢
I can't believe this. I just started working for HelloFresh last week and now I see this for my first youtube video that I watched this whole week.
Coleslaw is fire
3:16 looks like a wizard
Very very very very very very very very soggy cabbage chunks with some saucy sauce
I have never ate coleslaw is it good?
Dude xD
Has Pimblokto reached out to you all?
HELLO
dissapointed that you didn't play YYZ intro on the bowl
I have issues
I’m allergic to mayo so I can’t eat this stuff
Dude the channels still alive
Why sack Katie?
Yayyy a new episode
I remember suggesting this to you on Twitter i love you 💝
I. Adore. Good. Coleslaw
triple p
Do a whole video on how kale can burn in the fiery pits of hell
2:44 it sounds like he forgot to say pepper 2 more times and just repeated it
Isn't coleslaw a salad?
please do pineapple pizza
Nice throwback with the kale
What is the name of this Chanel
There's no song???? Did i miss it?? Let me watch again
I dont like coleslaw
Whoever invented coleslaw knew it sucked because they named it coleslaw. That just sounds wank
The third one is really pretty
1:30 I just once want to meet one  person, who treats me like he treats this cabbage;  just for one day or a half. 
Just some hours day without screaming and then telling me it's not my fault, but screaming anyways.  And getting pissed if I say I'm getting anxious because of it , even if it's not about me... And I'm bragging and babbling too much.... Yeah sure I am....out of insecurity.....if its silent his outbreaks are more scary for me....and if he screams at me i at lrasr knle what it's about and hope if I apologise , he'll be ok and not so agressive anymore.  But it never works.  But it's the only relationship I know.  Not to be like one should be. Not ok.  Not enough.  Not good enough.  So I decided to not want to be at all. Not doing what anyone wants me to do. To starve.  And nobody can do anything about it. But I doubt anyone even takes it serous, even though I did I threw times before, until it was a 50/50 Chance of me dieing.  I stopped bevause years ago I drill had hope.  I haven't now.  They aren't aware I'm still on that track because the last time was 18 years ago. good for me.  So they won't care and notice. I can run and not eat for days without anyone caring. and no one will see me with less clothes.....yay. It's perfect.  
 I'd happily die in peace, with a nice memory. But it won't ever happen.  The most useful thing in my kitchen is the hook next to the lights, it's deeply anchored into a steel bar and able to carry about 108 lbs. Or at least my weight . I know I'm still much too fat, the fattest I ever was  in my life,  105 lbs , how could this happen?!  Im afraid ill bresk rhe hook or the people will have difficulties dragging this fat ugly blob down....So it's impossible to act in the near future, much too embarrassing. 
So I am on a diet; I have to get to at least  75 lbs,  or if I make it and no one catches me and goes to court, lesser than 63 lbs/ 28.4 kg / 157 cm / 5.1 -  ,would be my  new record. 
So I'll get there on either one way.
Pozdrawiam 2 typów podcast
Carrot fluff
Quick slaw for lactose adverse (who don't like being stuck in the potty after a date with traditional slaw, but still like a good slaw): Shred purple/green cabbage ( and whatever takes your fancy). Add favorite Balsamic Vinaigrette and pepper.
THROWBACK JOKE TO KALE
1:23 the poor kale
What is coleslaw?
pepper
I don't like em but I'll eat em
thanks you
i honestly never liked coleslaw but i tried this recipe and its a lot better the one i ate way way way to much sauce or mayo or whatever it was this is a lot better and a lot less mushy
1:35
Does every video require a shitty song at the end? It was once whimsical...now its kinda hard to sit through. I find myself closing your videos right after you make the food because I know youre about to start singing.
Fine, we're not friends.
Yo my mom uses a peeler to cut the cabbage into fine strips. Pretty easy way to cut it if youre knife skills arent that good.
I don't mean to make this depressing, but after a shitty evening you made it so much better! Thank you so much Ysac for just being you.
My family hates coleslaw. Whenever i get it on a sandwitch (like sloppy joes) they are disgusted. But if its good slaw. Its good on most things
still disguisting
I HATE mayo based coleslaw. I'm down for vinegar based though. I love your videos!
I love the subtlety of pissing lemon juice at 3:47
I call it poor people salad
I'd try the 2nd one but the other two look nasty
I have been to every place now.... except one. Please take me back and let me cook. If coleslaw love is self love then I’m the coleslaw.
I am totally going to have to make the Bangin #2
I hate coleslaw
how is this not trending yet?!
I want the coleslaw song. Can I download it?
I love it, it does not love me
I love your videos!!!!
I wonder how ur roommates tolerate u
You rule
I've always wanted leather pants for my fingers. Thank you for such wonderful wisdom for very important needs, as always.
Now to get a hot motorcycle.
IVE GOT THE SAME HAIR BRUSH
*3 bowls of trash
Man I thought u died
you know why i love cabbage? bc its crispy water. its tasteless. i love crispy things, and i love water. so i love cabbage
share love, love cabbage
and no, no one cares about kale, NO
Leather pants lol
why sac?
i"m not the biggest fan of cabage.
and mayo.
WTF HAPPENED TO PIMBLOKTO
3:11 was that Pimblocto?
To hit, or not to hit. Dost thou ever miss? I suppose it not. You have a male love interest, yet i would wager he does not kiss thee. Furthermore he will find another lass like he wont miss thee.
That's rad
Pepperpepperpepper
I feel attacked.
Kimchi is the best cabbage salad! You didn't bang yours long enough, if you bang it long enough it turns into spicy crunchy korean goodness
🎉
You and binging with babish made me take up cooking. I’m only 15 but it’ll be fun to be able to cook for myself when I’m older and not rely on pre made meals
I don’t like mayo
If theres anyone in this comment section who has had coleslaw from a st hubert restaurant then you know what banging coleslaw is
THANK YOU FOR HATING MIRACLE WHIP AND NOT LETTING YOUR FOOD TOUCH UNLESS IT WAS MEANT TO LIKE IN A CASSEROLE
I hate Coleslaw!!
You cant fool me with that pepper pepper pepper
Good no oh yeah
Thanos cabbage
I want coleslaw
guys what rhymes with spherical blip it's been tormenting me for hours now
Great salad! Thanks, I made it in the bath...
1:40 number 15
I don't like coleslaw actually I hate it ( I know I'm the purest of evil )
Cabbages..plural  cabbagi..singular🤣🤣🤣
Man I wanted to see pimblokto (read my comment on the last video)
there is no such thing
Ew sponsorship. I sent you an email asking to sponsor you and you never said if you liked my nudes or not
poor kale
I made broccoli slaw the other night cause the store was out of pre shredded cabbage and I was in a rush to make it before my ufo came to pick me up and take me to the ball.
love it
hey your pepper pepper pepper sounds fake. maybe my android have some problem
Hi
Now we gotta wait another month for a video
The 89 people that gave this a dislike (at time of commenting) can go to hell
These just getting worse or is it me..........I mean.....Good job.
I call it Cold Slop.
I thought this salad is only in slav countries
My name chef
I don’t have cabbage can I replace this with avocados
sniff sniff My little chef got his own sponsor spot. quiet sob I’m sorry, I need to go express manliness and add fresh tears to my Teriyaki marinade. And pepper, pepper, pep- loud wailing sobs fading into the distance
Ur back
ty for upload
coleslaw sucks at being a food
Hate your style good luck though
cabbage puppy 3:20
I'm done
When I was a kid I thought it was "cold slop"
I hate cabbage in any application in food.. except fried dumplings, and stir fry
You should do pumpkin pie cheese cake.
Our neighbour always gets Hello Fresh delivered but never bring it in, so we just get free meals - sorry Mark
Cabbage tastes like wax and disappointment.
Your videos acctuly help me learn to make stuff
Are we going to ignore your death in the last video?
Where my brothers at
love your channel, but the mold in your bathroom is disgusting.
Didn't you die last episode?
Yum
What the crap?! Why isn't this in my subscription feed?!
Brusselsprout where are you going?
I wonder how long it took you to cut that cabbage into lettuce shaped leaves
wtf he made real food
Wow
i don’t even eat coleslaw
oh hey its an episode on cold slop.
my mums recipe for coleslaw

-1 White cabbage sliced (Half)
-4 carrots (grated)
-1 onion sliced (Half or quarter depends on you)
-1 table spoon malt vinegar
-1 table spoon fresh ground pepper
-4 table spoon sugar (less if u want to, tho the malt vinegar takes away some sweetness)
- mayo until all is coated enough (or however much you want, i normally put a fair amount)

Sounds weird, but if there is any left over next day from fridge mix it back up if any liquid in bottom and put it in bread sandwich style, tasty.
If you dont put lemon/lime in ur creamy coleslaw its 99% more likely to taste like garbage
wow finally some healthy coleslaw representation. i was so tired of the cabbage slander :/
Coleslaw is DISGUSTING don't @ me
White cabbage is the empty canvas of the kitchen.
Remember on the last video when you commented on my comment
Ok
If you don’t like coleslaw don’t talk to me
Coleslaw is trash
Pinblakto
I'm surprised there were so many steps, actually. Either that or it just felt like there were a ton of steps.
Even bob can do this
Lol
Please make more videos. You’re one of the most creative and entertaining youtubers.
Anyone want some cheese?
Oh, hey, I like green slop! Although even I will admit that first green slop you showed looked bland as heck. Eugh! Hard pass on that one.
Sorry I don't eat compost
Coleslaw? More like killself
This is howtobasic 2.0
Nice
It’s rare that I find a slaw I don’t like
3:29 he forgot to say pepper pepper pepper so he edited the audio of him only saying once. What the heck is pepper?
PIMBLOKTO
Me hate, no like.....
Hi
Ooo
ew raisins
This video cured my residual coleslaw trauma, my glaucoma, and my fear of sleeping naked.
You totally SUCC
whats that purple cabbage called
I remember being at a party. They had bbq. I saw a thing of mashed potatoes with what i thought was bits of chopped up spring onions. It was coleslaw and i was horrified
i am starting to believe that this guy and the HowToBasic guy are the same
Please don’t hate me but I am uncultured and like the creamy over sauces coleslaw. I guess it’s what I grew up on.
Coleslaw is complete garbage
2:50 What’s that grey thing in the middle? I almost thought he censored something... maybe cabbage nudity?
Anyone else think the Apple, cranberry coleslaw sucked booty?
I don't like coleslaw and I live in texas. Rip.

I also don't like refried beans and I'm mexican. Double rip.
I guess I'm severely misguided, ininvolved, and not your friend


BCE AND RCT flashbacks intensify
Seriously though, why would you ruin perfectly good greens with that horifying sweet swamp sauce?
I'm starting to get weird How to Basic feels from the editing on this video...
Hey you had shorts on in the bath. 

I thought I was the only one!
You literally sewed the cabbage shoes
can i send you my coleslaw recipe i learned from my cooking teacher, friend? :) i want your opinion on it-
Id love to share my caramel recipe with you
Sweet coleslaw is disgusting, change my mind
I really love how he’s still wearing clothes in the bath, just in case
Respollo
I love coleslaw
When I was like 5, I thought coleslaw was called cold slop.
Not putting vinegar in coselaw is a sin
I still don’t eat coleslaw
Pepper, epper, eper, per
Coleslaw is gross
If you like this garbage you deserve a firing squad.
I have your knife set, that’s so hot.
You should try working with more meat
you should get a can of spam and make potato mash and then cute the spam in medium slices then add some butter to the mash and then just dump that spam in it grab a potato masher and mash away until the spam is mixed with the mash get some sweet mustard and eat away 

i call it lazy meat 

it takes a low amount of time to make and its the perfect food if you are in a hurry somewhere and its darn taste as well 

if youre feeling luxurious you can grab a can of ham instead
I don't like coleslaw.




That's what I would say if I was dead inside.
Huh. I always got the impression that cole slaw was fermented. It's also usually so vinegar-y that I can't handle it. Some of these look like they might be half decent.
exposed you aren't even saying pepper pepper pepper anymore, you're editing together the word pepper 3 times
thank you. the people need to know that coleslaw is delicious.
i normally just eat cabbage raw
Alcohol. Taxes. Courage.
Dreams. Bears.
Now I can be a great cook
Number 13: burger King foot lettuce
PERFECTLY S Y M E T R I C A L !
Need new plates
Please make video's like this for ever and ever! I love your channel!
👈🏾 not a coleslaw hater
First time using notifactions here, very nice video. Coleslaw is one of my favourite things for burgers and other.
When using a knife, you need to pinch the bolster (the base of the blade just above the handle) with your thumb and forefinger. This will help you to keep the knife steady and will also help your technique.
KRAUTSALAT!
1:40 Number 84: YSAC Foot Cabbage. The first thing you'd want is YSAC's foot cabbage in your coleslaw, because the positive vibes from the musical Toe Jams will give you a hoppin beat to walk to as you walk along the paths of life. Jamaste.
Dude! Get a slightly longer knife and keep the damn thing sharp! Do you want to lose a finger or two?! Perhaps you don't care about your hand-model-esque hands, but we do. Knives aren't toys and a kitchen is a battlefield. Take care
I'm being dumb. What food rhymes with spherical blip?
I just hate cabbage
Why you so funny? I’m so entertained.
Ive now collected 2/4 recipes to create the inkigayo sandwich.
For Bangin' Coleslaw #2, Dijon and cider vinegar are a two of my least favourite condiments, I think I'd actually prefer Exhibit #1
the oh yeah yeah meme has officially infected this channel as well. ;)
i just wanna thank thank for u vids i really enjoy them and watch them up to 10 times over few months they really help when i feel sad or i cant fall asleep. Its also very nice to see u responding to comments on your old videos
That bangin' better have been consensual.
Mayo is the reason I don't like most deli coleslaws very much, but ones that are essentially just tossed in a vinaigrette are truly bangin'. I'll have to try the greek yogurt one though! I could get behind that.
All looks amazing!!!
I don't Like colsla cause it's got so much sugar in the thing 

Also cabbage soup is great
Yyyyeeeeeeeeaaaazzzzz
canes coleslaw 🙏
I love me some coleslaw
We need more cooks like him!
welcome back
The only way to succeed with coleslaw is making it at home. Store bought or restaurant coleslaw is just sad and should be avoided at all costs.
Idk about this, I hate myself but love coleslaw. What do I do?
ahh, ahhh das tasty
Coleslaw is always gross
yay
Must you size shame dear carrot.
salag
Finally, good coleslaw recipes. 🙌🏽😻
I think we just started a cabbage cult. 🤫
I definitely have RCT and I'm wondering if this could cure me.
I have a lil different recipe but it tastes very good anyways
Wait, did Pimblokto murder you?
2:43 Caught yourself slipping in the editing there
Yes finally ❤
Upload more dammit ily
I can't believe what I just slaw
Why did Pimblockto do a voice-over?
I stand by my hate of coleslaw you can have my share
“Coleslaw hater” 😂
Alright see you next year
koolaid man voice oh yeah
I hate coleslaw but that looks really good
yeehaw get some slaw
he lives
I miss these so much....
.... But you don't like mushrooms?
Did u forget to say pepper pepper pepper and had to edit it in afterwards...... Shameful.
c'mon man, you are better than that...
don't end stage capitalism feast on your creativity
Your cooking is so so tasty yummy  good. funny too. Do BURGER
Only YSAC makes wanna watch even sponsorship clips.
Listen to the Universe!!!
Always thank the guy that brings coleslaw to parties, those guys are the bangers after a shit ton of oily stuffs
do not watch while hungry
I will go eat now
There was this time in High School where a girl turned to a guy with the name Cole, and legitimately asked, "Isn't Cole a type of slaw?" I swore i'd remember it for the rest of my life.
Cole slaw is YUMMY. Sauercraut is NOT
Greatest channel on YouTube
Oh yeah yeah
Cant believe Coleslaw is actually english word i never heard of it and its sound so slavic
Cabbage is one tough cookie. There is a reason the Romans used it in their Trebuchets.
Wait
Thats..
Hah, no thats really silly...
Cartheginians. Not Romans.
I don’t think it’s been called that
Oh yeah yeah mmmmmmmm
Third on was a bit over dressed
I guess I have issues tgen
I have that exact hair brush
125K views? 7 hours? YouTube Inbox?
Coleslaw gross, don't @ me
Yey
Top 3 YSAC episodes, and as an avid cabbage consumer very delicious.

4:47 "This video is sponsored by HelloFresh, who wants to help you totally smash ------"     Sold.
I watched the Babish collab recently and there's two things:
1. the way he acted confused after playing your clip was pure gold
2. how did that happen, and can it please happen again?
2:44 "pepper hepper hepper"
EDIT: hepper is later in the video as well, and I just realized you're just playing the same clip thrice. That's not how you save time, man
Toronto man makes drums out of leaves.
I remember trying coleslaw as a child and thinking it was the absolutely most delicious salad I've ever tasted, fun fact it took me 18 years to find out it's called that I always just knew it as cabbage salad :v
Alcohol. Taxes. Courage.
"slavessel" is going in my personal dictionary
Aw that sucks we can't be friends?😢
Pepper pepper pepper
So is lettuce made by the Lays company?
“If you can’t handle me at my coleslaw, you don’t deserve me at my steak sandwich.” Words to live by.
see you next month
Cabbage ew. Game end yourself cabbage.
Please follow this up with a borsch episode 🙏 I don’t use the prayer emoji lightly
i love coleslaw but i hate myself
Super Smash?
My sister hates coleslaw. Should I disown her?
please help what rhymes with spherical blip
I’m polish and I hate cabbage. It’s crazy
You know you’re a fan of this channel when you don’t even like the food he’s making
when the spatulas comes out I thought it was Pinblokto!!
Why YSAC? why do you have to push him away? why?
"Alcohol"
"Taxes"
"Courage"
The pepper pepper pepper sounds suspicious to me... 🤔
Has anyone ever told you that you sound a bit like CGP Grey?
YSAC stepping it up with the sound effects
See you next year!
This is exactly what I needed three months ago.
It sounds like he edited in an extra "pepper pepper" after saying pepper lmao
I thought you got killed by Pimblokto
The best coleslaw in town
Welcome back
finally!
first time im this early
You didn't say pepper pepper pepper how you normally would......I think this is Pimblokto
Papa’s back
👌👌
Ok
This will be very hard and gross. You have to squeeze the coleslaw with your bare hands
there is no place for coleslaw shaming in eastern europe
You know the best way to eat coleslaw? Place it directly in the garbage.
Coleslaw doesn't belong in fish and chips.

Change my mind.
so I should use it even tho I live in scandinavia?
Loved the video, can't stand hello fresh or any other meal kit delivery service.
YSAC doesn't suck at cooking he just does cooking in a different way.
I've been watching you for 2 years and I still don't know if you're a chef, musician or a comedian. :D
I usually call it fart ammo
Make more videos! More often!
Lol, those cabbage shoes.
Yeetennehz
I ate Cole's Saw its actually pretty good.
I tried to cook ice  cream and i burned it
I don't have anything to say
Spherical... blip? I don’t get it...
Tf
I still hate coleslaw 😒
Actually thanks so much for the mayonnaise free recipe <3
I’m literally ecstatic you are an advocate for coleslaw. I’ve been crying for YEARS bc my friends claim to hate all coleslaw when they’ve only had nasty coleslaw and never Beautiful and Delicious Vinegar Coleslaw
Well I mean thought of attempting suicide and I also hate coleslaw, so I guess it's tru??
MOREEEEEEEEE ive watched all ur vids i need more ;-;
YOUR NOT DEAD! YAY
You desreve at least 3.5 million more subs!
oofy
oofy
oof
I love the second cole slaw!!
damn. i hate coleslaw as much as you hate Pimblokto but i love you
YOU GOT A SPONSOR!!!!!!
Alcohol, taxes and courage. Good advice
Cooking father has returned
Worth the wait...and I love me some slaw of cole. Thanks for the new recipes 😊 (also a cabbage lover....have you ever had fried cabbage and potatoes? Mmmmmmmmmmmm)
Why sack kaydee? She was such a nice person, and she did her job with 78% accuracy. That's above average. That's like a C+
Coleslav squat
coleslaw is nastyyy
I FORGOT MY CABBAGE BRUSH
Bout time
Make an egg video it will become the most liked video
I now know why I never liked coleslaw. I've always been given that weird slop people like to call coleslaw. I'll try making these and see if my mind changes.
u know what, i would eat that
No u
No u
No u
pepper
pepper
pepper
Rhymes with "spherical blip"
Me: Definitely satirical slip
I love your cooking videos because how little cooking you do while maintaining all the awesome!
never like coldslaws but ill try the 3rd recipe
You're the most amazing chef
I want a YSAC Glove and Boots collab.
1:14 the picture on the lower left-hand corner....
I got a lifehack ad on this video, what am i going to do?
Does it count as getting banged when i eat it?






Please no one is banging me.
Nappa cabbage......
Vegeta?
Miracle whip
Uh, yeah. It’s cabbage, lime, honey, craisins, apples, and yogurt. Pretty basic stuff. Nothing exotic like dragon fruit or the tears of a virgin unicorn. It’s good.
Where are u from? cause I've never seen anyone make coleslaw like this. Nice vid tho :)
@3:10
I listened to this at 0.25 speed
My highest suggestions that you do the same
So that's why I hate it
How can you say this Coleslaw is Disgusting
Cabbage is god. Lettuce is hell.




Also I your hot chocolate recepie was really good
Who else watched the video all the way thru not because they care for the ads and just because you want this shitty cooker to make a little bit of money with that watch time?
Its not that I hate coleslaw. I just hate vegetables.
Does the coleslaw still taste the same if you don't shame the carrot?
Me: I don’t like coleslaw 
Priest: yup that’s definitely a sin
Love this channel.  I still don't know why i watch channels about food XD
THE BELL NOT GIVING ME MY NOTIFICATIONSSSS AHHHHH
Dang, I wasn't getting notifications. I'll keep a look out from now on cause I do suck at cooking.
Oh yeah yeah



Btw nice to see you again man
Sorry I came as soon as i could.
Upload more please
Ive never had coleslaw other than the cheap stuff. :(
Best channel
Did you forget to say “pepper pepper pepper” and had to edit in two more “pepper”s?
Rude, devin.
Just stay away from avatars
You are howtobasic with dignity
1:12 Gift is german for poison :)
yum not yuck
My favourite episode so far! Finally some Justice for cabage!
I thought I hated coleslaw until I had a banging coleslaw!
just pretentious and annoying. never liked this channel, and i still dont.
why does it have to be "bangin" dont be a dumb teenager
Unfortunately, my household is a no dairy or egg zone. Do you happen to have a recipe with out those things, or some sort of substitute on hand?
So I’m your friend
Always love the description 😂
Hey YSAC why dont you add bulgarian yogurt instead of greece yogurt, its the same but better.
You Suck At Cooking LOVE the new video!  

Now to throw some shade... 4:45 time for you to get your caulk out. Tub and tile, that is.
man, I miss getting high while watching YSAC... such a trip
I cant even listen to what youre saying, im just losing myself in the tone of your voice, i love the way you upload once in a month just the time i want someone feels warm to be on my side. I love you ysac. No homo.
My grandma makes the best cole slaw
that sweet, watery voice, like his mouth's about to start crying
I catch some videos, but they keep getting even better! Wish I could cook like you
That's some good looking coleslaw
i hate coleslaw for all the reasons mentioned in the video
Your videos make me moist.
You are back! Though I hate these vegetables, I love your video!
I hate to complain because YSAC is always great & I always humble my kale, but there was no music video with dogs at the end of this episode. I’ll have to revisit Beet Dip.
I love cumslaw
Yes
Can you please do an episode about lasagna
Not related to the video but yt mobile app changed the way resolutions are sorted and it's really bugging me. Why can't they have something not change?
Oh no no
Oh, this is so true! I'm glad my local stores have a few different coleslaw mixes in the pre-packed salad section. So if you're lazy like me, you can get your cabbage and carrot etc pre-sliced, and just add an appropriate amount of your favourite dressing. Definitely better than the sad pre-made coleslaws at the start of this video. Unless you get the bag where there's giant chunks of cabbage in it, and you're wondering why you've paid for someone else to do a bad job at chopping your cabbage.
It has been years...
The BEST cooking channel XD
How old are you?
Do you have an age?
Are you real?
Can you make coleslaw?
Yes to all, except one? Who know which
When I'm watching videos of wamen getting wrecked at the wamen's march and I'm late for the ysac video drop 😔 




Was it worth it? What do you think? Lol
You're a tool if you like spherical blip.
Needs more Asian 'slaw.
as much as I despise coleslaw ( bad experiences ), I would be willing to try your recipes.
I feel like you are trying to turn me vegetarian, and it’s working...
Neat-o
Oh boy!!! I do love me some slav!
Coleslaw is the vomit of the food kingdom.
I don't like coleslaw
yum
710th
I just don’t like mayonnaise
I just hate cabbage.
I’ve been permanently ruined by over mayonnaise’d coleslaw, but this video may have given me the confidence to give it one...last...try.
Slaw is terrible come at me
why are you naked in all your videos?
Cabbage is grose tf...
You are a genius.
"You're not special"  Hahaha!  The heart wrenching continues.  Pimblokto style!
I quite like the spherical blip coleslaw
Why ... Just why?
You ca 
Put some eggs in that gotdamn vid and get more than 10m views but noo.....
people with bce have iq levels of people from 5000 bc
You forgot the onion, buddy.
2:43 I see what you did there, you almost forgot to say it 3 times
Throws kale in corner

YOU'RE NOT SPECIAL!

 kale has been put in it's place! 🙌🏻
Bangin cole slawwwwwww
My recipe for coleslaw differs slightly. I usually start by not making it, and buying KFC instead, and asking for it as a side...... along with beans.
Somebody send this to Julien over at Jenna Marbles channel. He needs this.
Ive always thought all coleslaw was gawd awful terrible dog sh!t. but today, ive learned that only 99% of coleslaw is that bad. Thanks!
Thank you Hello Fresh for not being douches like some sponsors that force their garbage in the middle of the vid.
Coleslaw needs to stop. I'm sorry. Its gross. All coleslaw.
I must agreedapops, rhythmless coleslaw is soo boring! I mean, who doesn't acoustically tenderize these days? Ugh
The third one sucks
So I hate coleslaw because it think I am absolute trash and am thinking of commuting suicide
HOW DARE YOU TORTURE US BY USING THE MOTERCYCLE FROM THE LATEST EPISODE OF THE EGG SERIES. SHAME!
One day coleslaw will take over the world.


The Cole War
Coleslaw looks disgusting
I hate coleslaw, guess I have no self-love huh :(
Cripsy water salad is nice!!
3:29 - You probably said Pepper once and edited to make it "Pepper Pepper Pepper"
You did or didn't but - I, we and you still suck at cooking
Finally I love this stuff.
If I'm no longer severely misguided, unevolved and not your friend.
Will I learn to love the food that came from the ground otherwise called Vegetables
I see your courage also comes from alcohol and taxes
I love this
nice video casually explained
I wish I actually had the motivation to make these in real life
Just in time!
2:49 dang it ysac
3:29 when you forgot the other two peppers
How much did the motorcycle joke cost
How are you still alive?
No. Jakkie bakkie
But I looooove the electric green coleslaw that the Colonel slings...
Last time I had coleslaw, the sauce had spoiled, and the carrots were mushy. It was awful, and unfortunately I think that experience might’ve turned me off from coleslaw as a whole for awhile. Every time I see coleslaw anymore, I just get reminded of that traumatic taste experience.
The way he treats the lettuce is the way other ppl treat me
I used to think coleslaw was gross. turns out it isn't gross, it's just that most people don't know how to make it right.
the 3 bangin coleslaw's are the Cabbage's Holy Trinity
I’m starting to believe you’re actually a great cook, who is just bored and has shit ton of creativity
Thank you for watching my comprehensive guide to candied walnuts. 
Tweet the nuts:  https://ctt.ec/7ff4z
Facebook the nuts: https://youtu.be/xjktqhr_SYc
No wonder my cand nuts always turnt out wrong! I forgot to abandon my best friend. Thanks YSAC!
This has higher production quality than it should
do you ever just leave your dying friend on your garage floor bc same
Ok. So this is the first time me watching this channel and I was like oh this is cool subbed. Then I see that flashback and see the video isn’t even close to done and I realize this is going in a direction I was not expecting at all. Top 10 plot twist of my life.
9:59 this guy is a savage, 1 more second and he would get mid role adds
He's wangjangled all of our hearts.
I came for walnuts, but I stayed for Pimblokto.
This guy just turn his cooking show into a movie. We are thousand steps behind.
Imagine you're taking a hike in the mountains, and you some dude with a camera talking to himself while walking spatulas
How To Make Candied Walnuts.
Step1: Melt Sugar
Step2: Toss Walnut into sugar mix
Step3: Travel US
Step4: Forget about your candied walnuts
The story if Pimblokto so far:

Pimblokto is created by a young version of the protagonist, 

At some point, the protagonist grows up and invests in a cooking channel on YouTube. Pimblokto tries to join in by sneaking into videos, but his lack of cooking skills leads to the protagonist banning him from the kitchen.

They have a falling out, and Pimblokto is kicked out. 

A few months later, the protagonist regrets his action and goes out to find Pimblokto. He finds Pimblokto dying in an old shelter the two made as children, Pimblokto “dies” reaching for the protagonist’s hand, and his corpse is stored in the center of the garage. 

Pimblokto seemingly wakes up from his death, which turned out to be a coma, he hotwires himself to gain energy, and sneaks into the house. Protagonist finds out when he looks at spilled sugar, which has pimblokto’s footprints on it. 

Protagonist finds Pimblokto in the attic, and, being unable to care for him, tries to set him out to explore the world. The protagonist drives Pimblokto to the Grand Canyon, says his goodbyes, and leaves him there. 

Pimblokto rejects being left, and eats a berry which gives him a newfound confidence in himself, as well as a resent for the protagonist. he burns a picture of the kitchen he was banned from, and sets out to find the protagonist


The protagonist is attacked by Pimblokto while throwing away old drawings of him and Pimblokto from his childhood, while the protagonist isn’t injured, the drawing of Pimblokto and the protagonist is halfway burnt , showing only the protagonist. Pimblokto says goodbye to the protagonist one last time, before stealing his car and driving across the American desert, his fate unknown.
My god! I am so upset about the way you treat Pimblokto. I won't be watching anything else tonight, this really got to me.
This crazy man stopped the video 1 second short of 10 minutes I love him
So you brought Pimblokto back only to kick him out again? :(
Three minutes in and the walnuts are done, and my interest has never been higher.
When you come for the Walnuts but you stay for the underlying plotline.
I came here to learn how to make candied walnuts.
I ended up having a robot get high on berries.
I "definately " didn't just spend the last 10 minutes crying over grabbed arms and some wangjanglers. "Definately".
This is the first video of this channel, I've seen, and I expected something remotely to "How To Basics's" style. But not this intense cinematographic masterwork. Wow! That was awesome and incredibly interesting to watch.
The cinematography of the pimblocto scene was actually amazing.
200% on Rotten Tomatoes
Thanks for the tutorial my walnuts came out perfect.
this is a goddamn masterpiece.
You think this is only about candied walnuts? THINK AGAIN! (and prepare a box of tissues)

P.S
@8:45 I officially hate you
I just wanted to make some candied walnuts, but instead, im crying and hugging my knees ;-;
unlike you savages, i watch this show for the lore
This video quickly evolves from cooking candied walnuts.
I waited a full year for the continuation of this masterpiece
No doubt YSAC is the best, most creative, dedicated, and creates the best videos. Always surpasses my expectations of a good video
Who wants Ysac to bring egg series back
I laughed, I cried, I had an allergic reaction to the walnuts. It's everything I needed and more.
Man those cinematic shots are NUTS
Happy Pimblockto is living his best life for 2019
ysac is problematic because he isnt properly loving and appreciating pemblocto
Egypt don't you make pimblokto's kitchen and his own YouTube channel so he can do what he want don't be so cold and angry on him
My favorite black mirror episode so far
How did I end up watching some sort of weird ET remake?
I forgot i was watching a video on candied walnuts
Hold up, sugar is an ice? Really? Why my teacher haven’t told me that? 
I feel like being robbed.
still a better love story than twilight
my god the effort of getting all those scenic shots for this video I love this channel so damn much. thanks for the always wonderful, thoughtful, bizarre, and unique content, ysac, hope the adventures were incredible
This guy  has to much free time...
And that folks is how you cook candied walnuts
I was not expecting that omg
Why I'm I crying?...
No wonder why every video takes so long to make! :D
I would be very-very glad to know, why all of this stories can’t bring me to crying?
This beautiful 1980s sci-fi moment where pimblokto revives and all we need to wholeheartedly justify is deep music and a blinding camera angle.
You're a poet, man.🌺
Pimblokto!!!!!!!!! I’ve missed you so 😥 Don’t even remember how to make the walnuts, have to rewatch 😂
am i the only guy who kinda hates pimblokto?
These videos are progressively moving further away from cooking tutorials and I love it
Imagine Ramsay watch the intro
Rage Level : SUPER EXTREME
"You can be here" throws him off a cliff
You are weird.
And I love you ^-^
I just found your channel. And really...you´we made my day :) Thanks :D
The saddest Christmas Special I've seen.
Around 7:22 primblacto(or however u spell it) was probably on cactus juice😂
He almost commit suicide this is dark.
This is a film of a lifetime
         - Some dude on the internet

A true reniunion of an unworkable relationship
      - John Wick

Bet you didn't see that coming
       - Reeses
A new type of film, refreshing
     -Tommy
You just needed 1 more second of video to get exactly 10 minutes!
When I saw this video length I realized something was wrong. Candied Walnuts shouldn't need 10 mins of explanation. Now I realize why it was so long.

I came for the Walnuts. I stayed for the beauty. Get this man an Oscar
oMg YoU DROPPED THE GODAM SUGER
WAIT it was no mistake emblockto!
Timblokto's bizzare adventure is my favorite anime now
Yay Pimblokto is back!
he must have gone to film school. those angles are crisp. also imagine him just running around in the middle of scenic views with a camera.
pymblogto A WEAPON TO SURPASS METAL GEAR!
this channel is amazing oh my god
I love your channel man keep up the great work
So happy to see Pimblokto again!

I felt you treated him a little hard...
But relationships themselves can be difficult
I’m not crying.... I’m just..... allergic to sadness.....
This has to be the best channel I accidentally stumbled across. And my god, the scenery! Absolutely amazing!
0:37 no one is talking about this part but I love it 😂😂😂
Top 10 anime betrayals
Me During First Two Minutes: I guess that's how you make walnuts, badly.
Me During Rest of Video: WHY AM I CRYING
Is nobody gonna mention how he went to like 12 national parks to make this one video
Bruh pimblockdo has me dying 😂
awww, this is so beautiful.
I agree, people are strange.
Attempted murder by the sentient wangjangler cyborg?
Deep.
What a Blockbuster. Send this stuff to Hollywood
How do I get spatula comrade for me?
Please make cake for the 100th episode ;w;

Edit: Ok so like... THAT WAS INTENSE
This was oddly emotional.
I just wanted to know how to make candied walnuts, why am I crying?
thank u for showing what it feels like to get high on cooking






in a good way
"My feet look like wangjanglers." 😂😂

💪🏽💕
And the Oscar goes to...  YSAC

Best movie I've seen all year.
“Clever girl..”
GOOD REFERENCE
The reason for the gap between the last video and this one is that YSAC had to travel the world getting all those dramatic landscape shots by carrying robot parts up mountains
Tbh when he was throwing out the drawing it made me cry 😭
6:43 don't
6:47 good
7:03 great,he killed himself on a berry
Best candied walnuts video probably ever.
that's basically a brazilian candy: pé de moleque "Kid foot"
Cooking is more dramatic than I remember
Can you imagine coming across him actually filming this? It would have been so weird seeing him move the legs around like that! 🤣😂🤣😂
I love how you didn’t even get it to a full 10 minutes. Mad respect
I love Pimblokto's story. So epic. Best part is knowing this dude took those gripper things with him to all those beautiful scenic areas just to finish Pimblokto's story.
Your stories should be in Netflix man.
If this is your first episode of watching him, you are probably very confused
... im new here and a bit concerned
I was not prepared for this and I GOT CHILLS.
The production on this video in particular... I’m speechless. I forgot I was watching a tutorial on cand nuts!
Finally. An informative cooking channel.
I'm still waiting for a continuation to the Egg Saga
The story was just buttered side down with talking
its good
this is too hard
reunion is so sad/happy
THE FEELZ RIGHT IN THERE MAN
Don't think that getting maimed by a robot means you're free from doing the Bandcamp album.
I am to emotionally involved in this damn cooking show
There were candied nuts at the beginning and then something happened O.o

I guess that's why you don't give your friends wang-janglers for feet! Or murderous fire powers, but that's less important.
Oh my gosh! You were in Page, AZ! I live in Page - sorry to have missed you, but love the video :)
You be wang janglin..in gratitude and love for your Christ Consciousness vibrational culinary art form.....safe journey 🙏🏼🙇🏻‍♀️💖☮️🤪
My new favorite cooking show.
Really all I saw happening in this video was Pimblokto moving on from his toxic relationship and finally becoming his own robot.


So basically character development
Pimblokto has finally rebelled 
viva la revolution!!
Thank for the trailer of pinblacto,Disney will for sure make a movie👌👌👌😂
That was an amazing episode. That took so much planning. Very creative.
I will always love your YouTube channel it is the absolute best
"sugar is a liquid which at room temperature is ice" 
you just blew my mind
hello i asked for nothing more  than a recipe what am i watching and why is it so touching
When he was searching for Pimblockto the music was so Portal 2 like
This video made me cry 4 times, thanks- it's been a while since i could let myself feel something
That only means PANBLOCKTO IS ALIVE
First time viewers must be traumatized
When I saw the footprints I was like oh snap! I love this guy so much he deserves a lot more credit for the effort he puts into his vids
I say, i just love this channel.
Knows why it’s popular, loves doing the videos that made it popular and doesn’t include politics into his videos.
I WAS WAITING FOR THE PIMBLOKTO CONTINUATION YES
when a youtube video has more production quality than a movie
loli-rocksicle








( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Found this channel.... I laugh, I sub. 


I'm a simple women
This was such an emotional journey. This is a great channel. 😭
Some of these YSAC videos have more story and feels than some AAA games. Love it!
When you realize that a video about cooking nuts turned into a tragic love story between a guy and a robot made out of wangjanglers
I don't know what everyone is talking about. This is all in my grandma's recipe for candied walnuts.
Can you do meatballs and spaghetti?
I thought he was gonna jump off the cliff. I am so glad he didn't. I wouldn't be able to handle that.
I just love the creative genius of your videos.
This turned into "how to make candied nuts" to "tragic story of a friendship between a spatula robot and youtuber".
Whois here before that diamond play button? 😉
“Don’t miss the Pan by a mile” got such a good laugh out of me. 10/10
Your walnut is a christmas miracle, I threw sugar just like you instructed and I saw my robot friends footprints. Now we're united.
Madlad wakes up his robot to torture it.
Who else got chills when the pemblacto footprints appeared? 
No? Just me? Ok.
I just discovered your channel and i feel the urge to upvote every single video of yours
I love how much effort is put into these videos
The single most genius video of 2019. Absolutely brilliant. And it was published in 2018, so, yeah.
Plinblockto or blinblockto idk this story should be a movie
"My feet look like wang-janglers"   Put that on a T-shirt.
To be honest i loved the end but what does that whole thing have to do with walnuts and liquid sugar put together???
Where’s the next egg episode, just binged them and I want to “egg” you on to make more. Though oh man pimblokto. Loves these side sketches. Keep up the good work!
Every video keeps getting better and better! Honestly what your doing is amazing, I never thought I’d grow attached to a channel about cooking. Keep up the good work! I’m excited to see what you have in store next!
This is similar a Georgian dish, gozinaki :) look it up
So deep....so very deep..in this episode, YSAC explores the very depths of friendship, the love, the betrayal and, at the end, the growth and strength one needs to escape the very chains that bind us together...and cand walnuts
It's phenomenal how a cook / musician / filmmaker can build a tough fully functional robot with great complex AI
Ya, so about that magnifying glass collecting dust in your attic.... How much? I want it.
Mom and Dad: This is How We Made You.
Of all the weird assery you have done, this was by far the most well thought of. The best. I am still confused. But wow man.The effort shows.
I just wanted to know how to cook candied walnuts 


edit no in not trying to eat your "brothers also 1K LIKES WTF
The emotion in this video was amazing. 😭
WOW so much energy you have put into this
I always think: when is the next video gonna come out!!! But then I understand. The amount of time and creativity you put in these always astound me. Keep doing what your doing mr. ysac
8:47 is this the face reveal we have been looking for?
I hope the Netflix adaptation stays close to the source material no way can they mess with the Pimblokto story.
Man... Who knew candied walnuts could make me cry so many manly tears
You out so much effort into these what the heck good job man
damn almost made me cry
9:59 wow. Just before 10 min mark great vid
9:59 if he got that extra 1 second that would be double the revenue
Can we take a moment and just appreciate the editing? Amazing
This was beautiful 








How did he get these shots without casting a shadow?
Top 10 anime character development
Imagine seeing some one just carry around pincers and spatulas and just walking around with them in the middle of a desert
Why are these getting progressively less about food 😂 love it!
Instructions unclear, my toaster got high on bad rye bread
I love how I came here to see how candied walnuts are made but I stayed for a story about a guy and his best friend? robot
How dare you do my boy like that!
this man is a cinematic genius
I just wanted to learn how to make 
 Caramel walnuts but i learnd something today 



Ps happy new years
BUT WHAT DOES HE MEAN BY "I just wanted" I JUST WANT HIM TO FINISH HIS SENTENCE IT WILL ALL BE RESOLVED
What happened to your cat for episode 2
Shut down Youtube it's all downhill from this masterpiece
"My feet look like wang-janglers." Brand new sentence, right there
Thanks for telling me how to add the walnuts!
justice for Pimblokto
What kind of pickles do u buy?
Never tought 2 wangjanglers could bring me to tears
What if Gordon Ramsay watched your video would you change your intro
YOU BE NICE TO HIM, HE LOVES YOU and i love him
You just earned a new subscriber. I love how your videos are a mixture of actually helpful tips and weird humor. Keep them coming!
When I thought that Plimblokto was going to jump I was like, "pimbLOKTO NOOOOOOO"
this actually made me cry when i saw the memory get crushed, thrown away (almost) and burned
Can you do "You Suck At Driving" Videos  hosted by Plimblokto? That would be cool
Darn, just missed 10 minutes
this machine.... IS A DEVIANT
Don't forget to save a candied walnut so you can regrow them in the spring
Top 10 anime betrayals
These videos are like if the creators of Welcome To Night Vale dropped a bunch of acid and tried to make ASMR.
This is two minutes of cooking and seven minutes of heartbreak.
Man I just discovered this channel rn and it's amazing :O, instantly subbing
My mom - "Boy I really love that Binging with Babish, but I wish there was a similiar show but with more disco music and cocaine in the writers room!"
Me - "Mom great news."
You are the best cooking show I have ever seen in my life
When this guy's finally got me calling spatulas wangjanglers
This is my first YSAC video and I don't know what I just watched but I enjoyed it
I tried this and I failed... I suck at cooking candied walnuts!
I feel bad for the robot...
These are the most dramatic cooking tutorials I‘ve ever seen
A masterpiece of a cooking video
Pimblokto face reveal when?
3:02 Detroit become human flashbacks
How are you so good at this and how did you make me care about the pimblockto narrative ily
This dude when to the canyon to film a spatulas...
Very emotional, but like funny at the same time. You're very creative,  I really don't know where you would come up with all this stuff. But keep up the good work!
Watching this on New Years 12:50 at night this is fricken awesome I saw your ramen how to and I loved the wabs
Welcome back to make me cry season 420,069 episode 666
"That's because sugar is a liquid which at room temperature is ice." That feels like bullshit but I don't know enough about cooking to dispute it.
You made your videos more like how to basic now
This is the saddest tutorial since How to Pick Up a Blue Chair Off the Ground .
I can't believe you still mad at him ;-;
I'm jealous of wherever you live (if anyone knows where this is, tell me)
look at my boi making it 9:59 so nobody can say he milked it to ten minutes for ads thats a good guy brian move
How To Basic but there's a lore and he can actually function?
Pimblokto is free. G-good job everybody ;;
Gg, you had a good run my broski
the actual recipe was 2 minutes. the video is 10 minutes long
I feel like YSAC spends lots of money just to go across the world to push some spatulas on the ground
why so mean to pimblokto. you both used to love eachother. but now ur friend ship fell apart. all he wanted to do was become friends again. but he had to betray u😞😞😞😭🥺☹️😞🙁😕😟😔
HOLY SHIT GUYS. HE’S BACK! I CAN’T BELIVE IT BUT HE’S BACK GUYS!
ive never been so attached to 2 claws walking on spatulas
Cooking video on candied walnuts < A Netflix Original about a sad robot trying to find his place in the world.
Just imagine looking from afar
I've seen this video twice before and it still makes me emotional..
I'm too old to be watching this when I figure the time I have left on this Earth. Hey, but I loved the journey. I should get out more often. Thank you for the candied nuts too!
"Stop, drop and roll"
This man could do an actual movie and I'd gladly watch it. 



About 14 times.
Pimblokto learned to eat a berry! I'm so proud of him!
The sugar is ice is the best analogy I’ve seen or heard for crystallization ever
Is YSAC just a big series based on cooking but has a hidden story
"Now dont miss the pan by a mile" Then misses pan by a mile
Not gonna lie you had me tearing up there.
i need someone with robotics skills to make Pimblokto please
but can he be here
?
I forgot this was a cooking video lmao
The YSAC cinematic universe is way bigger and complex than the Marvel universe could ever be.
You we're so mean to him😢☹️
I somehow expected this to be a normal cooking video. My expectations have been met
Who else got genuinely excited to know Pimblokto was back?
How is a candied walnut tutorial a better drama/comedy than a lot of TV shows?😂
You’re so good at drama and tension and story telling wtf
Ohhhhhh - I like this guy!!! 
A Quick Witt -
- Imagine That. 

Bet he doesn't buy the MS News Drama - or their Boy.
I almost cried at the end when you burned the drawing
7:17 well, you know what they say about big hands.
I'm trying imagine what I would think if I was walking along in the desert somewhere and saw a bunch of.....spatula prints?
"The highest budget cooking video, but it's not what you think."
i literally clicked cz my mom texted me abt how to make candied walnut and i just sent this to her 2 hours ago and i just watch it now loool
Can you make a movie already
This is probably the closest thing to flithyfrank we'll ever get :'(
quality over quantity at its finest
Omg, what a masterpiece! Congrats ♥️♥️♥️
Thank you for taking the time and effort to make these awesome videos
jesus christ, you wanna make us cry?
the deep wisdom behind this short movie tho
Pixar might hire you for the next Pimblokto movie :D
Turns out pimblockto was going to Babish's place, and he will now be an active part of Binging with Babish!
The YSAC cinematic universe is getting NUTS
I had strings but now I'm free.
We need a face reveal of Pimblokto by next year!
I came for the Cand nuts and left with a beautiful story.
Dam, that was somthin' wipes tear
Easily one of the best channels on YouTube. Thank you for all the effort you put in these videos. It shows
Instructions not clear, got my foot in a toaster.
Why is nobody talking about his face reveal?
I laughed, I smiled, I cried and I smiled again. Wow, what a rollercaster of emotions
Did Pimblokto just eat peyote... Oh classic Pimblokto!
MAKE VIDEO AGAIN PLS MY LIFE IS EMPTY I've watched your entire videos in a row and now idk what to do
I'm like a proud mother....well done darling...youve come such a long way
The feels are strong with this one. Pimpblokto is the real trooper.
so did you eventually vacuum that sugar? I'm trying to finish the recipe...
It boggles my mind how this man wasn't on Youtube Rewind.
Omg this is so sad alexa play despacito
Do I love this channel? Yes, yes I do
I just like how he planned to spill the sugar
I still say 'NO' to ICE... chemical beams???
As soon as I saw the footprints in the sugar my immediate thought was: oh crap
The tragedy of candied walnuts
This is better than Riverdale, the Flash, Supergirl, and the Gifted combined
I would pay to watch this in cinema 😂
Yo he is the best youtuber (after seth everman)
How did a video about cooking turn into a love story about a robot
That video was a mfing roller  coaster the whole way through
3:16 It reminds me of that futurama episode where bender gets high using electricity.
THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE
When you don't get notified and you come 3 weeks late
I... I thought this was going to be a cooking show.
When plinblockto  or blinblockto again idk when he was at the ledge of the mountain idk how to spell i said dont you dare jump off.
Can't wait for season 2
frick
pimblokto is back alive
Lemme just say something, and im not lying. I cried.
Would have been quite awkward if a police officer stopped you for having two grabbers on the steering wheel.
i died laughing because of how the crow says "Kaa" so camly in 7:29
Just when I was starting to think 'YSAC has gone bit lame...' Bam! Pimblokto.  Genius
I keep having to remind myself that this is a candied walnut video
in your early vids your content wasn't so wholesome. lots of cussing
one second from being 10 minutes long this mans a legend
Bravo! Bravo!!! claps
best cooking show ever OwO
For the love of god why are his feet spatulas I've pondered since I first saw him
This video made me cry! 
1 like= 1 prayer 🧂
This one video has more lore than the entire star wars series
This pimblokto shit's getting so dark. I love it.
Man I’m gonna miss pinblockdough
2 minutes in and the length of the video is sort of intimidating me
I love how he makes a story in these
Dude. Can you please use your success to get Pimblokto set up in his own apartment with his own kitchen so he can cook just like daddy taught him? Don't gotta be so cold.
this actually made me semi-sad
I literally sing this theme song almost everyday...for the past 4 years.
He’s back bois, PIMBLOCDO’s (I definitely misspelled that)back oh wait never mind :(
"Once the sugar gets to this Amber colour, you're ready to add the walnuts, 
which we do by adding the walnuts"
genius.
I want ten thousand metric fucktons of whatever he's on please.
Love candied walnuts. They are great!
What even is this "tutorial" I love it
what the hell did the recipe turn into? :-O  am i having a stroke?
Imagine this is the first video of yours  someone watches😂
That shot where the picture of Pimblokto and YSAC boy was burning, and you could see Pimblokto walking away in the back brought a tear to my eye.
Did you go to film school or something? because this is amazing!
ysac: the drama show
They look like poopoo gamer
(Edit) it’s okay because Robots are cool
is this the end of pimblokto? 
this has got to be the overall most dramatic and heart-wrenching film of 2018, and probably the best film series ever
literally 1 minute was dedicated to the title AND the description
YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HE'S BAAAAACKKKKK
Literally the most effort for a video
you dont have to keep luring us in with cooking tutorials you can just post the films if you want they are beautiful and unique so just do what you want you dont have to lure us in we like you for you not your cooking vids
Now this lore is complete, what about the Egg lore?
9:59 minutes RESPECT
We need a pimblockto face reveal😂
This episode is like that feeling you get at the end of a Marvel movie after the credits when someone comes back for just a second. Very exciting.
Why can’t they just be friends
My feet look like wangjanglers.
1:23 ＂ｌｏｌｉ＂
I came for a cooking show, I was not expecting an emotional roller coaster.
Is that a Mitsubishi Outlander? I really need to know I'm right.
Who is pumped up for Pimblokto face revel?
5% cooking
95% PIMBLOCKTO
You monster. Pimblokto doesn’t deserve this. You should have let him stay. He’s one of the only reasons I watch this channel. :( u made me cry.
this video is a cinematic masterpiece
Don't ever stop dude :)
So basically this is  a guidance of how to handle a fxxked up breakup? Proud of you Pimblokto!
God I know this is not real, but I'm so disappointed that he didn't let him stay....I'm sad...
Iron giant 1.5 looking good
Nice job with the shadows. That must have taken a lot of planning
The people who came for candied walnuts are going to be so confused.
i think those walnuts look more like preserved lungs with a bloodless heart in the middle
The commercial that played after this was for Roomba and I'm very conflicted by it.
Another amazing video.
It's been so long since I've watched this channel, I remember the first episode with the robot
No way he actually traveled to diffrent countries to do this vid
Sugar is a liquid which at room temperature is ice
Came for the nuts, got punched in the feels
I cried but only because I accidentaly poked my eye
I swear this was reuploaded
this video is so powerful, i cried
you know how to make me cry......
People are going to wonder why spatula prints are out in nature. Can you imagine finding spatula prints out in the middle of nowhere?
Chief, I think I've found it.
your best video yet
Did you go all the way to the Grand Canyon just to make this video?
What the hell? This was amazing!
The craziest part of this video is Pimblokto Isn't getting pulled over for driving without a licence.
Video editing skills are movin on up
Scary - but brilliant!!! :D
1:59 Top 10 Best Anime Plot Twists Ever
Let him live with you please
What did I just experience
a cinematic masterpiece
I rewatched the pimblokto video’s and the gingerbread video I actually almost cried
This is the back story of the robotic revolution. Watch out ysac. Therye all coming for you
Idk but you suk at cooking reminds me of daily dose
"Clever Girl" Hahaha Also when you said Sugar is just ice at room temperature I LOST it. Not even ashamed.
remember when this was a cooking channel
The story of friendship that I didn’t know I needed
I’ve been here since the original “7 ways to chop an onion” and I’m so proud that you got to a mil!
Only about 19% of this video is about making candied walnuts
Rovot story is genuinelly more sas than most dramas.
This is I think my third video, I'm delightedly confused what is even happening??????? Lol I definitely subbed tho!
this channel is so strange. ill suscribe
Pimblokto deserved a better friend.
I’ll be honest, I thought he was gonna jump off that cliff. His ending was beautiful nonetheless
this vid is actually so great. you're channel is so underrated! i dont understand people
THE RETURN OF PINBLOCKTO
wangjangular sounds like wang and that inappropriate hah
Pimblokto takes some serious drugs.
Guys I went ahead and translated the binary...





It says “You can’t be here”
can we get a face reveal AMA video at 2 mill subs?
Why did I watch a Robot trip on cactus juice..
Lowkey intense
This is slowly turning into how to basic
Pimblokto just needs some encouragement. And a bigger special effects budget.
I think that all of these videos are expressing his life story
You know hes a real one when he ends the video at 9:59
C A N D  N U T S
Love this recepie!!!
Good thing you didn't post this in November
5:43 Literally went to the exact same spot at, that’s kinda crazy
He is posting less, he probably got a job.
at 1:00 you can see devon cleaning the sugar
That was the longest ending song ever. And I love how it was all spoken word
The worst part about discovering and binging every video on this channel is having to wait for new videos to come out but its always worth it.
This stuff got really real, real fast.
the story for real made me tear up
This shit got more story than most anime
Oh ma gawd so emotional!!!!!
6:38 
For a second I thought pimblocto was gonna commit sauce on the side
Always a cliff hanger  we need more pimblacto
As a first timer to this channel, I was so terrified when the story happened. Really interesting though. Definitely going to stay.
I just wanted to know how to make candied walnuts and now I'm crying
like if he should bring back pimblockeddo back
What a roller coaster of emotions. I mean...

You toast the nuts BEFORE you add the sugar? This is what I've been missing!
Living for the randomness and cooking tips. Lol
I love this channel so much
This made me cry lol
that moment when pimblokto sticks his hand in the toaster
You monster. How could you not let Pimblokto be in the one place he wants most?
When you want to watch a cooking video but instead you get a emotional video about a robot
Uuuuugh I love this channel so much
Am legit crying
The rise, fall, and rise again of pimblockdo
For some reason this is the most inspirational video I’ve ever seen
My feet also look like wangjannglers when I trip
PIMBLACTO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I never new a cooking video would ever make me cry
The sad part is that Pimblokto didn't try the candied walnuts ;(
Still better than YouTube rewind
Holy pinblockto he’s back
Wow I can’t believe you stretch the video to ten minutes
man the witcher 2 seems gucci
How much did you traveled for this one specific video?
I remember first watching your video on how to cook potatoes in 2015.
When I Sean the foot prints it sent a chill down my  spine
sooooooo goood you speak to my soul
I'm new to your channel and so far love it and I can tell you put a lot of effort and time into your videos
DID YOU SEE HOW THICK THAT PAPER WAS THAT HE WROTE ON? OMG THE QUALITY CARDSTOCK PAPER? 😭
MAKE SPAGHETTI SQUASH
MAKE SPAGHETTI SQUASH
MAKE SPAGHETTI SQUASH
"Wow. They're done. I absolutely love his videos but why do they take so long to ma...." Video continues "This is why I fricking love this channel. So silly yet so touching. Absolutely amazing.
MAKE SPAGHETTI SQUASH
MAKE SPAGHETTI SQUASH
I'm here at 666k views and 6k comments
TOP 10 ANIME PLOT TWISTS
Why does this have better shots, plot,   emotion and tension than all the movies of 2018?
This is the video I have been waiting for, and it delivered better than Infinity wars endgame!
That was emotional
Upload faster
And that's the true meaning of Christmas.
I love your videos and this channel. It’s like some sort of deep message hidden in all of this happy innocent stuff. Love it. The atmosphere is also always super calming with a few good chuckles here and there. That’s the kind of storytelling I’m into.

And also the production quality is impeccable
I thought your ramen video was funny and decided to watch your latest work. I was not prepared and suddenly need the whole story.
This guy really wants to avoid monetization. I mean, 9:59. That's about as close as it can get. Nice job man.
I miss Pinblockto
Best movie I’ve ever watched.
Leaked black mirror finale
you should do a face reveal
Best Black Mirror episode
Not even robots show their face in this channel. How rude!
Pimblokdo and the eggs cross over?
When you click on a cooking video but get much more.
the lore in this series is so deep
You are a legend
Your so mean! he was a person too! i actually cried during this.
Better production value than the new Sonic movie.
i definitely did not expect this to be a roller coaster of emotions
This made me cry
YSAC are you dating Katie?
Clever girl
I LOVE YOU HEMBLOCKTO
This is the content we want. Take notes, YouTube! 

YouTube rewind 2019 should just be a YSAC video. Then maybe people would actually like it.
When u miss the 10 min mark by one hole second :(, sad
This is like a whole story and I love it
to me the halves look live a pelvis
I've never been so invested in a story before
Genuine chills when I saw the spatula prints in the sugar
9:38 Official face reveal?
help i dont know how to make a glass of water pls tutorial
I cried when pin block tow left
Damn
YSAC is really Wes Anderson
That was so intense!
6:01 Top 10 saddest anime moments
from cooking to watching a drama, very nice indeed
i actually tried this,made an absolute mess but hey atleast i have some cand nuts
Disappointed you didn't follow Chekov's Gun

If in the first act you cook some candied walnuts, in the third act someone must eat them

In all seriousness, the lengths you go through to make these videos, I applaud you and your loved ones who help
This is a master piece!
This cures unending sadness 😂😂😂😂😂
you should do a thing where Pemblockdo steals the kitchen and reenacts your videos of cooking
Pimblokto killed the creator. Is this channel officially dead?
Come for the recipes. Stay for the amazing cinematic experiences.
1 second short of 10 minutes rip money
Can u do a face reveal
How to turn your trip to the red rocks into a tax write off. 😂😂
C A N D N U T S
There is so much effort in your videos you deserve everything you've earnt
Cleaver girl?
I was wondering why it was 9 minutes
This was very plot driven this time
So close to 10:00 lol. RIP adrevenue.
i actually converted that binary to ascii and it legitimately says "You can't be here". was hoping to have found an easter egg or something but wow. talk about commitment.
The return of pimblokto was more emotionally impactful for me than the birth of my nephew.
We got a drugged robot on the loose!!!!




So another vid PLZ!!!!!!
This is the episode that we learn Ysac can vibe
cinematic excellence
You need more credit for you’re videos.
Does anyone realize, that he prolly went to all them places just for a 10 min video?
Why does he have to always frig me out with the flashbacks and what not
I thought he was gonna jump for a second
Do you ever just leave your evicted roommate at the Grand Canyon
9:34 just imagine if I cop saw this.
If you want to learn cooking, end at 1:57. If you want anything but cooking, but want a heart breaking take of truth and pain, start at 1:57. Real troopers watch everything.
I'm not crying. You're crying.
Better Story then the last jedi
do i also have to get lost and then find myself in the desert after tripping straight up balls on a magic cactus fruit in order for my candied walnuts to come out okay or can i skip that bit?
I have the same toaster oven that’s in the upper portion of his garage
9:24 the closest we have to seeing his actual face
Pimplokto needs his own channel! XD
Hey man...I miss you...come back...please
"NO! .. I mean yes, "
Pimblokto is gonna meet Elon musk and go to Mars.
Oh my god this is by far one of the best episodes of YSAC. Can someone tell me why I'm crying over a pair of wangjanglers and plastic arms? 😢😢😢😭😭😭😂😂 Can't wait to see how this story unfolds!
This made me a little sad
JUST WOW!!!! <3
YSAC = You are Such A Curmudgeon. Why you gotta treat Pimblokto like that?
U gonna have ants
This is a tutorial on how to make candied walnuts right?
a cinematic masterpiece 👌🏻
You should start making movies my man
I'm not crying. You're crying
Is it ok if I use some of your music sections in ur videos for videos of my own? They’re really good , short , quick , nice to hear. I’ll credit you too.
I almost fainted when I saw those footprints. How dare you make me almost faint
BLIMPBLOCKTO
i thought he said 'chemical beans'
I thought this was a cooking video
I burned my finger while making this
Damn 😂

All those ways to "get out of my house".
does this recipe work for other nuts?
Did you plan to drop the sugar and use it to your advantage
F in chat for pimblockto
Can u plz give Pimblokto a happy ending like him getting a son wife and a apartment or make more pimblokto cooking
Such a harrowing tale of friendship and coming of age. I laughed. I cried. I made a healthy snack. I'm going to call my special robot friend and tell him I love him... before he incinerates me.
christ i just grabbed a glass of water before pressing play as i woke up to this video, YSAC spooks
omg I can’t believe Pimblokto is alive!!
0:37 when yousuckatcooking uses his normal voice
NOOOOO, Pimblokto I love you
Excuse me sir, but where are my doggos and song at the end?
I love how he made the video 9:59 long.  one second away from getting another ad
9:59 minutes absolute madlad
Oh yea yea
YES PIMBLOCTO
How could you do this to Pimblokto
This was published on my birthday
This was way better than the last jedi
best youtuber hands down
I'm crying
So instead of taking his own life, Pimblockto ate some magical desert berries and decided the best course of action was to murder his former best friend for kicking him out?
No pepper pepper pepper?
One more sec. And you could have got sum of that YouTube ad revv
SPAGHETTI SQUASH
The best part is that there's an underlying backstory that newcomers won't understand right away.
It unsubbed me for some reason what
Y am I crying
I JUST WANTED TO KNOW HOW TO MAKE CANDIED WALNUTS
good god I don't know how to feel. It's like all sad and confused and wtf. film theory has to explain this or something
Me and my dad were baking and I had to strongly resist the urge to say undo on threehundo
youre a cruel man
:( nOOOOOOO
5:23 im 99.9% sure he owns a green screen, those sights are just too beautiful
How did this video about nuts turned into a powerful and amazing story about a YouTuber and a robot? Why is sugar a liquid that a room temperature turns into ice? Why am I crying?!
You make me cry,  omg.
This video touched my  heart
PIMBLOKTO GOES SICKO MODE
Plinblonto! Yeah!!!
The amount of time put into this video is amazing
You litteraly travelled to the Grand Canyon to film this
Omg you’re so damn funny
I watched a how to basic video
exactly as fucked up as I could have only hoped, nice work
Room temputure sugar is ice, and Carmel is unfrozen sugar? MIND BLOWN
This is a fitting way to end 2018
this dude brought spatulas with hoses attached and grabbers to the grand canyon
Clever girl 🦖😂
I'm crying ;-; thank you ysac
8:45 omg face reveal!!
Pimbloktoooooooo
I almost cried
Remember when this video was about walnuts? Me neither
I have been watching youtube videos for 5 years now. I discovered this channel just today. Whatever is happening here is so entertaining and classy. 
And well, this is the first comment I ever made on youtube, and this channel is the first channel I ever subscribed. Whoever you are: great content! You are so funny, so mature and so talented. You are everything that is NOT wrong with our society now.
Why did this video make me emotionally unstable?
the ending was phenomenal
pimblokto yeeted your car lol
I think pimblokto ate a drug berry
We came here to get our self esteem destroyed, not our feels
You really gonna make me cry over a robot. Twice now😢
5:05 Was that a twenty one pilots reference? With the o with the slash and the ones and zeroes I thought he was referencing Morph.
The anti Iron Giant.
SPAGHETTI SQUASH
WHY ARENT YOU A MOVIE DIRECTOR!?
2:28 top ten most unexpected anime come backs

Also what music was used in that scene? 🤔

Also thanks for the likes (::)
You didn’t finish the walnuts.
This is the 2nd video I watch from him-
poor enblockto why didnt keep him
why is a pair of wangjanglers making me cry
he didn't stretch the video to 10 minutes.
Respect
Thanks for trying to help me go outside.
GIRL??
This is weird and beautiful
This is the origin story of how HowToBasic came to be
this is the only acceptable way to learn how to cook
Pimblokto NOOOO
the ending was sad
Honestly this episode made me really sad
What a nice cooking video on how to make candied walnuts. Definitely nothing else. Wouldn't it be crazy if it was something else?
cooking tutorial about candied walnuts, but still a better love story than Twillight
this deserves an Oscar
3:39  should be a movie called the awakening of pimblocto
This is how it ends
Why you gotta be so rude to my boy Pimblokto.
I thought this was gonna be a funny episode why the hell did you have to make me cry
Can't lie and say i expected to cry at such a well told story about a robot made of wangjangulars told over many moons, you clever bastard, well played.
Why am I crying right now, I just wanted to make nuts
Who else thinks he should be brought back
The two of you could use some counseling. Have you ever thought about going? Pimblokto may be willing to go... I mean even if you don't get back together, the two of you will be better because of it. It's worth it to just try.
you have easy acces to a lot of really beautiful places...
Plot twist: Pimblokto has a twin brother
very talented
Well.......... After seeing all the video....... The walnuts look great
Was this trending?
I read the title as Can die walnuts... yea
You are dope
Yo I have the same rug
That's... a surprisingly accurate representation of what being on hallucinogens is like
So creative!!! Love it
Pimp....
Blok...
Doe...
I love all your videos for pure entertainment I don't even cook
I‘m crying
"This video thoroughly explores various aspects of candied walnuts."

I got one aspect and was re-introduced to Pimblokto. 10/10 would make some candied walnuts again.
I thought this video was titled “candid walnuts” the whole time
tell me the robot reveal face pls
wow! that was deppresing
I just have one question the heck did I just watch 😂😂
I came for the Walnuts but now I am sad.
#letpimbloctobackinthekitchen
Pimblocto two electric Boogaloo
Subtle Benz flex
You're gonna' love my nuts.
PINBLOCKTOE NO
Dont miss the pan by a mile
Face reveal at 8:45
0:51 that’s the definition of a solid with a low melting point
I love the way he tells these surprisingly dark stories
That's really funny
😂😂😂I love these videos
I miss Pimblokto
Robby sent me
Now this is the high quality content we're craving on Youtube, excellent job
6:37 did He almost commit suicide? This got dark...
Holy crap you went to all these places just for this video
So
Whens the next episode of this robot
I’m trippin balls man.
YSAC is like a more serious version of HTB
Emblocto!
Where would you have to live to get all of these scenec shots it's insane loved the video
why u gotta be so rude about u cant be here
This video took more effort than my entire life
How do you make glass of water?
He reminds me of Tina from "Bobs Burgers"
yo this should be like a movie lmao
I’m actually ab9t to cry this story is s emotional
These dramatic parts are my fav parts
I never thought I’d care so much for a robot
Sugar is ice. Makes sense
Just come back plz I love pimblockto
I always watch videos and get inspiration.
At first, I watched an interesting cooking movie. But now I feel like it's a new genre that goes beyond the category of cooking movies. I'm sure many fans in Korea are watching. While watching this episode, I think I was positively influenced by making my own video and taking care of my channel. I watched it all the time, but I'm leaving comments for the first time
Thank you!!!
I came for buts but got kicked in the feels instead
This cured my sadness for 0.1 seconds before it turned sad again.
I spent $300 on the ingredients and all the stuff he mentioned. But best thing ever
Wait it showed up as a 10 min video but it became 9:59 wat?????
OMG, how many stoves have you gone through in the past 6 years? Oh yeah, I'ma miss Pimblokto...... And you probably deserved that. Thank you.
I would be lying if I said I did not shed a tear
This got real... fast
I thought this was an actual recepie
This is beautiful
sniff sniff
be nicer to the robot QAQ
You could have made it 10 minutes.
so dose that mean no mor pimblokto cause i liked him more
It’s a statement to stop a video at 9:59
y u no post more
Moral of the story: Dont eat random Berry's
That made me cry
is this... lore
This film is so good
My five year old is literally crying with worry over Pimblokto's future lol
There is some really deep YSAC lore to unravel
in case anyone's wondering the binary spells (unless i did it wrong) Y n  r7c1heuatee
 OR Y n  r7c±heuatee
. no idea what that means.
Storytelling at its finest.
Just made candied popcorn thank u
Luv u
Oh man my prehistoric walnut butterflies are flying all over the House, cause i forgot to eat them
So did you clean the floor or...
Is it weird that I am more emotionally attached to this robot then my own mother
OH NO it is terminator all over again
420/10
Very impressive but can you finish the Egg saga?
Arizona? Nice.
Another one please it was so good
0:38 NOOO
What did I just watch, and why did it take me this long to watch it
"NOT FIRST, BUT STILL RELATIVELY EARLY TO THE VIDEO" Team.

Edit: Can We get a Cookbook from you? That's all I ask
Why am I crying?
No!!
Didn’t Pimblokto say he could not eat in his first episode?
This made me cry
Pimblokto 2: Electric Boogaloo
I’m new and confused XD
You my good sir are an  *a hole to pimblokto
i lit cried
I want the god damn egg detective
Better then half the Netflix original series
Wow.
When did the plimblockto arc happen
..and he didnt stretch it to 10 minutes.
I love you
I've never clicked faster on a video in my life
Out of prison ani.sorry for dising you i regret it but ima leave u alone .if you like but im willing to see you the wright way i can ask your mom and plan it out ani way. See wat i dud there any way hope to hear from u soon
What a love story
Goodbye, Pimblokto :’(
OK what was that video about again?
The game changed after you found out Pimblokto could shoot fire
my feet look like wangjanglers
:(
I just wanted some nuts man
Better story then twilight
pretty nice way to make nuts
I knew something was gonna happen when he was don a minute and a half in
Was that the new Mars rover?
Poor Pimblocktow.....
Episode 83, "Candied Walnuts", will be discussed as lore for generations to come.
Nice ending
I cried.
We need film theory on this
this video is so weird and yet I feel sad now
Wait so pimblockto killed you? Who is gonna make new recipes now?
I have no idea what I expected, but it sure wasn't this.
When the binary code actually say "you can't be here"
Don't miss the pan by a mile.
No! I mean YES
I feel... such things.... about a not even real robot.
Why am I crying
I forgot about the walnuts
Gozinayi
You're channel seems pretty innocent until, I realized you defininately jangled your wang with a spatula.
Does this mean end of this channel
I want pinblockdow  back
What happened to pinblockto?
Well this was fun :3 i learned a lot. I learned that i have to abandon my friend to make candy :3
I can never look at Candied Walnuts the same way again
Did anyone else see that the video is 9:59 that sucks almost 10 min add  revenue
Who are you YSAC ... show me your face
i don't usually think this about people and things I like but you totally deserved it when you got shot
PINNBLOCKTOOOOOOOOOOOO :))))))))
This deserves an award of some sort....
UPLOAD MORE.
HES BACK
You know he isn't hungry for money when he stops the video at 9 mins and 59 secs.
PIMBLOKTO
If anyone was wondering, 5:05 actually translates to "You can't be here"
When you stumble across a video at 4 am, think you're learning how to candy walnuts. But you actually learned to feel the feels. Man I didn't know this channel until 15 minutes ago but watched the pimblokto saga. It's so touching! Please take him back!! He just wanted to be your friend!!! :'(
I’m so confused, but at the same time so impressed. could I get an explanation on what the story is or is this plimbokto’s whole story
6:39 it looks like a gnome on the cliff
Pimblokto: a YSAC story
Pimblokto!!!!
Yum, candied walnuts!
Oscar worthy film...
This video is a prediction for humanity.
Oh okay thats how you make candied walnuts
Deep.
Pimblockto?! Is back???
You come for the Cooking and stay for the story
let the nuts harden
typical oscar-bait film... suspect pimblokto is lined up for best supporting actor, though
I cried when he threw away the pics of them together
So pinblockto is never coming back?
Poor pimblokto :(
thats the story the end
You always deliver super quality content man, HATS OFF
this is a way better terminator movie than the last 2.
came here to learn how to cook, not for my feels to get hurt
Kaaa 7:30
This is so sad ;(
Like the brand
how did you know that i suck at cooking? But im actually good
let the nuts harden
I almost cried
I was way to focused on this video. It was so creative! My favorite episode by far! Continue the egg series please 🙌🏼
One meal one girip
Right in the feels.
i feel bad for pimblokto
Pimblockdoe 😢
Lovely. I'm so glad you continued the robot friend story. I cried so much.
Can you please make a compilation of the end closing songs? Especially the ones with dogs.
Am I the only one who found the music quite creepy when he found the prints in the sugar
Ysac=slimescicle
"Let the nuts harden"
wow that a lot of good tips on candied walnuts
9:59, an ad, and a dream
yooo all the hand fetishers are living from these videos
meh, the manga was better
SQUASH
Wang-jangler 😂
Poor plimbloxtp
He can shout lesers!!?!
This was by far my favorite episode so far even if only 1/4 of the video was actually about candied nuts! Amazing and I’m glad he’s getting to be free now it’s a lovely ending to this!
Ok I need to buy mitsubishi now
Movie. We need one.
Okay so ummm did that ending imply he lost his arm orrrr????
oddly inspiring
The angles.. sounds.. work.. so underrated and AMAAZINGG!!
This needs to be a movie
💜😭😢nooooooooooooooo
I cry every thyme...
Why you are so evil? Poor pinblokto
At 5:06, the second character ("o") is missing a digit. It should be "01101111," not "0110111."
FACE REVEAL PLEASE !!!
This is too much lore
Best thing I've ever watched.
It’s like asmr now I like the new mic
" Don't miss the pan by a mile " 😂😂
it just becomes a movie
So much drama but its not too much so i like it😊
So that was a 1/3 cup of floor sugar?
Love Pimblokto
i love u
Oof you were one second off 10:00 feels bad
Dude youre so weird. I love you.
We need to take a moment and put in fact that the video length is 9:59
Hello “Caw” Woah
I’m allergic to tree nuts.
N0 I mean yes.
who's waiting for ep. 84 of this great series of awesomeness?
The way you think is fascinating
Noooo
I mean yes
Not crying - terrified. Is Pimblokto now thinking about gunning down the rest of us faithless humans?
this is so sad
Man this channel is ridiculous lmao
Yay, the Pimblokto subplot is back!
Why did you leave her
How to basic 2:The new begging
Love the cooking and the comedy
why does this have to be so sad ;-;
This needs to be preserved in the Library of Congress
I do not suck at cooking at all
So original I love it!!
Does this work on other nuts?
this is sad😭😭😭😭😭😢😢😢😢😢cuz tabako
Totally epic! You do not suck at story telling!
I have found my favorite channel....
supra sadd
Hectic ending frick
5:22
A+ movie out of nowhere. That was better than the last avengers movie. Also I'm incredibly jealous of your hiking trips
HIMBLADO NOOOOOO
idontunderstand
Poor pimblokto
Seeya next month
Thank you for being, SO FREAKING weird
You should make a few more of these. How cool would it be if there were idk, first number that comes to mind is 82 more of these. I wouldn't even mind if a few suck as much as my cooking.
Who's here for the tutorial and nothing else
I’m mad at you.
let him be happy
im so depressed from these sad storylines ;(
Why did this make me cry
How did he eat the Berry tho? He can't eat food, he said so himself.
Well, there was an old way of keeping you robot buddy from murdering you. It was called the Roomba, Roombas were and still kept as robot slaves because as a payment for their ancestors killing their owners. Roombas are still being sold as slaves for cleaning. In memory of the innocent people that died because of robots, This is why Roombas exists.
I screeched when I saw the spatula track marks on the spilled sugar.
I keep feeling bad for the robot whose name I can't pronounce (pimblockdough?????????) For every picture used to show him where to not go 
Well, now we can see, an egg a day  leads the robot to the way- oh ._.)
Please keep pimblockto
Your heart is made of stone
:DDD nuts were made in under 2mins
I think I wanted to see pimblocto more than the video, "LONG LIVE PIMBLOCTO"
I can be here
....pinblockto wth....why......you used to be happy..
....pinblockto wth....why......you used to be happy..
This makes me depressed
you're really not gonna recycle that paper?
This made me slightly depressed
:p
Comblockto high af
When's the next part of the story
"NO!! 
I mean.. Yes."
its so sad
Happy New Years 😆
I cried
This is why I fear A.I.
Hey, um.
What? Lmao
Dont u mean 
ceeto
5:31 YOUTUBE WHORE
WTF.... did I jus watch
My family adds condensed milk to it and cooks it in the oven:/
Why am I crying
My friend, I have made a terrible mistake. On a lovely summers day I had tried to attempt a masterpiece of the candied walnuts. When i was placing the sugared nuts onto the metallic trey of which I call a baking pan, I had unknowingly made a mistake. Hoping to consume these was now a faint dream because I hadn’t used baking paper (or what the westerners may call parchment) I felt so embarrassed. No longer will I admit defeat, I wish to ask how may I remove these walnuts. It is urgent please respond.

Sincerely your friend from Australia
If you're dead now does that mean no more cooking tutorials?
Nice Jurassic Park reference.
This is amazing... The robot is perhaps ridiculous looking. However, the emotions are  real and the cinematography is beautiful. Never expected that the Pimblokto character to go that far. You never fail to amaze me, YSAC!!
LibBtard
I love this whole channel
He should be a movie director
You need to direct a movie
it actually brought tears to my eyes when i saw the footprints in the sugar
clever girl.
Any body else get anxiety at 6:36
Make a series called pimbloktos kitchen
less than 2 and a half minutes in and its already sad
Recipe: 2 mins

Video:10 mins
Is this Art?
Well at least i know how to make candied walnuts
wtf did i just watch😂
Who else thought he would jump
I wonder when he will do a face reveal and also show us what the robot guy looks like
2:28 music?
Thank you.
❤️
What tf am I watching
You should get william osman or michael reeves to actually make pimbokto
i love ur vids ur funny
Oh no hemblocto :(
I love your video
the song at the end makes me wanna nut. If anyone knows what it is, tell me please.
Lord of the Wangjanglers: Return of the Pimblokto
Did they really made those trips for this video? There are amazing views and where are those places?
4:44
Nuts and harden haha
Good for pinblocdo
This channel has transcended "cooking channel" status Long ago.
Is it bad that I almost cried
I’m glad pimblokto had a good ending.
my sister thought i was crying and i told her that there was invisible ninjas cutting onions
Can you make a video on how to make water?
Pimblockto how could u
Too much sugar tbh.
Squash
Noooo
Hey dude, this is one of the best channels here on YouTube, keep on going, love your vids
Ok but what did pimblanto even do to deserve being thrown out
😂 WTF?!?! 😭😢😔
Nigeria
candied walnuts? hah, that's for WEAKLINGS! a true macho man eats c a n n e d  n u t s
IT'S PIMBLOKTO!!! THE LIGHT OF MY LIFE, PRINCE OF MY HEART IS BACK!!! THIS IS THE CLOSEST THING TO LOVE ILLL EVER FEEL!!!!
So, how did the walnuts taste?
you're the food version of regular car reviews
When I saw the sugar my first thought was “why did he slap it with a wang jangler”
Why is a video about nuts so sad?
I don’t know how to make a glass of water so I guess I have to watch this video
9:59
9:40 is this even legal?
beautiful
I can’t see but I thought the thumbnail was a bunch of bugs
Nearly cried xd
………What do I do with The walnuts now that I dropped them everywhere? Also how about the sugar?
Pimblockto shooting CGI fire out of his hand is the best
Goodbye pimblokto try not to drop anything important
Awwww Pimbloktooooo
Epic
If this was made into an actual movie it would be the best movie on the face of the earth
ok he lives in nevada
0:90
Tfw a cooking show makes you feel more than most blockbuster movies of the year.
Anyone see the face near the right at 0:40
Poor Pemblokto.
liek dis if u cry evertim
Just saying I cried would be an understatement. It wouldn't do it justice. Something about this cut deep. You know how sometimes you get so sad your chest hurts? That's what this felt like. There was something melancholy, something beautiful and mournful about this.
I cant believe Pimblockto turned to drugs! He is so young!
I burnt the almodns
do bacon
Is this the end
Drugs, man.
Um, why did this make me cry??
It honestly hurts my soul that this is so freaking good.

My heart cant take all this emotion ;-;
Top 10 saddest Anime betrayals
I couldn't finish this episode. I was too scared😭
I remember when you had 50k+ subs....been a while...
Top 10 saddest anime death
What I love most is the meticulous attention to detail and planned cinematography
I'm not crying you are!!
Up next on Breaking Bad season 7...
Never do a face reveal.
why am i crying in the club rn
*dislikes for pimblocktos broken heart
This is making me cry
pimblocto sounds like ultron
Y cant u just love him, that's all he needs. Did you ever think to put his hard drive on a smol old laptop and let him live there, he only loves u man, ur all he wants!! D:
Poor pimblickto
So sniff beautiful... sniff
Hey! He finally got that hammer he was saving up for!
YOU’RE GONNA LOVE MY NUTS
My holiday is now complete. Thank you, YSAC.
A different type of nut happened when I got the notification
I'm so glad i clicked on this candied walnut video. I love this dude's video direction ! 
You have a new subscriber~ Me!
Good for Pinblockto moving on like that. Live your life, see the world, kill your ex room-mate, go on a road trip, have a good time.
The way the Crow cawed caught me so off-guard... Lmao
I forgot I was watching something about Candied Walnuts and now I'm crying. :)
HELLL YEAH HE'S BACK... Oh wait hell is bad.... HEAVEN YEAH HE'S BACK
Edit: never mind you ruined my life please bring pinblockto back
Did you drive to Arizona just to make a candied walnut recipe...
God dammit the pemblocto flashbacks always make me sad
Clicked on this video and got dinner AND a show
Nice video, Andrew Rea...
this is a cinematic masterpiece
pimblocto returns: the pimbloctoing
how to make a glass of water
Why am I crying
Noice
oh my go d
Touching
He will do pimblakto but not the egg series
😢
I actually held my breath when pimblockto was on the edge of the cliff😂
7:02 stay away from drugs kids
u do learn something every day.
i didnt know that sugar is a liquid but at room tempereture is ice
neat
YAY! HE UPLOADED! FINALLY! HORRAY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH PLZ UPLOAD MORE!!!!! Plz I luv you ❤️😍
Holy balls, what a trip. What. A. Trip. I was /so sure/ you were going to burn the sugar, but you nailed it! A roller coaster of emotion!

(nobutseriously, the effort you put in to make the cinematic experience, eliciting gasps of delight and surprise, you are a phenomenal creator and I appreciate you.)
This being the first video of yours I've seen, I am very confused yet delighted
Top ten anime betrayals
I would have never imagined candied walnuts to have been such a great adventure and full of wonder and suspense. Touche
isnt everything solid ice? on titan water is like granite, and the surface liquids are gas of methane ethane and propane
I need an album of nothing but ysac songs
Gelukkig nieuwjaar!!
So who uploaded this? He ded
Well happy wanjangley Christmas to us! Happy New Year YSAC!
Damn those feels
fav channel
my feet look like wangjanglers
wait... is this a goodbye? no more videos?
I feel so bad...
He is back....
8:59 Top 10 Anime Betrayals
0/10 needs more pepper pepper pepper
People say that Walnuts can help reduce allergic reactions...

But i"m allergic the walnuts... and pecans... and hazelnuts...




What-The-Fuq
That was amazingly shot. Great production and editing! Is this the end of YSAC?
If Plimboto accesses Cyberdyne Systems through Skynet, well, this will end very badly!
such deep lore for a channel that mocks you on your cooking ability's. XD but seriously great video 10/10 would YSAC again!
That really made me cry not cool
Pinblockdo seems to have moved to arizona lmaoo 🌵
Your videos are so entertaining that I watched this despite the fact I have a deadly nut allergy!
Such high quality I love it
This is EASILY better than anything on cable TV. I love this channel :)
Wtf
This is awesome
I thought this was gonna be about nuts
Has anyone found the music used in this video, I'd love to hear it seperate
How it feels to chew five gum
that 😭 was 😭 the 😭 best 😭 thing 😭 I’ve 😭 ever 😭 saw
This is the same guy as how to basic
You are heartless but still my hero..
PIMBLOKTO
Why am I crying over a fake robot and a fake robot roommate at 9 am on a Monday
UGOOOOO
yo the robot just strait up tried to kill him
Why no pimbloktoe
YSAC: The Pimblockdo Rises


Coming in theaters n e v e r
Ok I have already commented 2 time but I cried seeing this
ANYONE OF US WOULD BE HAPPY TO HAVE YOU BINBLOCKDO STAY WITH MEEEE😭😭😭
Better than birdbox
That made me cry. Oof
Why do I feel sad for a made-up robot on a Youtube channel?
This is so beautiful
let my homerobot be with you :(
1 second of ten minutes..
HES BACK
IM CRYING
Oh god I'm gonna cry
Is it the end or not?  yes or no
I started this recipe, and I walnut Fail!
0:48 I mean, you're not wrong
I was literally JUST watching your last video about pimblokdo
WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN TO PIMBLOKTO (IDK HOW TO SPELL SORRY)
there's a lot of onions in this soup.. or something.
Haven't you learned to not release your creations unto the world? Herbert West? Frankenstein? All cautionary tales against creating a monster and letting it roam free
1 more second and it could have been 10 minutes for the extra revenue
CLEVER GIRL
Did you say WHISK, I think you meant “wangjangle”
This is a guy who makes videos as a hobby, I love it. His jokes aren't overused and unfunny, and he isn't completely vulgar. Not you YSAC, I'm talking about Pimblokto.
this entire channel radiates chaotic neutral energy and I am LIVING FOR IT
You're like if god blessed how to basic with his son and binging with babish was the father. Or if binging with babish impregnated how to basic. Or if the man who would become your dad impregnated the woman who would become your mom resulting in you being born and eventually growing into who you are today. Nice tiny clothes on the chocolate BTW
“While the raver is an endurance athlete”
Look at those outfits- you made Haute Chocolate
Is this guy related to how to basic in any way ?
Those chocolates have more fashion sense than me.
to all who make hot coco with water,...






Hope you enjoy your time in the unholy cauldron of Ausmodeus when you reach hell
Even while he's insulting my bad taste I'm not offended
Next: water 34 ways
Its almost been a full year! WHERE IS PIMBLOCKTO?!
Robby sent meh because I suck at cooking
Who’s here because of Robby? :D (Just me?... ;-;)
👇🏻
what breed is that dog
like
my dog is identical
I hope you never reveal your face... It's your brand to be this unknown hilarious sarcastic dude
Robby sent me a link to watch this video
3:07 The way it cracked tho
I found one of your vids and now I’m binge watching all of them in 1 day
The raver bit hit me on a personal level
As someone who makes their hot chocolate through a packet, I feel extremely attacked.
He reminds me so much of Casually Explained for some reason😂❤
Chocolate, ChOcolate, ChOcolAte, ChOColAtE, CHOCOLATE, C HO CO LAT E !!!!!
robby sent me here ;-;
I wonder how long it took him to make those tiny clothes
You should make your own cookbook
No cinnamon hot chocolate
Unsubbed
(I'm kidding I like your videos keep up the good work o/)
Let's give you a name.. my suggestion DAVID ( cuz your friend is Devon ) . Guys give away your suggestions, we'll agree on the most voted!!!!
P.s: it would be easier for me when I am talking to my friends regarding him
Who came from robby?
Robby sent me to your channel 






Just letting you know if Robby also sent you fro his channel press this button
👇
I like drinking cocoa+milk very cold. Amazing feeling
Robby sent me and said thank you for fixing my wabs 🤗
Declumpification = WANGJANGLE
LOL!  "Cuz that's how ya burn ya PAyants!"
Me: Shakes almost empty Nutella jar with hot milk vigorously
Extra lazy way:
Heat up chocolate milk in the microwave for around a minute. If you’d like to go another 3 meters add some cinnamon, like 1/8-1/4 teaspoon, you do you.
Robby sent me here AND PLZ THANK ROBBY
When he did the marshmallows vs _ I was just like YESSS SO TRUE.
PUT WHIP CREAM AND CHOCOLATE SHAVINGS ON HOT CHOCOLATE
this is the only person on YouTube who hasn’t changed 





at all
Roby sent me sub 2 Roby
YSAC.
YOU WERE ON TV 
THE SHOW "Right This Minute"  PLAYED THIS VIDEO
Thank you for helping my WABS 😂
Did your music skills actually get better from the early episodes, or did you just actually start trying harder?
Came for the hot chocolate. Stayed for the slow motion puppy

10/10, just the right amount of chocolate to dog ratio
Has anyone ever actually tried using one of his recipes? Some of these seem like they'd actually be decent
Watch Robby he is a YouTuber
I get chocolate milk and just microwave it
It is December 23, 2018. 1 year after pimblokto died.
"Marshmellows are like reverse bubble tea"

Woah
Life hac: 3 teaspoons=1 tablespoon, just use a tablespoon of honey
Robbobler sent me
What am I seeing 

Btw Robby sent me
Yo Robby told me to sub to
you
I really loved how you broke down social constructs and revealed that deep down we are all just... chocolate?
I love the songs in these videos! One of my favourites here. Keep making this stuff man, it’s amazing!
no Patreon ???
pwalease? 
must SuuPproT!
I love your videos so much, you're  funny as hell! Also the end was amazing 😂
wow i hate you I LIVE MARSHMELLOS
THEY DA BEST
This dude HAS to be Canadian
I came here many times before but I just keep watching his vids over and over + Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
You're kind of like a calmer version of how to basic
I was here sent by tori boyfriend
Edit:
Aka Robby
who cares about the cooking. this man is a musical genius
I like your pet dragon, nice fur.
Robby sent me love ur video
So this guy made a song , designed costumes and gave personalities to all of his chocolate bars and cocoa containers just to make a hot chocolate tutorial. 💯
wdym?
just put some chalk 'o' let in the onion. Smh
bone apple tea
Omg the baby fetish part
So wholesome!!
Is it just me or is everyone only here because you clicked the link in Robby’s video
Wow I feel self conscious about using the chocolate powder packets now
What is a whisk? All I have are wang-janglers.
Robby sent me and thanks for fixing my wax.
I came here from robbie
Its like he read my mind...
How did he know i suck at cooking?
I'm going into surgery in a couple of days so my anxiety is growing a shitload but I watch this and it literally made my day and helps my anxiety so much so thank you
False. The Man-baby will be eternally judged. They made hot chocolate with water.
Dude, props for making all those props.
Did he actually just reference Shakespeare at the end????!
Who else is from Robby's channel 😊
Could i get permission from YSAC to open a restaurant with all the recipies to serve
Turning the 'mmmmm's into harmonies was genius
1 cup of milk, 1/2 cup of condensed milk, sugar to your liking, 3 tbsp of good cocoa powder,  1/2 tsp of  instant coffee,  1/4 tsp of cinamon and pinch of salt.
Robby sent me :3
Robby sent me and thank for fixing our wabs
Acording to this video's mention of W.A.B.S, hot chocolate should now be considered chocolate broth
Why isn't chocolate milk called cold chocolate
This guy is a total fool! I frikken love him. And to be honest, when i make some new dish i first look to see if he has a vid on it because believe it or not his cooking instructions and recipes are totally legit, easy to make and simple enough that it takes the fear out of cooking for me. And it seems like he made he's videos just for me because... you guessed it  - I suck at cooking! I can't get enough of this guy! Keep it up man! I watch your videos even when I'm not interested in making the dish just because I end up LMFAO!!! 😘
The narration of this priceless documentary tho 👌
Boba tea not bubble  tea
Honestly you go so above and beyond it’s inspiring. You deserve happiness because you radiate it... this was amazing.
Time spent making hot chocolate: 15 minutes.

Time spent making chocolate costumes and writing a hot chocolate song: 15 days
You make my day thanks 🤣🤣❤
Robby sent me meeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
You remind me of casually explained
God damn it. I am going to end up watching all their videos, arnt I?
What’s a whisk? I thought that was a wired wangjangler..
I actually made the first one and it was really good. 😂
Who ealse came from robby
I love your videos. They are just... I don't know how to describe them. Just right.
The best food I can make is ramen....



With a packet.
Finally, a recipe I can actually make

But regardless, I won't
This honestly beats HowToBasic, I ACTUALLY learn kinda
It's like how to basic where you actually learn something lol
Watches video 
"Mmmm" that's a damn good video"
Robby sent me XD (btw you hilarious)
Now make a fruit punch by punching fruit
Let it be known from now on, that this will be the first step on my journey of watching this wonderful channels videos, that the shear quirkiness and effort put into this video has made a new fan with only one viewing of your channel.
3:07 ok but how did that chocolate crack in a perfect swerved line.
I use a cup of 35% cream. I can feel my heart afterwards
That song sounded legitimately good.
I prefer hot chocolate as I chug boiling milk and chew on chocolate
Robby sent me
Robby sented me
robby sent me here
DANG WOW YOU $U¢K AT COOKING
I usually don’t subscribe after watching just one video but...
the music at the end sounds like flight of the concords....
loved his narration.BTW just found the channel.
You're imaginary ambition aren't you? I swear to god both channels are similar in like humour and premise just that this one's cooking XD
Robby sent me
WHERE DO I GET CLOTHES FOR THE CHOCOLATE!?
Robby sent me 🥰🥰😍🥰😍😘😘🥰😍🥰😛🥰😘😘🥰you sound super depressed
Who else came here from Robby? Lol
Robby sent my here.
Please never stop making these, I don't even care what you teach me to make, origami, furniture, I'll still watch it
Robby sent us
Robby send us to fix are WABS (LOP)
Those chocolate bar also made from packing powder...
Robby sent me thx for fixing my wabs!
Here is a toast for pimblokto
ROBBY SENT ME!!!!!!!
I tried adding my mixtape to the hawt chocolate and it became -50 C tips?
Robby sent me and omg your funny
have you considered putting your outro songs someplace for download? they're actually really chill to listen to sometimes
thank you, you used milk instead of water unlike the gross barbarians.
Hey Robby what's me to wach you😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
I made my hot chocolate with dark chocolate, maple syrup, vanilla, and cinnamon, and i added a little cube of butter in it. Its really really good that way lol 😂
Who else is here from robby
Like if Robby sent you
I make my hot chocolate from a packet. I feel attacked by this video
no one's talking about how AMAZING those little outfits are! the tiny converses ohmygod
I'm tripping over all the props this guy can make
I WAS SENT BY ROBBY
I didnt have maple syrup or vanilla extreact so i used cought syrup
Just boil some chocolate milk
I came because of robby
Robby sent you
Robb said start watching you and he said if we start waiting you he understands because your more funny then him
Ronny was said that so impressive
Can we just appreciate for a second how he dressed up the chocolate?

K Thanks
Oof. Idk how you can drink that stuff man. I just tried it and even before the Rumchata, it was T H I C C
Nice try you put a cute dog video to add duration so you'll got more money. Good job it works 😂
Thanks for the recipe with the ginger I also added some cinnamon which maked it even better
I agree with the marshmallow bit they should never be in hot cocoa
I don't like ginger... But i like awesome things.




What do i do?
Did you actually make fckin outfits for bars of chocolate?






I love youuuuuuuu
Honestly, it depends what marshmallows you use. Pascal marshmallows are 👌🏻
You're like howtobasics helpful brother
Oh boy I laughed so hard in the train 😂
When are we getting a closure to the Egg Saga ?
Marshmallows vs everything I can't have because of my braces
i just discovered your channel, and it's great
they had us in the firs half no gonna lie 2:08
Robbie sent me
YOU THE WORST  YOU SAY BAD WORDS AND YOU ARE NOT NOJIBLE AND IM A ROMANIAN THATS WHY I SPEL bad
Daily dose of Internet and You suck at cooking are two blessings we don't deserve😭😂
💗😂You're my new favorite person😂💗
Loving it

Nothing else to say
In full disclosure, I do not know how to operate a chainsaw.
Just back from Robby
Robby Sent Me Here, Robby Said To Say That, He Say To Say That Other Thing Too!
Robby sent me
Should you put marshmallows in hot chocolate, awnser: yes
why is no one talking about the fashion in this video?!
You need to make poem or a song or something 🤪
I finally get the intro! Its saying I suck at cooking! LOL!
Man those wabs get you every time
robby sent me here
I love how the hot chocolate video is  longer than some of the big dishes
Like if Robby sent you!!!
Your songs made me watched your videos
I am in love with you.
Please make a good mince pie recipe as Christmas is coming up and I want to impress the in-laws
Add a half spoonful of creamy peanut butter. Life changing
robby sent me
ROBBY SENT ME
LOL @ "If you don't like awesome things..."
Hell ye tell em what they're missing out on

EditL Oh my god the script. I'm DYING.
Making these in 80 degree florida weather was the best and worst idea I've ever had
"the hottest chocolate of them all" (the naked one) 😂😂😂😂 dead
robeyy sent me
I like marshmallows BUT...
YSAC...
There's people who serve them at Thanksgiving on top of sweet potatoes.
~shutters~
every single time i've seen the thumbnail for this video in my recommendations it's looked like a chocolate flan on a plate
Directions not clear, sent my toaster to space
robby sent me
give this a thumps up if you came here from Robby
Just tried the 85% chocolate recipe, probably one of the best hot chocolates I had in my life
Robby sent me🤣
I'm glad I'm not the only one who dislikes marshmallows. Floaty pillows of disappointment
ROBBY SENT ME
Anyone else die when they realized the "surfer" chocolate's surfboard was just a leaf he picked up from outside and painted red? 🤣🤣🤣
I now identify as "lumbersexual".
Robby sent me! 😊
I always love when there's the happy dog montages at the end 🐶🐶🐶
By far, the best dog of em all.
I always love the last part when there's dog running it cures my depression.
WHO'S DOGS ARE THOSE
Edit: ???!!!!?!!?!?
You are the f**ing best
Robby sent me lol
THATS A D A M N GOOD HOT CHOCOLATE
Can you make a video on left over thanksgiving meals
Sent By Robby to fix your wabs
Still waiting for the egg series to continue
Robby sent me
Sour keys? That's a new one to me
Robby send me, NO WABS!
I was send by Robby.
i want to know how long this masterpiece of a video took to create cause holy shIT—
I will name my future future pet which will be a cat "Hawt Chocolate"
Robby sent me
Robby sent me here he's the best
robby sent me
Idk why but I think you have a nice voice.
Finally, someone who agrees with my contempt for marshmallows.
Robby sent me
Marshmallow logic make me luv YSAC again
Robby sent me👦🏼
Is this you coming out to us about your ddlg kink except reversed and somehow represented metaphorically by chocolate
@ Robby sent me go sub to him he’s halarious
Robby said me to you
Damn that lumberjack was hot
Best hot chocolate ever!!
⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️⬇️

2 tablespoons Sugar
2 teaspoons of cocoa powder
1 pinch salt

put ingredients in mug.

In separate cup microwave 1 cup of milk, 

mix with cocoa mixture. 

and add 1/2 teaspoons of vanilla extract.

Microwave more for Maximum H♨️TNESS

MMMM MMMM DONE
Your production value is through the roof. love the content very well done  Happy Thanksgiving
You should make a cooking website with all your really good recipes 😀
Robby sent me
Um... Basically the thing about marshmallows is you're supposed to mix them to make a light, sweet froth
Shit i finally mad something from his videos (the first hot cocoa) and it is DAMN good!
where can I buy hot milk ?
Any chance of an extended edition of the doggo running int he woods?
Ha! A thousand triggered marshmallow fans!
you're like joanna ceddia's boy twin
4:51 best part
Robby sent me here and he said thanks for fixing his wabs
Never add salt to milk or any milk products except yogurt.
Ive been sent by Robby
KOKO? DID U SEI KOKO?! 🐽
don't EVER attack marshmallows like that ever again
Robby sent me
S T R O O P W A F E L S
Robby sent me
This hot chocolate is hotter than hell
Roby sent me
Robbie sent me
You kinda sound like exurb1a
Robby sent me
I live in a country that doesn’t have winter, so to truly appreciate the hot chocolate, I shut myself in an air conditioned room and enjoyed the hot chocolate with marshmallows. 
It was good.
roby sent me
ROBBY SENT ME HERE
Robbiy
Robby sent me
What a sweet puppy.
Holy shit at the effort and time put into this video about hot chocolate.
Robby fu””” sent me
reverse bubble tea... LOLOLOL
Wasn't this uploaded a long time ago?
Hot chocolate is a dish best served in a chipped mug
U should make bubble tea
ROBBY LEFT THE CHAT
I ALMOST FORGOT ABOUT WABS LOL
Do you have subtitles in Portuguese, please? I'm Brazilian and I love your videos.
This is bull crap!  It is the holiday season and it seems like everyone has forgotten Pimblokto.  🤦‍♀️
ROBBY SENT ME!
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
I cant tell if these are legit recipes or not.
It hurts when I pee
English speakers cannot pronouce "stroopwafel" correctly... It does sound very funny when you try XD
Robbie sent me
Bisexual confirmed
Is it only me who think of someone with semi long hair and beard when you hear his voice?
Mexican (style) hot chocolate. Melt that dark dark chocolate, cinnamon, nutmeg, clove, allspice, and cayenne. Do it.
Robby sent me😄😀
The simply nailogical of cooking...
Roby sent me
i love the videos, but you make me to damn hungry
I feel like the songs are half the video production 😂
Roby sent me here i think your better
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I LIKE ROBBY BETTER
LOL reverse boba tea
Robby sent me c:
Bring back pimblokto
Dude I hate WABS so much
Robby is better
Robby sent me
Robby Told me to sud
Surfer chocolate has great abs.              You made little clothes and dressed your chocolate bars. Bless you.
no ads on this vid ?
I'm dying at the Twin Peaks references!
Hey ,  Robby Sent me here and i thought u were not going to be that good... BUT I LOVE UR VIDEOS!!!!
This episode somehow has good cooking recipes. Why was I not expecting that?
The shade at people who use package hot chocolate lmao
I came for the food.




Stayed for the doggy :D
Who came from Robbie
Poor gringos. They think it never gets cold in the tropics lololololololol
Robby sent me c:
I kind of wish he would produce full songs. He is really talented!
Your voice is so pleasing to listen to
Robby didn’t send me here...




...He totally did...😐
koko n9w!¡
What happens if you mix all those main chocolates?
He’s just sitting there, making his chocolate dolls and chocolate fan fiction.
I was watching Robby and he told me to watch this
robby sent me
There is no proof that he has an upper body, other then his arms and hands.
mind blown
Also, stay awesome.








Where is your next video it's been a month? XD Kidding
I referred people to this video to fix there WABS
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Canadian best hot chocolate  powder:Tim Hortons
Thank you for your wits and mastery 😁
Literally the best youtuber. Can't even complain
I heard the intro and subscribed
Sent by robby
Robby sent me
Roby sent me
Thot chocolate?
robby sent me
Robby said to watch you
This program is a mix of binging with babish and how to basic and I love it
Robby sent me
We all love some hot lumber sexual cocoa powder 😋🤠👌

 Edit:wtf i never had so many likes,Thanks.
Robby sent me
I don't have a whisk. Will my wangjangler do?
Robbie sent me
Please dont ever stop making videos
bro make an album for your YSAC music
Roby sent me
W H A T A R E Y O U D O I N G ? ? ?
Robby sent me here too watch your video I like it 😻
Now I think the narrator is a dog O_O
Instead of honey could I use some leftover cursed sugar?
adult baby history is just sick!, but i want my hOt  chOcolate AnyWay with extra sarcasm ,
Your funnier than robby
Robby sent me like if u the same
Roby telled me to watch you ☺☺☺☺☺
this is chaotic neutral energy at its finest
Robby sent me you was being funny
robby sent me
Robby sent me
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) that's some hot chocolate
this is one of the best songs I've heard in a while
Robby sent me
robby sent me
ROBBY SENT ME!!!
Guys what is stirring? I only know what wangjangle means.
Robby send me
My recipe: Grab a medium-sized to small pot (to your reference).
fill it about halfway with milk and half and half.
let that warm up but just bearly not boil.
Put in a teaspoon of vanilla extract.
5-7 tablespoons of sugar in the raw depending on your batch size, pot size, etc.
a quarter cup to a half cup of 60% baker's cocoa
add a teaspoon of cinnamon and heat until almost curdling and serve. Should make for a real cozy cup of cocoa
( recipe usually makes 2 and a half cups)
Robby sent me
Do you speak hungarian? By the way I like your videos
Who else has seen every single one of these?
I love this channel !!!
Robby sent meh
For my own reference, First recipe:
1 cup milk
2 tablespoons cocoa powder
Pinch of salt
3 tsp honey

Second recipe:
1 cup milk
4-6 squares semisweet chocolate
1/2-1 tsp brown sugar
1/8 tsp ginger powder 

Third recipe:
1 cup milk
3 squares 85% dark chocolate
2-3 tsp maple syrup
2 drops vanilla extract

Thanks for the teaching another idiot (me) how to make hot cocoa! -and being funny while doing so :)
I'm from Robby.   Thank him.
I liked the part about the dog.
but i like carnation :/
ROBBY SENT MEEEE
Why don't you give the brands? That's the most important part
Is this what people actually watch? Like, voluntarily?...
I prefer hot chocolate foursomes but whatever
Robbie sent meee
Robby sent me ok
Sure dude, I'm lazy because I don't want to clean up tons of pots/pans, utensils and buy tons of expensive ingredients just to make hot chocolate
Maybe for a special occasion like Christmas or if you're doing it for a family but if you're one person who drink it everyday than fuck doing all this, just buy some good hot chocolate from the stores
robby sent me
I don't have a wisk. Can I use thoughts and prayers to declumpify it?
Robby sent me
robby sent me
BOOOO LIKE ROBBY BETTER
Seven ways to say Hot:
Hot
Hawt
Haute
Hõte
Haut
Really warm
Not cold
Robby sent me
robby sent me
Been here before 20k luv u fam
Robby sent me
My friend called you and your channel dumb, I didn't do anything about it but just imagine I did.
Conment if Robby sent you here
Hawt chocolate? Begins melting toblerone bars into a skillet
robby sent me
This is the best video ever
The outfits are so cute. Aw. You didn’t had to but you did them anyway. So cute.
Do a face reveal!
sent by robby
ROBBY SENT ME
Robby sent me
#2 on Trending? I'm proud of you, my man!
Robby power
"Mmmmm that's a damn good hot chocolate"
Robby sent me
Your dog is so cute love you put it at the end
Add some pepper pepper pepper and set the undo on 4hundo
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
I guess you are not too crazy about marshmellows
How did I not come across this channel all this time !!!
 I'm binge watching all his videos.
Robby sent meh
Robby sent me
That marshmallow thing really was about to make me question subscribing you, but than you gave it a chance and suddenly Everything was OK again
robby sent me !!!!!!!
lmao ''stroepwafel''

I bet every Dutch person was laughing at that point.
Robby sent me
Robby send us but i am a pro at cooking i am better than you
I was sent by robby
2:16 you use water instead of milk for your Swiss Miss your point is invalid
This is - excuse me - a damn fine hot chocolate
Robby sent me 😀😀
ROBBY SENT ME
Robby sent me
Robby sent use
What a relief.
There's has been such a long time between episodes I feared that you might have lost your edge. I've seen this happen with successful youtube content creators. All the success goes to their heads, they become jaded doing the same videos over and over. The ideas become repetitious and boring. After awhile instead of hand crafted hot chocolate they are buying the packets and passing it off as gourmet. I am relieved to say you still got it.
this seems like it would actually work
I make my own hot chocolate mix by dehydrating chocolate and powdering it and finally mixing it with sugar
I've never found a channel that's made me question my sexuality and identity as a whole this much before.
Robby sent me
I came from robby
By the way Robby sent me
😂😂😂😂
Robby sent me to watch this
I feel like a lot of work went into this video....
4:43 this is the man who stars in COSTA advertisements
YAS LETS GO ROBBA
Robby sent me
0:45 well, not according to the Norse...
I don't like marshallows in my hot chocolate. And I like it thicc
I just skipped to the dog part
Doggy montage is back!!!!
The dog running at the end was perfect!
Robby sent me
Chocolate milk is just cold brew hot chocolate.
Wtf is this video ? 🤦‍♂️
robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
How to basic / binging with babish
Robby sent me
Robby told meh to come
He missed the mug handle 4:29 LOL
Robby said you
robby sent me to your channel
Robbie sent me.
i just pour up some milk, throw it in the microwave and then add some cocoa and sugar
WTF did I just watch? This shit is awesome
Robby Sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me!
But 3 teaspoons of honey is also a tablespoon.
Rooby sent me
Dude I seriously can't believe you forgot the recipe I just made up in my head where you put a couple bags of peppermint tea in the milk and let it stew before adding the cocoa and honey.
This popped up in Pets-topic
Robby sent you
you got the non-clothed one wrong its a nudist chocolate
He should make another Sandwich of justice for Christmas
Sometimes when I watch your videos I wonder if you are the real Tina Belcher.
robby sent me this
Thank you, YSAC! Very cool!
I love how at first he thinks marshmallows are gross but then he tries it and his crotch exploded
Robby sent meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
2:23 you mean abdl
Robby sent me
Did he just call hot chocolate broth? This is truly the best cooking show on the internet.
I told my mom that I preheated the onion and she's confused at why I was laughing so much
Robby sent me
I mean nothing beats homemade hot choccy with marchmallows and whipped cream in a cup that's like 3 times the recommended daily intake of anything
Robby sent me
When you see it's 6 minutes long and immediately know there's a jam included.
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
You could make a movie out of the stories from the ingredient
Robby sent me
This makes my soul smile
Robby sent meh :3
ROBBIE SENT ME......... ;)
This man could be the hash-slinging slasher and no one would know
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
For the 1% of people randomly scrolling through the comments...



Have a great week and a happy Thanksgiving ❤👍
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Sorry but im going to need to disagree with this one mate...
The correct recipe is to add 1 drop of milk to a 1kg tin of milo. Make sure you DONT stir it, then enjoy.
Robby DIDN'T send me.
Robby sent me
Roddy sat me
DAMN BOI GOOD HAWT CHOCOLATE
Don't tell me I was the only one humming along at the end...
I love the dog video's to songs! It's gold Jerry. GOLD!
Who else was sent by Robby?
Robby sent me
Okay, listening to the song at the end... why doesn't this have 1m views??
Robby sent us! well me 😂
Release a damn album already
Come for the humor and cooking, stay for the dog.
Upload more pleeeeaaaaasssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
YSAC: Finally finished the hot chocolate episode, Time to go steal a neighborhood dog to get some slow motion dog footage...
my favorite part
Like if Robby sent you👍👍
Rody set me
hawt chawklit
robby sent me
Is it weird that I drink hot coco cold?
This is my first comment. Yet I’ve been watching this since January last year
Robby said hi
I think you might been always having gay issues but your videos are good
Robby Sint me first time watching
Add a little half-n-half in along with a pinch of that ginger.  Good times. 😎
What did the man chocolate say to the woman chocolate?

bad joke warning

Hey hot chocolate~!
Robby sent me !
Swiss Miss, instant piss
ROBBY SENT ME!!!!
Why did I just now discover this amazing channel?? Just got a new subscriber!
Hey Robby sent me XP
robby sent me...
is he in drug
Ur voice is soo sothing :)
Pls be an voice actor, your voice is like honey which runs down my body
Robby sent me 🙂😊
I'm so happy for bob and his partner.
Robbie set me
Finally someone understands me  marsh mellows don’t taste dat god
No joke I was drinking hot chocolate when I saw this and i almost never make hawt chocolate.
Robbie sent me
What does was mean Robby i watch your vedio
"Mmmm..That's a damn good hot chocolate."
Oh yeah yeah
"If you live somewhere hot, you can still make it during the winter of your discontent." 😂
Robby bruaght me here
Robby sent me
Robby sent me to u so u better sub to him =>=
Robby sent me :/
This guy is living in 2239 where sexually identifiable choclate exists.
This was on the television. Im quote
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
@Robby sent meh
0:46 the deepest circle is cold (at least according to Dante)
Is no one gonna talk about how good the song in this one was??? Like, I've been humming it for MONTHS.
Who else did Robby sent them lol if it you to like
Robbie sent me.
I honestly thought I found another person who doesn’t like marshmallows. I was wrong.
My one question is how do you get to hang out with so many good dogs?!
Hey Robby sent me
Robby sent me hear
I like to make hot chocolate with espresso and chocolate chips, which is probably a sin
Robby sent me 😀
I found out Devon put marshmallows in my homemade hot chocolate.
Is he already fired?
Robbie sent me
Robbie sent me
Robby sent me.
This just kicks tasty, bon appetit, epicurious, etc. our of the industry
Felt proud when I understood what he meant when he said to check it for WABS
Robbie sent me
Two packets of hot chocolate mix per mug and splash it with heavy cream.
btw i love your dog
What kind of dog is that? My sister has one that looks just like yours and we havent been able to figure out what she is. Got her from the pound and they said she was a mut
Robby     Ant.    Me
Robby said he sucks at cooking and your more funny
Robbie sent me
ROBBY SENT MEEE
If YSaC challenged Gordon Ramsey it wouldn’t be fair. 




For Gordon Ramsey of course.
Robby sent me so I am HERE
You should watch life is fun.
ysac binge to end my 2018
this dude is awesome lol
The music reminds me of the "Flight of the Conchords" 😂
Robby send us bere
daddy, when are coming back. its been 3 weeks.
This spaceship makes beautiful music
Wow! ✌🏻HOT✌🏻 chocolate so ✌🏻HOT✌🏻 😂
According to Dante, in the lowest level of hell is a lake of ice imprisoning Lucifer; Milton’s Hell is completely void of any warmth or light. Theologically you could say your god is the source of heat, light or any activity, then the counter or lack of that god’s presence and activity would be the most extreme form of nothingness, a frigid darkness, quintisencial entropy.
(_(_):::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::D
Robby sent me here
robbie sent me
Too sweet
that's a damn fine twin peaks reference.
Im suprised you didn't touch on the mint spectrum
Robby sent me here meh
You’d think this is simplistic but I Genuinely Struggle at making hot chocolate and I Need Help
That moment you realize chocolate is poisonous to dogs.
Robby sent me here bro
Robby sent me to watch you
Robby sent us to your Channel
Brb. Cooking some hot chocolate
Hi robby sent me
You're hot chocolate 😉





Ily. Thanks for good entertainment.
Robby sent me here
Robby sent me.
the song at the end is perfection.
That's such a big jar of ginger
Homemade marshmallows are amazing and really help with hot chocolate too. FAR superior to the bagged stuff
Man that doggo is magnificent
ok.


make a homemade chocolate mix (aka powdered sugar and cocoa powder mixed together. adjust amounts to your liking.) and put about three teaspoons in your mug. boil water and put in enough that there's room for milk (varies on how milky you want it, or how cold you want it.) add your desired amount of milk. put in marshmallows if you wish to do so, and enjoy.
You should do a mukbang
Robby said hi
I am constantly taken to new culinary heights with YSAC
Robby sent me here ^^
I'm waiting for your next video
GIVE IT THE OL' RAZZLE DAZZLE
I only watched this video because of robby
The twin peaks reference though!!
I'm disappointed there was no cayenne in these.
ABDL Wants to know your location
Ok so I know how to make hot chocolate...
But how do I make hawt chocolate?
Who else is drinking hot chocolate while watching this
Robby sent me
Can you do a video on the different from cooking in a microwave and a oven?
2:51 also the only one that's naked
Robby sent me😂
I perfer the Artsy-Hot-Semi-Sweet-Baking-Chocolate 
What do you guys perfer? Lol
The story was nice :)
The last hot chocolate is actually pretty good
Robby sent me here he is a youtuber
I don't suck at cooking my pot is just imitating you
Great video and I loved the extremely happy dog at the end!!!  Good stuff.
Robby told me to watch you
I use serve cups.
UPLOAD MORE
Robby sent me here.
Robbie send me to this video Robbie's
Homemade marshmallows are where it's at
Robby told me to get sent to you
Try it with some Cinnamon!
You’re the funniest out of all the cooking channel in YouTube
Also some folks add heavy cream. What say you folks?
Robby  ent
I like food Drama scenes 😆
The hotness from this vid is enough to get me through three fourths of January.
Anyone here  from Robby
I.actually.don't.like.the.intro
!!! What kind of dog is that!? I can’t believe Im just now watching this channel ! Thank you for the laughs ^.^
Yup Robby sent me to
My cat actually watched this video with me xd
Robby Said that you are better than him
This video helped expose 1.5K big adult babies to their own flaws.
Robby send
Robby sent meh herr
Robby sent me and he said thank you
I remember when that dog was just a puppy! Guess I’ve been following your channel for a while
oi Robby sent me
Robby sent me and he was right about you being funny😂
Bless you, you beautiful soul for this video🙏💖
Robby
Robbie send me
omg ur videos got entertaining
Roby Sent me
Is anyone here from Robby lol
He reminds me of daily does of the internet.  Next video "Meet my Twin brother"
robby sent me
Plz do a ysac about fruit salad
Can we have a Pimblokto tribute video?! Pppllleeeaaassseee!!!
Roby sent me to you
yo the mixtape is fire
rooby all some sales  said to watch this if you want no wabs
robby sent me
This is a damn hot video.
robby sent me
robby sent me
Who else came from Robby?
The song at the end has been stuck in my head since this video came out. Is the music from ysac available anywhere?
If I was rich I would give you your own restaurant where you talk to each and every customer as you make their food
Robby sent me!
Robby sent me thx for fixing my wabs
stroepwafel
Yo mate, why is his upload schedule 1 video every 1 month, and it’s been a month which means he should be uploading real soon
An incredible chef and songwriter. Who could resist you?
No one cares if Robby send you, the door is that way <—————————
I agree that stroopwafels are better then marshmallows.
Robby
Robby sit me  here
that's one ruggid and wise lookin pupper if I've ever seen one





also thx for the recipes, definitely gonna try ginger in hot chocolate some time soon
okay but marshmallows always beat an unexpected raisin in a supposedly good carrot cake or chocolate cookie
Robbie brought me here
robby sent me
Lmao Robby sent me
I love this channel so much. Kudos YSAC!
Robby send me
I don’t like marshmallows at ALL
I dont have Black Chocolate ... is this Slab of black Painted Coconut Fat fine too?
If you want a faint maple flavor add an extra teaspoon of lumbersexual cocoa powder
Robby
Where's your other puppy?!
U r awesome
I was sent from robby
That end transition, to the song. Masterful.
Excuse me can I marry you
Robby sent me
Tobuscus??
I don’t think you can get WABS with hot chocolate because it ain’t a broth
Can we get him on like Hell’s Kitchen or something please
You remind me of Imaginary ambitions
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me to your channel and he said your more funny
Checkin back in to your vids after a while I can't believe you have 1.5M subs! You honestly really deserve it!
I just came for the music
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby call you
60% of the comments are saying what's whisk i have a wangjangler
19% something cool*
1% my comments
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Who's this robby everyone is talking about? I wanna know lmao
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent meh
roby sent me over
Marshmallow, but not the cheap brand one
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Could you like please do two videos a month? This once a month thing kills me!!!!
Robby sent me
I love your vids keep up the good work
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
That was hilarious
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
brb putting marshmallows in all the hot chocolate
My guy ur really funny
bob ross of cooking
Ill take a hot chocolate hold the... everything besides the chocolate bar
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent us
Ground ginger is so good in hot chocolate!I made one just now and it made MY hot chocolate amazing (3 squares of dark chocolate 1 white chocolate 1 teaspoon cocoa powder a pinch of salt, a pinch of instant coffee and sugar to taste)
The legend returns.
YES YOUR ALIVE
You need your own show
stroopwafels??? i see dutch guy
hallo alle nederlanders die dit kunnen lezen en ik neuk je moeder als je voor psv bent
Robby sent meh
Robby sent me
that's  a damn good video.....
1:32 151 rum by jid
"haute"
Robby sent me
First!




To say have a nice day!
This channel is basically jackfilms if he cooked
now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by the sun of suck
What fat percentage should the milk be
Robby sent me
Yes, I enjoy your humor and the extra parts of the video but I actually like to try to use these recipes. Since I'm too indecisive to find some myself, thank you.
Robby sent me im here to assasinate you
Marshmallows are so good wtf
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me


Edit:omg thanks for soo much likes
Robby sent me
Robby sent me!
Robby sent me ........
Robby sent me
Every time you upload I get sooo happy

10/10 best youtube channel
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
My type of video. Let’s get this hot chocolate
Robby sent me
Robby spent me here
Adding vanilla ice cream and whip cream to hot chocolate is great too.
I was sent by Robby
I have seen your videos for so long now. Sometimes you have videos that end up on the trending page and I watch just to see how high your subscriber count has reached, just praying you finally reached 1 Million.

Glad to say that I have clicked on this video and I finally saw how you reached a million. Congrats!
Robby sent me.
Does to you show
I am from rabby
Robby sent me
are you a dog walker on the side to being a cryptid to minimalists, transcendentalists, nihilists, optimists, and all forms of higher or lower life? Cause all these videos of different dogs is starting to concern the beings
You should thank him
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
2:52 smiley face
Robby sent me
Robby
is a hot chocolate 3way different than a regular 3way?
I swear to god this is the same guy who voices Casually Explained
@YSAC have you watched Twin Peaks lately---
I love your dog.
I want to say where the f are the Christmas videos but he probably wants to spend time with his family
All comedians around the world are shaking lol
Finally the suffering is over.
Robby sent us
Robby sent me!!!!!!!!😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄
You have convinced me you are God please lead us!!!
Marshmallows are so good
Thank you for your videos. Sincerely.
not a lot of value in that barista chocolate huh?
Pimblokto?
Who came from robby?
How dare you compare marshmallows to stroopwaffel
Exuberance of pup steals show!😁💝
he’s like the bill wurtz of cooking
I'm getting so many mixed messages.
Who was sent by robby
My theory: ysacyyts and the daily dose of internet are the same people
Beautiful as always. No kinkshaming
Robby sent me here sub to his channel
Great, now I want hot chocolate even though it's currently in warm here in Texas
-_-
Robby set me,

What is wabs
I'm a simple man. I see YSAC, I click.
Rabby
I was sent by Robby
Robby sent meeeeee
/Robby send send me here
Man that mmm-mmm in the background of your hot chocolate song is a religion!
Robby sent me hi
I come from robby
My problem is i see these kind of videos thinking "wow these are all gReat ideas, lemme just do all of them in one" and then i remind myself of how i suck at food organizing
Doggo.
That end song epic 
🤙🏼
Wong all Wong
2999 anyone
najjs
Here because robby?
The song at the end of this one is easily amongst the best that you have written. Legitimately catchy.
HAHAHA, BECAUSE THE MIXTAPE IS FIRE
Doggo
FACE REVEAL
Robby sent meeee
Love you forever ysac!
Lol and also Robby sent me
Robbie sent me
I love marshmallows in hot chocolate.  They're the best when the get really warm and you can just smoosh them with your tongue.  Now those weird little freeze dried marshmallows you get in the packets, well they're good too, fight me.
Robbie sent me
Proud of you
3:00 I'm sorry, what? "Neechi"? You mean "niche" (pronounced "nitch", "nish", or "neesh")?

Also, why the heck was this recommended to me in "Pets - Topic"???
Oh wait, I guess the bit at the end kinda qualifies...
Robbie get me here
robby sent me here
Last! Yesss...nailed it
OMG THE WRITTING YO! AMAZING
Song at the end reminded me of a tame Sick Animation
Robby send me :)
Robby sent me for Wabbs
How do u have a different dog every video
Its there a coffee video of him? 🤔
Robby sent me here
You big baby. You used premade marshmallows. You should make your own.
Best part is always the dog music videos.
Can this guy please narrate some stories. His voice is perfect holy crap
Very good ^^ love the song at the end and the puppo and I knew about the salt enhancing but I've never put it in a hot chocko
Dark chocolate sucks.... change my mind
i would never go through all of that for hot chocolate
Chocolate + Marshmallow = I'm happy
robby send me
REEEE HOT HOT CHOCOLATE
i came here to watch the dog videos at the end
I suddenly want hot chocolate
Hey you guys can replace chocolate with Nutella it’s so good
What type of hawt chocolate do you recommend for the gamers?
Who is here because of robby
Face reveal?
robby sent me and he's way better
You're an artist
You can use milk for hot chocolate?!?!??!
I was almost about to feel insulted from the marshmallows joke
Damn your fingers are long
I was sent by robby
i like my hot chocolate with bricks
Thats Hawt
Robbie sent me to watch this video...
Robby bringed me here
I only recognized the Lindt chocolate. Couldn't tell what the others were..
"the chocolate that's just 'bean' itself" lols
Robby send me here😄
Make some chorizo
PLEASE WRITE A COOKBOOK
Im not scared just poor
Robby sent us here
Robby sent me.
hot choco in sachet is for cowards
are we not talking about chocolates, are we
I always wait in choclatey anxiety for the song at the end
thats a damn fine hot chocolate
Why do I feel the sudden urge to consume hawt chocolate?
The only type of cocoa powder I have is hawt art student that only takes pictures in black and white, will two teaspoons of that work instead?
I don't see anything wrong with your videos, but for some reason, im getting bored of them.
Delish (ish)
Once i made hot chocolate with m&ms
robby sent me
Make Ajvar instead of hot chocolate for winter
Mmm thats some damn good hawt chocolate!
i didn’t know i needed this, i was so so wrong. 😂😂 this is amazing
Robby sent me!
You make bad stuff
I'm I the only one from robby
WHO THE HECK IS ROB/ROBBY
Roy shoot me
He killed Chocolate Peopl!
All these things you do, you have depression, dont you?
Robby send my
This video left me feeling strangely content and happy about, hot chocolate, and fall.
I miss you. Post more often.
Robby  sent  me
um, robby sent me here.
when is the itunes vr coming out?
Thank you for the story time
in dante’s inferno hell is actually cold
T H A T ' S A D A M N F I N E C U P O F H O T C H O C O L A T E
Wth is going on
Robby sent me here
Wait, im subbed with the bell and i didint get this notification
do you just tell your dog to stay, go get set up somewhere far away, and then yell "COME!" to get all those adorable running shots???
Marshmallows are great
Robby sent meh🐒🐒🐒
can you make three ways to make good pizza
You missed the boat on this one bruh. No vegan hawt coco using almond milk or rice milk ??
I'm not angry, just disappointed.
Robby sent me 😂😂😅
Robby sent me lol
Robby sent me here
The you tuber Robb sent me to watch you
This video kinda made my day man!Winter is killing me!
so you gonna make an album with all those songs?
I want you to put all your effort into figuring out how to put that brand of crazy into a capsule and sell it. Then I can say to you " ShutUpAndTakeMyMoney!"
Robby sent me LOL
Can you do burger
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby
Robby sent me
robby sent me here and love your video
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby send me here
Robby sent me
Or you could just warm up some TruMoo
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me here,
What does Devon think of them?
Yes 👌👌👌
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me here
Robby sent me here
Such a good doggo
Going to send this to a certain person I know who just uses premade hot chocolate.
R9bby brought me here
Who the hell is robby?
😂
Happy turkey day eve y’all
Robby sent me
I think I'm having a nightmare
I came from Robby
Robby sent me here
H A W T  C H O C O L A T E
Robby sent me here
Robby has sent me to kill you😈
Plz do a video it is almost Christmas
Robby sent me
So are we just going to ignore what he said about marshmallows?
我找你的频道找了半年！结果今天在搜索里输入 cooking YouTuber boy  塔塔～你出现了！为什么我没有早点输入这几个单词！
He was right
Yep
Robby sent meeeeeeeee
Hot chocolate's mighty good, just don't feed it to your dog. Nope. Don't do it. Nope.
That's right.
I am watching this because robby sent me


Edit :thanks for liking you made my day
Dude this is so cool...or should I say hot??
Hello hello I have been watching your videos for a long time what’s your opinion about “Vegetable Noodles” maybe a delicious recipe that you make have because hands down each recipe you have done is delicious ❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙌
Same robby
People who make their hot chocolate with water are people you should stay far, far away from
Almost made it a minute in, had to go make hot chocolate.
Robby sent me 😊
BACK ON YOUTUBE PLS
I think this guy enjoys what he does on youtube, works really hard on his videos
Wow, ginger eh? Must try. But how do you make your ginger person into a powder?
Ginger=baaad
Pimblock now
What breed of dog is that?!!!
Robby sent me. Also thanks for fixing my wabs
Robby sent me
Made all three myself, gotta say, that's a damn fine hot chocolate
666
Hi Robby sent me here
Robby sent me
Robby sent me here
Robby sent me here go sub to him
1:28
Robby sent me here
On a scale of 1 to 10 how excited are you when shopping for cooking supplies?
Robby sent me here
T do you dress you cholchlet up
Remember to use good chocolate 🇧🇪
...nothing of the swiss stuff.
Okay, okay, okay. RAW MARSHMALLOWS ARE HORRIBLE. 



Toasted marshmallows are the only way.
I can see it... 
A hot chocolate harem visual novel
That sugary sponge hurts my eyes
Chocolate COMMERCIAL.
Robby sent me :3
Love the dog so much
robby sent me
Robby send me
Wtf is this wizardry, this video was released 6 days ago 5 months ago
I want the song at the end lmao
Robby sent me
I've never been directly insulted by the trending tab before.
LOL, chocolate has a great story more than new movies
this is so creative i am so happy i discovered this video
So, he's not dead?
I have only cold chocolate any help?
Is IT REALLY HOMEMADE if u dont harvest the cocoa beans to get the cocoa and milk the cow for the milk
this is one hot video
Where the hell is the pepper,YSAC!???
I feel some type of way every time he says hot chocolate. Whisper it in my ear😩
LOL you totally made me crack up I love this I love this video you're awesome
dude i saw ur other videos what's your soundcloud?
‘‘Tis the season ! 😊
when i looked up hot chocolate 3 ways on pornhub, i got a much different result....
No. I still stand for marshmallows.
Step 1: get chocolate
Step 2: make it hot
Step 3: ???
You're a good song writer. And how are you so creative?
Robby sent me
This is so funny!
Sorry, all you need is some chopped chocolate from Spruengli, which might cost you 20 bucks for like 200g, but that shit's worth every penny!!
I’m pretty sure most depictions of hell have the lowest lever be super cold.
Good stuff as always
Wheres the discord
Robbyb
Wat
Robby sent me here
Dude this is so cool
Now I would unsub just because you don’t like marshmallows, but since it’s nearly Christmas I’ll lest it slide.
ARTIST
You should fr make a Spotify playlist for all your cool songs 

Also #41 on trending lest goooo
Face reveal??
This is probably the weirdest video I’ve see. 😂
This guy literally gets every one of his vids on trending
who the flip is robby?
Or u could just get Swiss miss
No I don't :(
robby  sand  me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Nah fool it’s all about that ABUELITA
why is nobody talking about how fuckign cute his dog is
i have so many questions but i dont want the answers
I CAN FROM ROBBY 😋
My hot chocolate trick one teaspoon nutella and hot water, stirstirstirstir like  a mad man stirstirstir, enjoy.
I thought that chocolate bar was idkashi79
Thumbs up for doggy.
Beautiful
Robby sent me here and im glad he did i love this💖💓😁
DOES THIS GUY MURDER A DOG AND GET A NEW ONE AFTER EACH VIDEO OR WHAT? ;-;
Please someone explain to me why is there a new dog at the end of all those episodes ;-;
I tried the first one, but accidentally used 100% unsweetened cocoa powder. Stomach hurts, what do?
Roby sent me and I'm new to his school
Robby sent me over here I subscribed thx to Robby
By the way I was watching Robbie's and he said that he scented you
Okay but who the hell’s Robby?
Robby sent meeeee
Instant sub my G😂
I love how creative you are... Haha I can never be you .... 😃😂
“Stroepwafel”
Quality song and doggo
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Haha 😂 I lve this, it’s funny while learning how to cook!
Who the heck is Robby-
DaMn GoOd HoT cHoCLaTe
you are the greatest content creator on this site, possibly in this universe
Bicth you need a whole Bottle of maple syrup and never forget that for the rest of your life
This video is cursed
Robby sent me to fix my WABS thanks for helping
OMG this is the guy from the Myths and Legends podcast!!! I know this voice!
How to tell of someone sucks at cooking

...WATCHES THIS VIDEO
The happy dog montage at the end was superb.
thank you robby send me :)))
Organic marshmallows blows kraft marshmallows outta the watah
Robby DID NOT send me.
Your on treading! I love it
Robby said tanks
Mmm...that's a damn good video!
Robby sent me
Where do you get your amphetamine from?
pepper pepper pepper
Second
WHO IN THE WORLD DOESN’T USE A PACKET???




I feel attacked
I'm not first but i'm pretty damn early. I love your vids dude!
That dog is so adorable..i can't stop crying 😭😭😭💓💓💓🐶💓
Instructions unclear, got on the FBI watch list.
No You hahaha gray!!1!1
Try to charge pimblocktoe
Omg you are soooooo messy I got slightly anxious.  Love it.👌
Omfg I loved. I laughed so hard good content dude
Is this the dude from Casually Explained
Thanks for making me feel bad about myself
Robby Epicsauce Sent me
No abuelitas? Smh
1 table spoon of honey
Who else actually made this and loved it
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Robby sent me 😂
Fyi, Robby sent me, ok?... Ok.
robby
Let’s just take a moment to think about how fire that mix tape must have been
Can you do pancakes next please
2:21 it looks like he's flipping me off
Who the hell is robby?
I love it 🖤👌🏽
Gosh I love your dog! And your videos!😊
the 6ix9ine chocolate tho
0:45 For Maximum declumpification why did I find that funny!?!?
In My opinion the song at the end sounds Better at x2 speed.
robby sent me now i cant stop waching both of u
I like your voice man.
4:50 Random dog at the end. : )
"What did u do this weekend?" "I made clothes for my chocolate bars"
Robby sent me I love pizza 🍕
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
Lol old man mints
ur on trending
Robby sent me (:
When did you start cussing so much?
Jesus this guy has ADHD
This is so funny
I want to know what happened to pimblokto
Robby sent me
Thank you for curing my WABS
This is funny
Robby Sent Me Here
What do I have to do to get on trending and become baller!!!
Top 10 Anime Outros
I got an ad of a professional cooking before this bud
Never thought an intro would describe me so much as much as this one’s.
Your criticism of marshmallows rocked me to my core 0_0
Thanks for the hawt chocolate!
For some reason I always feel like this channel has an underlying story
this is so freaking funny all the time
Yum thanks for the tips
can I buy your music anywhere?
Robby sent me ( ͡ ͜ʖ ͡ )
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
DID YOU GET A NEW DOG!? WHAT ABOUT THE OTHER DOG? Did he even have another dog? Am I hoping insane. I think I may need to calm down and get hot cocoa number 2
Robbie sent me here!!!!!!!
Robby sent me !
Hey Sensei
Robby sent me
Robie sent me😂
Am I the only one who came from Robby?
No! Nobody!? Alright...
I once tried boiling eggs
I totally forgot about them
My sister reminded me I was cooking eggs
I ran back to da kitchen 
Turned the damn stove off
And threw the eggs away 
Cause there was no way I was gonna eat them

Hope you enjoyed my very irrelevant story 😊
"Or just put marshmallows in everything why don't you" 

Guy who made sweet potato casserole: hey that's a pretty good idea!
Who else came after watching robby's video about his WABS
LOL..."it's like reversed bubble tea"...good one!
Why have I only discovered this channel now???? This is brilliant. Imma binge all the episodes now
i think im in love with you
Robby send me to your vid
Robby sent me here an you are God
Robby didn't send me, but I feel like saying he did will piss people off, so Robby sent me
Robby sent me sooooo ya
Anyone here from Robby?
Marshmallows always lose. They are sticky nonsense. Also, strupewaffle ALWAYS wins - crunchy sweet carbs with chocolate and caramel, yes please.
Robby sent me here😃
Robby didn’t send me btw
Robby sent me!
Going to the store when this is over to get some hot chocolate...
I have no clue what this is but I like it
Ya big baby man...make ur own chocolate with marshmallows and dont be ascurd
Robby sent me
Thank you for teaching me how to make hot chocolate
Robby sent me.
Well Robby sent me
how many dogs does this guy have???? there’s a new god damn dog in every video
So I get that this is a cooking channel, but can you seriously make an album of these songs and sell it and take my money pls
Its amazing how he records this all with his mouth
October: let's get this pumpkin bread
November: let's get this corn bread
December: let's get this Holy bread
Good morning. Have an excellent day why dontchya.
Can i use No PuRpOsE FlOuR?
Best channel on YouTube!
I love these videos . Can't believe I forgot about this channel. It's like finding money in a couch cushion!
To be honest I’m always super excited for the puppy endings
You've still not forgiven your mom for the lie of pumpkin pie spice eh?  It's cool, she had it coming.
I think people underlook the songs he puts in at the end of his videos. The fact that he writes one for each video is pretty impressive
Just in time, my cursed brown sugar was about to expire! Thank goodness I have this recipe now
I decided to make this and it was actually really good
First time ever seeing his videos...this is what I've been missing😂😂😂😂
I think the joke of harvesting a pumpkin within 30 days of a full moon is being grossly underappreciated.
L:let's
G:get
B:bread
T:today
@1:38 when dad cooks because mom is out of town
I wonder what Gordan Ramsey would say
“Sacred harvest baguette with carrot handle” lmao😂
You put so much quality into this it's honestly amazing.
Does he foster dogs? That would be awsome if he did
I love how this is supposed to be satire and not serious at all but it actually teaches you how to cook.
Where does this madman live it's so fucking beautiful.
"Gonna move to a nice warm state of denial, 
TTYL, I think I'm gonna be a while."
IDK why, but that one hit me.
The one YouTuber that has never made a bad video
instruction unclear release ancestor's curse to my house
Good job getting on trending.

That means your definitely doing something right. Keep it up
Guys, you should respect his videos more, because he makes a song at the end of every video. ;-)
This is fantastic. You put out great quality videos that are a lot of fun to watch!
I’ll never get tired of this channel. When I become a billionaire I’m going to hire him to talk down to me and treat me terribly while he makes delicious meals for my family.
This is actually the third recipe i tried. Am I weird?
whenever you say any of your un-autocorrected versions of "oven", my mind changes that word to oven as if nothing you say is strange. this isnt good.
i honestly love your doggo so much
This guy is giving all of us misinformation everyone knows you can just find pumpkin bread on mystic death trees
Fun fact: in french “magic wand” is actually “baguette magique” so that’s a super legit harvest wand
Even his "whoop" sounds so good.
This channel is completely underrated! One of the best YouTube channels ever! I'm making the pumpkin bread right now .... collecting all my evil ingredients.
Make more videos, I've binge watched all your other ones😭
You should get a Spotify because that end song was lit.
Well... thanks for telling me I suck at cooking lmao. I can cook ramen
Thanks for the great video! I’m actually going to try out this recipe.. looks good
Pretty much binge watched all your videos in a one day while I did my work and now I'm in the best mood.  They are fucking hilarious and so creative and I love them and now have many recipe ideas plz make more thnx!
Man i love how much time effort and humor u put into theese “simple” cooking vids
I appreciate the amount of effort you put into your videos
1.5 million subs. I demand a new egg video. Rabble rabble rabble
The song reminds me of They Might be Giants. Good job.
I, too, require a happy lamp for the spoopy season.
Hey YSAC if you're looking for a nice warm state than may I recommend Florida. Miami specifically.
Yeah I been waiting a little more than the second Tuesday
LMAOO THE OPENNING
MHMMMM IT ACTUALLY TASTES REVOLTING
LGTPB stands for 
Let's get this pumpkin bread
That song at the end is why I am never moving from California.
But what if my all purpose flour doesn’t want to be purposefull
YSAC outro songs are amazing.
I actually laughed out loud when he scared the daylights out of the chopped pecans.
I think I love you...
Fr tho I love the sarcasm and just everything about this video and you lol
Subscribed!
If you don't have two pans just pour the other half of the batter down the drain -

YSAC 2018
Ok but the real question is, is pimblokto alive?
This is too much info dammit, I'm really pissed off..😠
Pumpkins aren't real you hecking sheep
"You can make a sacred wand out of anything just so long as it's sacred, which means that it was made by God, which is all things, so it's not that difficult."

This is actually... pretty damn accurate, really. That's pretty much exactly how that works.
That outro song beat the corn on the cob one without a doubt its 100% my favorite one
Everything you make is absolute gold. 
Oh your foods great too.
Fun fact: You could use Holy water so the bread doesn't posses you
Does the satanic sign needed?
Glad to see someone who remembers to spook the walnuts.
You never disappoint.. 😂💗
Ysac please release an album and slap that hot mess on Spotify so I can enjoy myself
These videos are so funny they give me a stomach ache. Amazing. Awesome. Hilarious. Bravo.
0:53 
Me: well that's going to be a pretty hard task. 
Some Diehard Christian: buscuse me? Who da hell you think you are you satin loving pagan bla bla bla bla bla...
no one says "oops" better than you honestly
it was truly horrifying  carrying around hot bread in the hands till it cooled off.
The dog!!!!!! Makes me so happy to see him/her, what is his/her name?!😍
I legitimately want an album from you 🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵✨
He’s a doggo confirmed.





Jk, I love your doggo btw.
back in my day we used to do the PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
Aw man I forgot to bless my bReAd

Throws away bread
You and sam onella sound the same . Plz like this comment
Bro I love your channel it’s the best
How'd you get your cat to play fetch like that?
Is no one else gonna talk about how awesome that song at the end was? SO GOOOD!!
To all the people wondering if he gets a new dog all the time I will remind you







It is a new dog and... this is a cooking channel.
" mmmm that actually taste revolting " 🤣
The dislikes are from the angry cow the cheese came from.


Wang-jangle the haters.
How I wish I could see YSAC on the Great British Baking Show!
I stopped watching binging with babish to come here
still waiting to buy your music on itunes, amazon, or google play
2:29 Picasso painting on you bread.
Don't eat it sell it.
The ghost of Picasso sculpted bread.
3:20 It looks like Darth Vader's coffin.
Pumpkin bread that doesn't have mini chocolate chips is invalid
Petition for him to add pepper to evey meal just to hear him say it three times.
Thank you so much I used your modified macaroni recipe and got into a competition thanks ysac
I followed the instructions perfectly and the pumpkin bread killed my dead aunt's sister, what now?
You remind me of the channel "HowToBasic", except you actually cook the food, 😆.
I love this you got a new sub
If you can't curse your own brown sugar, storebought is fine.
where are you finding all these forests to walk through
Make an album. And sell it to me.




Edit : The more of your vids I watch I realize that you remind me of my best friend who died 4 years ago. My god man you’re exactly like him. I just watched the Mac and cheese episode and almost cried because you remind me so much of him. You’re awesome dude. Please never stop this.
YSAC: I hear by bless these ingredients by this wand 
Wand: Na Ima smash it 1:04
man, rly love your video man... Keep up the good work
I can't tell you how much I miss Egg Story. I'm convinced it's gone the Fox Television route and was cancelled randomly in the middle.
Closed captioning is really struggling with those lyrics... lol
I laughed so much at the ingredients 😂
I am so glad I found this channel, wow
Is that pimblockto on the keys?
"chordless kinetic screw driver" got me 🤣
1% How to basic 50% Tutorial 49%Jokes
You should go on master chief you are really talented
"...until they're thoroughly wangjangled" yes. New favorite saying
when ysac uploads i regain my will to live
2:30 the universe is a hologram



BUY GOLD
When I discovered your channel, I have already binged watched all of your videos and waiting for more
finaaaally i found some good content throws haunted confetti
And of course you had to post it  a day after I had to make pumpkin bread for work. ;-; This recipe would be so much simpler and better.
Why do you always have a different dog? Do you foster them or something?
My walnuts laughed at me 
Where can I buy new walnuts
This is the best pumpkin bread I've ever tasted.
"3/2 Cups of all purpose flower, including the purpose of making pumpkin bread" I haven't laughed that hard about a cooking video. Also funniest thing was when he said "congratulation you get one piece of candy corn, you already have it"
aaah sit on it and spin...  to mix well. most pumpkin pie fillings and breads have butternut or sweeter squash in them - maybe 1/5th pumpkin to allow for advertising laws <— haha
OH MY GOURD!!!!! Been waiting for a Halloween episode from ya for some inspiration!!!!!
He’s still salty about the pumpkin pie spice
Such an accurate video. Thanks 😅👌
HEY!
WHERE DID YOU PUT THE TRUE WANG JANGERLER?!
You should do a face reveal
are you the video version of comically cooking???? .-.
You are one sick individual that should never be cured. Keep jangling your wangle, my man.
I honestly enjoyed this video. Thank you. 👏😁
Beet song is still my favorite song made by him😂😂





ITS AWESOME
Wow so that's how you do it huh. I want to wake up and it will be spring again !! I absolutely loved the rocks & the water and there was one happy dog too 💗👍
0:33 - I tried this recipe with butter from a happy cow and the bread exploded during cooking. Make sure the cow is very angry.
Hah. Captured within 30 days of a full moon. Good one. Because everyday is atleast 30 days from a full moon
I'm disappointed 😁😁
I wish I had a nickel Everytime you say "wangjangled"
Idk but this dog reminds me so hard of Eddie Redmayne
I really love the effort you put into all your videos. You're really entertaining (and i love your voice) please keep up the amazing videos
dear diary, 
Today is the 20th day since "you suck at cooking" man uploaded the recent last video on his channel. i don't know how long am i gonna survive now without watching next one. Thus, i feel now it's time to bid farewell to me mum, pa and my good dog chunku. 
love ya all and don't blame yourself for this
Post more often pleaseeee! I've went back years and can't find vids I haven't seen hahaha your videos are awesome man!
I am a firm believer that winter is the best season
For some reason this is the one this that I know I’m doing right in life, watching this nonsensical video.
what did the pumpkin say to the pumpkin carver
“Mmmm. That actually tastes...revolting” I died lmao
* flashbacks to pumpkin pie video *
0:26 If you want it cursed why would you draw a pentagram on it????
So when can I buy the YSAC limited edition  double LP vinyl?
NSFW: Toothpick porn
This channel is like HowtoBasic except the videos are 50% more actual tutorials.
I've been subscribed to you since your like 5th video maybe, and this end song is my favorite. Really great job man. You always put so much effort into your videos and at 4+ years I thought you've earned a pat on the back of some kind from a guy you don't know lol
Keep up the great work!! 😄
Highly effective video clip! Up here at Y&S FOOD! we really like to come across such type of contents. We make Travel & Food films too, across the globe, and we are frequently hoping to find inspirations and approaches. Thank You.
on god, is it already time for last summer nostalgia?
i missed you...
You forgot to mention that the all purpose flour contains the most cursed substance of all: gluten
He missed the opportunity to say "flour from last night's party right next to my roommate's credit card"
Its like I'm watching how to basic but but calm version 😂
I've been getting a lot of bread lately, not money just my card intake is unreal
I was just binge watching the entire series. Today has been a very good day.
When you hit 3k can you do a face reveal??😂
These videos are such gifts. XD
Can you please have a sound cloud or Spotify account? I will definitely pay for your tracks but your recipe tho
you should put your songs on spotify
I think you are making the cooking videos just so you can write the songs.
This is my new favourite YouTube channel
Having trouble finding ghost pee 👻
Replace the walnuts with chocolate chips and I'm in!
I tried this without blessing the ingredients, I will regret it for the rest of my life.
What's a electric mixer

Do you mean electric wanjangler
Hello I have a problem with this recipe
I can't make it spooky enough :(
I actually believed him for a while. I'm so glad I found this channel
U are my favorite YouTube channel in the world. U put so much effort into all of ur vids. U always make me so happy when I watch ur vids and u inspired me to try and become a chef and I hope I can cook with u one day. Keep up the good work!!!!👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I appreciate that we both hate living on an axis
First 10 seconds and I already subscribed.
This was hilarious! You got my sub!
”but it doesn’t make you better than my mum” I WAS WAITING FOR THIS
You don't have to use two 9-inch loaf pans.
You can also use two loaf-inch nine pans.
Do you actually clean up your kitchen or do you give the bread to your friend so they have To clean it up?
I come here for the witty cooking lesson, I stay for the sweet jams at the end. <3
To be honest, it was sooo satisfying when he zoomed in and slowly twirled and pulled the toothpick out of the bread
I just found my new fav channel!!
“With carrot handle” 😂 😂 😂
Now that song in the end was beautiful, really, do you have your music on Spotify, or a second channel? Would love to hear more.
I thought everyone tasted the batter... (the raw eggs make it amazing).
I already ate some of the batter
Bread is a foam. You’re eating foam!
Ysac album needs to happen. Tunes so lit🔥.
I'm 3 weeks late??? How dare you! ✌❤☕
Thank you for existing man
I swear this dude has a different dog every time....
Number twelve on trending, deserves one, keep up the amazing videos, you are amazing
Eyy im early ,love them fresh posessed Chicken eggs

Edit:omg Thanks so much for the Likes  i Never got so much.
how is nobody talking about that fort?
You sir, are a comedic genius
Happy. Wet. Dragon. Good boi.
This is so much like HowToBasic... I LOVE IT!
Seriously though, I've been trying to find a purpose for all this haunted baking soda I've had in my cupboard. So glad I have a use for it now, THANKS!
Dry roast walnuts to bring out the flavor.
Thank you for taking me on this journey
My grandmother always lightly sifts cane sugar onto the top of the mix, and it gives it a nice, somewhat crispy texture on the top. Just a tip
Ok serious questions, does mixing all the dry ingredients together before mixing them with the wet make a difference? Why can't I just put it all in a bowl and wangjangle it at once?
What a jam
I hope you don't have a painful 11 months.
This is a great video.  Have you ever shown off your mother before?
Will you ever do a face reveal?
I live California what is a win winter?
I 
LOVE 
DOGS
Is there a soundtrack coming out yet
That doggo at the end was everything i needed to feel happy today, thank you.
It went from mid-70s to around 30-40 here in Western Ohio. Our leaves are falling, still green.
Do you live in Washington State? Looks just like where I live.
Every episode of this I watch makes up for not sleeping when I should.
I know I suck at cooking. No need to remind me. 😥
I can't believe you can cook, edit video, make music and most importantly, have winter pillow fort too
Are you secretly the odd1sout? You sound like James with a Canadian accent
Unless you live in the Southern Hemisphere
Fantastic.  Bravo
Your dog demands his royalty check.   I don't blame him   He's cute.
came here for the music, but i enjoy the cooking too
Yay!! I hope you make more videos soon.
I was so confused like what do you mean winter, that just happened and then I realised Australia
Dude I swear this looks exactly like Maine
Can you make depressing spaghetti.
😂😂 this was very entertaining lol glad I didn’t change the video lol love your monotone voice lmao and your sassy whit
Guys my walnuts are pretty tough, anyone know a good way to scare it?
Ive been waiting for this all my life
How's that hibernation fort going for you?
I forgot to bless my ingredients and now the pumpkin bread is flying around the kitchen. Help.
"It doesn't make you better than my mom" 😭😭😭 I r,ember the pumpkin pie video
do you support child-wangjangling so they behave?
For some reason I couldn’t find the ingredients? XD 😂
ok but if it tastes like cake why is it called bread??
He made that so good yet I'm just like what haha
Subscribed HELL YESS! ❤Where the heck have I been!
It's very hard to tell if ysac is actually religious.
Ey boy grammar mistake in your description. Its not it's. 

Sorry
I only have a cup and a half of cursed brown sugar. Can I substitute the other cup for cursed regular sugar?
Do you rescue dogs, or just have your friends let you borrow their dogs and run with them along the beach?
This show is really funny but the ingredients seem real and the food looks good
Let's get this pumpkin bread boys
thank you for always providing this high quality hand porn content
The GOD has returned to bless us all.
YSAC orange julius?
The canned pumpkin is not actually pumpkin but a type of squash called field pumpkin
Reference to the pumpkin pie video :D Also what's up with his dogs? .-. I mean, I'm not gonna say much because I respect his love for dogs, but HOW???? (Also clap clap best content of the year award good job YSAC)
The hardest part of this video is me keeping my toxic personality away from it.
The scariest thing is that people disliked this video
Man that's a really adorable doggo
You had my heart at "Sacred Harvest Wand."
Isn’t it impossible to posses salt because salt repels spirits
I don’t know my friend told me this
I’m sorry but that toothpick scene was WAYYY too sexual for me. 😂
Omg we're making that in school XD
YSAK, what are your thoughts on using a pie pumpkin rather than canned?
this is why you have subscribers
I forgott to bless it and endet up getting posessed so it's actually not me writing this, its the gost. Any tips ?
Is it normal to feel like you're falling in love while watching this video?
Keep up the videos Imaginary Ambition
A challenge for you make your own recipe food.
In my Pauly d voice Pumkin spice is in everything this time of year yeah😂😂😂😂
That dog porn at the end. My bulldog jiffed twice. Thnx.
I’ve made the “you suck at cooking “ song my ringtone.
He’s good at cooking. But very random about it
Just made Pumpkin Bread French Toast the other day.
This was great! I was especially surprised by the quality of the song at the end. It seems a step above most songs you've done in the past. Would you say you put more effort into this one? Also can you try to say 'fuck off' in more of your videos? I find it helps to elucidate some of the mystyrious sentiments I share with most co-workers and some members of my extended family. Thank you kindly.
1:04 The way he shook the stick got me dead 😂
Pumpkin bread is the best buttered and wrapped in wax paper. Being a little squished from being in a paper bag for a few hours makes it that much more nostalgic.
Thanks a lot. Now I'm getting ads for Keto foodstuffs...
The songs make me happier than the show now.
This is the best cooking channel
this recipe is for people who don't suck at cooking
Where can I find the lyrics to the song at the end? Lol
Edit: you need to put that shit on Spotify my guy
I love warm pumpkin bread with butter
This is my first time I'm watching this video


Thoughts:
Way more better than howtobasic but I still love him too
Lovin’ the fort👌🏽
Haunted salt 😂😂😂😂
How do I know if my ingredients are haunted? 😂😂😂😂
Came for the recipe, stayed for the good boy!
Just found your channel.your funny as hell m8
God these episodes help my mood improve so much when the antidepressants take a while to work. Thank you so much for existing ❤
How do I scare my walnuts?
It doesn't make me better than your mom.
Thanks for the music. That's my comment. Short..!
The song at the end low key a bop 🤠
Your dog is even haunted
How does he think of this. So creative!
Come to be roasted for your cooking skills, stay for the tasty songs
Drilling the candy corn into the bread. 😂
Well it to late for seasonal fall pumpkin bread. It snowed here today.
But but but BANANA BREAD!!??
Ok, I'm sold. Subscribed
Where do you get all the dogs hook me up 👌
What do I do if my Sacred Harvest wand is made of haunted pumpkin bread ingredients?
Your not uploading as much. Are you ok?
Wouldn’t recommend screwin’ the candy corn...high potential of genetically modifying it.
i get so happy when you upload
YSAC I love you so much
I wonder if YSAC fosters dogs. It would explain how sometimes he has so much different ones in each video.
I made this and it. Was. Magical.
Hi, I love your vids, but WHERE IS PIMBLOCKTO PLEASE I MISS HIM SO MUCH
The cinematography of the dog at the end was beautiful.
2:36 does anybody else think that's oddly satisfying😂
Could you make dog treats, please?
Your voice sounds kind of like Sam O’Nella’s
Where do i find a possessed chicken and cursed brown sugar..
Don’t ever forget to wang jangle
bruh where do you live? it so glorius!!!!!!
Could I leave out the walnuts. Im allergic to nuts.
2:12, Captions on. Thank me later
God damn it, 20 seconds in and I'm in tears already.
hes so good at mixing words hahah
I see how much work is put into these videos pretty interesting.
Low-key the outro songs are bomb
One of the best channels on YouTube hands down.
Definitely one of the best channels on YT
WHY DID I NOT GET A POST NOTIFICATION?!
How is it that I just recently discovered this show?
I bought a pumpkin so thanks for this video
his dog should be in youtube rewind
Why do these video show up when I'm hungry but never when I'm not.
Finally an upload I can watch without getting bored
I dont have Pumpins ... uh are Honey Melons fine too?
How many dogs do you have or do you rent them for your videos? I swear it's a different dog every time.
You should do a face reveal
How do you not have more subs?
The perfect bread alongside with a salad made from possessed vegetables [see the video]
Hmmmm………….. Dude you need to make a video at least like every hour..... Thanks.....
This is a good channel👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
"Hmm that actually tastes revolting"
Spooky scary pumpkin bread
we don’t talk about the pumpkin spice.
It looked BOO-tiful and GOURD-geous.
bone app the teeth 👌🏽
1:05 the more I watch it the funnier it gets
0:18 in case you don’t understand, there’s a full moon every 30 days
Carrothandle = candle, poggers
Geez man, I don’t suck that much at cooking ....
1:33 Ahem, hand wangjangler!
Woah, my mom just made this for breakfast!
Wow you still make my week every time <3
You're finally on trending!! Congratulations! I never did find out what happened to plimokto or the eggs
HES RETURNED
1.5 mil LEEEETSSSS GOOOO
Ive been waiting for this video for ever and i feel so happy because its here. this makes me wanna cry because of how much i love this channel. i just want to talk to this guy and tell him how many times he has made me happy for a human to be alive.
Brown sugar is a good idea, the recipe I use has white sugar and requires more of it.
I died laughing at this part

2:52
Wait what was this video about I was too scared
The fort looked fun.
Damn the king has uploaded
You are like a very refined HowToBasic.
“Reality is an illusion. The universe is a hologram. Buy gold. Bye!” - Bill Cipher
Wow, thanks for telling me 14 hrs later.
The song at the end is really good.
Hand mixer?? Not manual wangjangler??
Bless me uncle YSAC!
A++ would watch again. 13/10 doggo
I NEED MOAR VIDS COOKING! I'm just kidding it takes so long because you pour your heart and soul into these videos. I'll wait :)
What the hell is a mixer supposed to be?! Dude you can't just make up words.
We’ve missed you YSAC!
great video  whin will pin blockdow come back? i miss him
I missed u dude <3
Instructions unclear accidentally summoned the Pumpkin devil.
Thought the slices of bread was weed 🤦
Took a break from my seasonal depression to watch this video
4:19 turn on subtitle
Do a asmr video lmao
This is such a weird blend of psychedelic humour and actual cooking instructions
I’m telling you, it’s a different dog every time.
thank you for existing.
captions XD
Just how grandma made it
You are my fav youtube channel by far
Ysac on trending and more dog footage am I in HEAVEN
This is my last video that complete me of watching all your videos until you make more 😀
He must me drunk a lot
How do I acquire the cursed brown sugar? Or can I make it at home?
Your so random and I love it
Your dog is so cute btw
who else came here for pumpkin bread?
🎤 All the other kids
with the dumb pumpkins
better run better run
Faster than my pumpkin 🎤
keep your toxic personality away from it for an hour
Pro tip: Don't actually try to ride out the whole season in your hibernation chamber. It's much safer to come out intermittently through the months to restock on leftover candy, gingerbread and nanaimo bars. Happy hibernating!
Honestly where ever you live is such a pretty place :( like um .... I WANNA LIVE THERE
can we have a face reveal soon :/
'I thought this was how you make bricks.
My favorite part of his video is the  music and singing part😍😍
Where did you get that sad lamp?
I made this in culinary but without the uh...cursed items and instead of walnuts we used chocolate chips 👌🏼
I still don’t know what revolting means
Dang it, I don't have any haunted baking soda
You should make a fkin EP my man
I'm in Texas and winter is only like a month here, and we hardly get snow :P
Do you have a band if so please link it. I love your style of music
1:03 is by far my favorite part
How did I miss this?! I always look forward to these!
You are incredible! I subscribed for your sense of humour
November 4th. Time will end...the daylight saving time I mean... sorry if it sounded creepy...
it's very diarrhea-ish at 2:00 LOL
i'm crying tears at the sad lamp thing
When he blessed the ingredients I choked
The song at the end of this one was just fantastic! Love your videos!!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 i loved this so much 💖
Best Pumpkin Bread Vid Ever !!!!!!
Doggy!!
whoever disliked this video. I just wanna talk. Man there were dogs in this
Holy shit, your outro song was especially good this time!
Ridiculous. ... im so happy i found my people... cordless kinetic screw driver....♡ refreshing... woops
I was a little confused about the light but as soon as you put the smiley face bucket on it I got it. It made for a well need laugh. Thank you
You are master chef and master comedian!
pumpkin of the bread variety
This video is so spoopy my phone wont load it
I love you ysac!!! ♡♡♡
Thanks dad, very cool!
I can always count on you for a smile.
Confirmed resident of Canada or Maine
Instructions unclear: baked harvest wand
i don't have haunted baking soda or haunted salt, can the normal ones work?
The scariest part of this video... is the lack of the intro... Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!
Wow this man is always on trending
Creativity is worth rewarded by likes!
This was so funny I forgot the instructions 😂😂
We are simply not worthy of your content
The quality of the song is actually million times better than the cooking
I tried this and got pumpkin cake
IT HAS BEEN 3 WEEKS BRO WHERE'S THE NEW VIDEO
Maybe it's because it's 1 am, but you shaking the shit out of that orange on a celery stick made me laugh harder than anything has in like 3 months, thank you.
Did you raid a haunted house's spice cabinet?
i missed you so much...
I didn't know sheep play fetch
Snudhhsniushinshjbs ITS 6 on trending!
#45 on trending boys
Who is the person who just ate bread and said cook it twice and boom toast
I liked the song at the end.
Wow. I AM SHOOKETH.
Are you how to basic?
Face reveal anytime soonn?
What if I caught the pumpkin in a crescent moon? Will that be fine?
Had to watch this through the gaps of my fingers.
U reminded me of the adventure time song Time adventure when u said time is an illusion
I wish I'd found this channel sooner.
Oh my ghoul! So glad I ran into your channel. You're ridiculously entertaining and yes, I'm planning on making that pumpkin bread.
Mmmmmmmm...... that tastes revolting....
Mmmm! With cheesecake frosting on it,shared with a ghost.
Where has this channel been all my life... I do suck at cooking.
This is the S P O O K police. You're under arrest for being too S P O O K Y
"How can i have the loaf if its still back in the undo" bwaahahahahahah. My kids are gonna love this one. Thanks for another sick video man - your dog looks like a frikken legend
1:02
Is that pentagram sacred too?
WHERE IS PIMBLOCKTO?!?!?! IS HE OK?!?!?!
This video is low IQ. Winter is easily the best season.
I only have butter from an angry goat. Will that work?
Best cooking show ever not fake my friends say its fake irl guys
You're on Trending
 yeyeyeyeyeyeye
gordon disagrees with your intro
Shoot im late let me think of a joke....
I am thoroughly spooped
Im sure you’re hot af


Or cute af
i love this channel 😂
In the spooky spirit i see
I fully concur with your feelings on snow.
Hamilton is that you
Those pecans were like "not today satan"😂
yess. good pumpkin bread. good dog.
Winter is the best time of year
Is it a new dog in every video or am I just crazy? Also why are they always so serene?
We miss Pimblokto! Just repair him
Actually, what happened to timblokto?
s p o o k y t i m e
you have the happiest goddamn dog videos ive every seen.
I'm proud I found you before you were so popular
Is it a vegan pumpkin?
you sir are nuts.         (subscribed)
Face reveal?
Should I be flattered that pumpkins are trying to imitate us, or angry?
I live for the ending of these videos
Aesthetic dog footage👌
Loved the perfect edit timing on the song at the end with the dog catching the ball @ 3:58 & 4:04. Personally, I loved older themes like the robot and phrases about pepper, but I am glad you do not rely on the same thing in every video. Artists explore the new and provide insight . . . keep up your art, it is very fine.
Good energy, up dog.
It holloween! So everything looks and sounds haunted!
Why did you wait so long to post a video
Thank the gods I missed watcing your videos at school!
That jumpscare got me so bad
Spooky AF! Yet delish
So many fans to make you on trending! I’m a subscriber from about 100,000! Keep up the quality vidoes
I’m laughing so hard, brilliant man
Do you make the music video first and then the cooking part? I feel like you could make legitimate music if you tried harder.
There needs to be more wang jangling.
The winter hibernation fort is actualy lit
he sounds like the lucid charts guy
this has such a raw chaotic energy to it
I prefer to bake my pumpkin bread in a pumpkin.
If you turn the English subtitles on and go to 2:14 there’s a secret fun fact (Actually a few)
1:34 YOU MEAN WANG JANGLER
What if my grocery store doesn’t have eggs from possessed chickens, but eggs from possessed ostriches? Will it still work?
This honestly has to be the best outro song yet.
1:53 whoop whoop!
WHO'S DOGS ARE THESE?!?!?
I thought it was called a wang-jangler
Hmm that actually tastes revolting
The pup is gorgeous. What's his name?
Like if he should do a face reveal 👍
I can't find haunted sugar anywhere
Be carful my species can be vicious.
The DOGGO
Your dog is beautiful
Hibernation fort <3
I'm in the other hemisphere, the lonely Southern Hemisphere (we're a bit quiet down here if you compare the populations of each hemisphere). Spring is here, and I kind of want to build my own Spring Hibernation Fort because the hayfever is so bad. Right now I have a regular (strong but non-drowsy) antihistamine tablet I take regularly, a nasal antihistamine AND a saline nose spray (I have the squirty bottle to do proper saline rinses but don't do it too often because I'm too lazy to boil water and wait for it to be the perfect lukewarm temperature before it goes cold). But my sinuses still hurt and my eyeballs are still irritated.
What's the point of baking if you're not eating the raw batter ?🤔😅
i binge watched your videos last night.... had a nightmare that i was cooking wrongly and your voice was screaming at me HAHAHAHAHHAHA
DAD?
Some days I feel like this is Gordon Ramsey on his light side
This bread looks good 😁😁
Where do you even tape this? its gorgeous looking!
You should upload more
0:48 scared the life outa me
I missed you 😭😭😭
I never knew what love was until I found this channel
Mm that taste... Revolting
Just make an album already
The pumpkin spice of life! Cute bits of your dog frolicking around the water!
We all know I suck at cooking, I don't need to be reminded.
What is this lmao? A better cooker than how to basic, or more so then not wasting food like how to basic 😂😂👋
How do I get these so called “possessed chickens?”
I hope he makes a whole thanksgiving meal for his next video.
I love this channel also were are your dogs
Brooo brooooooo, you should make music.
Yeah. Just found my new favorite channel.
I have never been more confused from a tutorial than now.
I love this channel so much
I hope you're in film school!
✌️❤️from🇨🇦
At least you don't live in South Dakota.
The callback to the pumpkin pie episode made me so giddy.
what if i cant find the haunted parts of the ingredients
To what extent should I spook my nuts?
This got me R a t t l e d
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Alright you turned into They Might Be Giants at the end there
mad cow would have been better :)
s p o o k y b r e a d
When my mother makes her pumpkin bread then that’s when fall starts
You have a very soothing voice lmfao
did anyone else scroll down to this video eating pumpkin bread
do a face reveal
Came for the bread, stayed for the doggo
Where does he live? Anyone know!
I’m allergic to walnuts. What do I do now?
YOU ARE BRILLIANT
Stop calling out us witches
is this a pie? I made pumpkin bread before and I've never put sugar and butter in it... but I'm from Poland so maybe my idea of bread is different
1:48
I appreciate the dog montage
This guy took a bite out of real raw pumpkin for the sake of a single joke. That's dedication.
I like these videos but I know I would hate this guy in real life.
sooo.... just gotta wait another month or so until a new video then
I forgot to bless the ingredients and the angry cow came to life wtf do I do
How do you have a sexy voice? Lmao
So far the only good trending video, good job!
greatest YouTube cooking channel by a long shot.  I am sorry Babish!
School started off sucky today but it just got a whole lot better
HowToBasic's odd younger brother
Yoooo ur on trending!
This is howtobasic’s 2nd channel where he makes stuff slightly less ridiculously
Forget making this, where can i buy it
I forgot how much of a genius you are
Im informing u, u will make a video when u lose a pumpkin and u order something to eat u inform the dad and give a fist bump to the kid
whats game called like i really want to play with dogs
Are you sure your not Gordon Ramsey
3:20 omg
Lmao 🤣 this was great 👍
I am so glad about the fact that we share this kind of humor
Congrats on trending
Did you get possessed?
Yessssssa
For a second I forgot the premise of this whole channel and was very confused
I dont have a possessed chicken :(
I miss Lemon Demon
Great episode, I really enjoyed the music afterwards
Please do ASMR
As for someone who says that he sucks at cooking, u sure cook a lot of things
how do you always have a new dog?
someone get this guy a record label
*cough* SOMEONE clearly lives in Canada. 😂

I feel your pain re: the shortness of summer, bro. Kickass but sadly accurate song!
that fort looks totally gangster
Spray your pan with WD40. WD40 is far superior!
Those lyrics are impressive.
2:08
Is the song going to be on the album?
The Dog is so cute😍😊
I didn't have any pans so I ended up pouring it all down the sink. oops.
Can I use butter from a happy cow instead?
when a comedy  channel and a cooking channel love each other very much
Yeeees ily
How you make me laugh stop plz
This is actually like howtobasic but in serious. I love it.
This vid was too spooky
It works better if you use bread flour
Haunted
Salt can't be haunted because it drives ghosts away, but you can use cursed salt instead.
🤣
Okay.. but why is this dog giving me beautiful majestical models on the beach photo shoot vibes?? 😊😊
I want an album
Did someone say SPOOKMPKIN?
Why do I have all this ingredients?
The eggs didn't say goodbye to each other but the dog was a good actor. 420/666 stars
I love pumpkin bread
Clicks out of demonic video
My favorite show!
jealous of your dog's wet curls
That's ABS not PVC.
Dude this song at the end had such good production, it's no worse than those of some of my favourite bands. Seriously if you put this on spotify as a full version, I'll add it to my favourites playlist.
Win will pinblaogo
Spooky Spoopy Pumpkin Bread
bonus lesson: spooked walnuts are pecans.
0:27 when i'm home alone
New subscriber ! 😀
Dad what are you doing?
i guess you could say, thats ryeally spooky
I like pumpkin bread.
Instructions unclear, there is now a child that is a conglomeration of souls following me around calling me her mommy and speaking as if she's a hivemind. Please send help, 
Preferably in the form of Grandpa Hassan to take this small child off of my hands.
Sugar Shack on how the robots doing see if he is good and bring him back to your house okay it's probably be missing you by now bad for him
Yay new vid :) you have a great day too.
😂😂😂😂😂  the funniest stuff all of that place
Finally my possessed chicken is of use
Oh wow ur alive
Hi
Hes back!!!
Yo that fort honestly looks cozy af.
damn, home dude done blown up. couldve swore when i subscribed he had a couple thousand followers. he so funny......wangjangled
Collab with schmoyoho
He got the 🍞.😎
Do you have a place to snag some of these songs? I absolutely love some of em you've done and I want them on my iPod so bad.
Thought the thumbnail was some loud
No 41 on trending NICE!
Love you
Your dog is so majestic
How many dogs are recommended to be sacrificed to the gods of spoops over a lit flame while making this bread?
The fall of Fall.
I wonder what one of their videos would be like if they made something from Food Wars. xD
big
You're my hero!
I wish you could upload more
Beautiful.
This is howtobasic but actually cooking somthing instesd of makeing a big mess
Spooky food
this is casually explained.
where dose he get these outros
Finally a wangjangle!!!!!!!!!
I just got my brown sugar exorcised. Will this still work or should I get more imported?
Just swung by to let you know that I am in fact better than your mum
CURLY DOG OMG <3
I love the end <3
works better if you summon a demon from a pentagram of pumpkin pie spice to share your lonely, terrible winter with!
Are you a chef?
I LOVE YOU
spooky...
so, an unsliceable bread is still bread. i feel relifed
Its sodium chloride
This is hilarious!
I, like the pumpkin pie spice, am haunted by the fact you’ve followed your mother into the easy way out.
I make a CURSED recipe from the DARK WEB (GONE WRONG!)
666 views
Can we get a banana bread recipie please

Edit: or garlic bread, that works to
AAAAAAA CONGRATS YOU’RE ON TRENDING!!!
Gordon Ramsay can't beat him
it taste better if you have a cursed love life
i don’t even like pumpkin bread. i don’t even like to cook, yet here i am watching your vids bc your voice is so damn soothing!!! also i love being told how much i do in fact suck at cooking
normal bit version of howtobasic
Never have or will eat direct from a pumpkin all ways will but tge premade cuz ill mess up
Ahh ysac. You don’t post often, but when you do you know it’s gonna be good.
if I make the pumpkin bread and slather it in whipcream does it become pumpkin pie?
Also, can I buy the song at the end from anywhere? seriously. Those are some good sounds.
Is he William Osman?
Ok, this is epic
l e t  i t  r i s e
Make stroopwafels
Why am I laughing at how you poured the salt in at 0:42 lol
Please bring back pimblockto!!!
💙💙💙
Whoever you are, where ever you are, I like you. We have the dame type of humor
This is actually a cake; no resting, batter instead of dough, waaaay sweet
How about a winter foraging episode?
welp time to wait another month for a really funny video  that’s also a cooking video
Please go on The Official Podcast and defend your hot song writing skills.
I love this Chanel so much
Can you do weed brownies next please
Wow, thats a lot of sugar
Face reveal when
Im a small youtuber and I would appreciate any type of support ❤️✨
That dog looks like he could teach me how to surf and love the ocean.
pepper pepper pepper
The after music sounds like Wallows!
0:37 tf2 Halloween Cosmetics just a ton of haunted stuff
You have an amazing dog, what breed is it?
I like the reference to the pumpkin pie vid about ur mom
Oh hell yeah
Brilliant!
What happens if I harvested it within 31 days of a full moon???
Can you make some merch?
Thank you, very cool!
Lol how are u doing this
long live pimbloktu
Your dog is having a better life than me
I couldn't find any of the ingredients.
yo is that Canada at the end? killarney?
this vid was recommended to me for some reason and I'm so glad it was
I cant have pumpkin because of the salicylic acid in it. I cant have salicylic acid.
wheres pimblockto
Oh so thats why the eggs keep spinning no matter what i do to stop them and as well as getting scared every time i eat walnuts
WHERE DOES HE LIVE
4:02 What type of fish is that?
That’s one spoopy pumpkin bread
Love it, but why do most people seem to not like winter? (I’m referring to the song at the end) I can’t stand the heat. I live in the south and we get 7 months of HOT weather and I don’t always work indoors. I always enjoy winter.
I was glad until you added candy corn
But raw eggs arent disgusting..




Ok they are.. a little bit to me
Wow is that a new Car Seat Headrest song?
i need ur OC song
What is the name/artist of the song at the end of the video? 😂
on trending boiiiii
Why he had to be satanic and draw a star for 😑
Amazing lol
If you go into hibernation, does that mean that we won't get any videos until spring?
My favorite song so far.
My favorite song so far.
Yay you got on trending!!
Hey this isnt a bad tutoriel :))))))))
I love you
Let’s get this bread
Your dog is adorable!
Typically I don’t subscribe to a channel after the intro but this... this is an exception
better than HowToBasic
2:58 actually lol’d
666k views, spoopy.
What an handsome boy 4:29
Why am I just now finding this channel!
I love it when he ends the video with a doggo
☕️☕️🌷🌷👍👍
:(
Such a happy doggo
I’m slightly disappointed that you didn’t bless the ingredients with that sacred harvest dildo you have. Your bread has not been properly blessed
has he made the broodwich and if can someone link me it
0:12 feelsbadman !
This all because USAC built a fort and wanted to show it off
Plz do a face reveal
I love you
That wet pupper ❤️❤️❤️
I have a theory you’re Canadian.
2:34 that was oddly seductive
I missed you
What is bread?
1:58 Um, excuse me good sir. Did you just call me disgusting?
lets get this bread!!
Dude i mean it ur music is the best!!!❄️🌬🌨☃️⛄️
Alright gamers let’s get this bread
I saw the thumbnail and thought it was hash lmfao
Pudim de arroz
Trending 👍
FACE REVEAL
1:16 age restriction
blees thee, ingredients.
Some rare ingredients
What kind of dog does he have? The dog makes every video 10x better
That doge!
Onion
I’ve been enlightened
what is it with haunted stuff amirite
This dude cant make videos fast enough to sustain my desire
A Calmy HowToBasic Guy
😂😂😂
His voice is so calming
Can I use chocolate in this?
Lol😎💪
I can't make this since I couldn't find any angry cows
Yo I want a winter hibernation fort!
This IS it Chief!
I wish your songs were on spotify
Just made this, first sweet bread that turned out right for me, not gummy. Halved the recipe, and it is nice and spice-y, not too sweet.
The doggo is a catchy fetchy boi
Welcome back!
Put some lemon kush in the bread
Can you release that song as a standalone video?
I saw a banner that said "binging with Babish viewers watch this." I'm a subscriber already! how about "YSAC viewers watch this" on BWB vids??
I love your videos and think they're hilarious! However I'd like to show them to my kids but you throw in a word or two of profanity in almost every video, so that really keeps it from being fully kid friendly. I recognize the need to have it a little edgy but I think it wouldn't take much to make it family-friendly too.
That was a good song at the end
That’s some spooky bread
Who took your wangjangler
Make amish friendship  bread. And send me some please
That's some dooty bread
Please make a new origins episode
NSFW @2:34!
salt cant be haunted
I know I do thank you very much
Dang I only that baguette 😫
groom your dog.
noice
How about corn breas
Make a video on swedish biskvis
Luv u
the doggosss
i thought the thumbnail was some dank hash, this aint bad tho
Will you marry me?
Those were definitely pecans and not walnuts but it’s okay we won’t tell
This dood is brilliant
😍
Your dog is so cute🐶🐕
I feel like this guy is trying to make him scary like will McDaniel did his poccessed salad video
How is Pemblockto?
Ur dog is so precious
what a nice meat loaf recipe
Are you ever gonna make a new eggisode?
lol good stuff
Please be in my band
Thank you.
We miss you
Make merch dude ur legendary
Oh my goodness who does that dog’s hair?! 😯
Finally new video
Some countries don’t have seasons just summer
i missed him
i want pimblokto back
Anyone remember pimblockdo?
Winter>Summer forever
He is back
What kind of dog is that? You know in the end when the music roles? I just wondered.
666 000 views
didn’t you think your used homemade spice. also it’s still 85 out where i’m at doesn’t even feel like fall😔
When the Sacred Orange Celery Wand fell into the water and butter I couldn’t breathe
let’s get this bread 😎👌
You are a treasure.
Love it!
that fort though..
I still waiting on the conclusion to the egg series
See yall in a month
Banana bread is the best
Fuluufy cat u have
Okay but the candy corn thing is actually really similar to an old Halloween/harvest festival tradition where they'd stick random things in food and baked goods and the thing you got would predict the events of the coming year
Yes
You are second best. The dog is best.
Anyone else notice how his end songs keep getting better.
thumbs up for happy dog
Cute dog bro
I love your songs
wares roblocto ?
Wait he puts the actual way to make it in the description? That’s pretty swell 👌
1:58 was that a poke at Babish?
Ew






I mean yum
Can I marry you
lets get this bread.
What kind of camera do you use?
what if i can only find pumpkin slaughtered 31 days from a full moon?
Damm i have everything but the ghost where do i get one
I just made it
Wooly frolic-dog
i think hes dead
0.55 why is there a satanic star
This channel makes boring cooking videos into interesting cooking video. Also, this video is available in 4k.
Better than HowToBasic
I love your dogs so much
Mmmmm that actually tastes revolting
Can I use my volcano to bless my Maui bread? Will my bread taste better if I offer a sacrifice? I don't have a dog because I ate him but can I use my pet centipede?
That is a very good doggo.
Can we just get like an hour long song and dog video?! Sofa king awesome.
Wares pimblato
😂
I just wanted to leave a rare comment and say that the ending song on this video was legitimately really good. I actually checked the description for a download link. YSAC, you should consider collecting a few of your best songs and making an online album that people could listen to or donate to download.
Lmao, I’m sorry I haven’t watched you in 4 months ;((
👻
What a lovely good boii!
Time is an illusion that helps things make sense
Dogs.
nice sub-woofer.
I love you ysac!!! ♡♡♡
3:55 I thought he censors his videos?
👌👌
Hi
That’s a sick goddam fort
2:30 TIME IS AN ILLUSION, TO HELP MAKE THINGS MAKE SENSE... YOU AND I WILL ALWAYS BE BACK THEN
he s back
2spoopy4me
The celery wand made me choke on my soda hahahahahahhaha
Do you mean Pumpkin Head?
Excuse me
Subscribed!
But is meatloaf therefore not just beef bread?
lets get this bread
Hi
How did I not see this in my subscriptions
I wonder what goes through his head...
Where'd you learn how to cook!?
My ghost won’t stay still
Do you live in heaven?
What's his name?
Spööky
Come for the food, stay for the witty humor, and return for the dog.
I has looking for haunted ingredients but when i ask the worker they just look at me and kicked me out why
When's the album coming out?
if black&Decker isn't sponsoring this, then I don't know what fool they employ in marketing.
Eventually this comment, along with this sad lonely dinosaur, will be lost in all of the thousands of comments for this video
2:35 gachiBASS Clap
Finally
Finally
When will he do a face revieal
yo so how many dogs do you have
is there a link for that song ?? it's legit good I want to hear it more
BRING PIMBLOKTO BACK!!
Why didn't you add subtitles to this video? Is it cursed?
This was to scary
I love that your sense of humor is just barely balancing between sarcastic internet troll and a Bugs Bunny-esque trickster god who bounces from dimension to dimension before seeing one Martha Stewart commercial and has now decided to bombard the other gods with an onslaught of different cooking tutorials using methods that don't seem to adhere to any sort of laws of physics or general reasoning at all.... Big Fan <3
That song was clearly not written by someone who lives in the south. Cause summer sucks.
Almost as good as binging with babish
That's one soggy doggy
But what about Egg series
Those are pecans
Can I has your soundcloudy
chuffed
Owwwww 👍nice
The only good thing on trending rn.
Plz answer this question have u even eaten anything u cooked
Oh my
See you next time rent is due
He didnt let his eggs say goodbye to eachother
Who dislikes these videos!?!???!!
That brown sugar is satanic.
I thought that was a brick.
Who is this new dog?
YOU CAN TRY.. BUT YOU’LL NEVER BE BETTER THAN HIS MOM
Candy corn sucks
Let’s get this bread
Let’s get this bread
Our god has returned
He reminds me of the daily dose of internet guy
has anyone listened to his tips seriously?
What an interesting doggo
its*
tina ?
Where is pimblockto?
Are u binging with babish but not
Show us the way to not suck at chili.
Eating raw batter?? You think that's disgusting?! I'm sorry.. I have to unsubscribe.. 

Imma yee-haw-yEET out of here👋😔👊
the dog is cute
your songs are fun
Can I replace the pumpkin with bananas
Please make sweet potato casserole
i'm pretty sure the kitchen appliance, when referring to it as something that can finish your pastries or your bread, should be spelt "undough"
Is this not a full babish rip?
What kind of dog is that!!!
Your dog has Ramen Hair
fun facts at 2:14, turn on captions
Good morning let’s get this bread
This is never boring haha
What happened to your other dog
He's a lil silly in the head it's awesome eating the batter
What's your dog's name?
I made this and it is fantastic! !! Seriously ..my husband and daughter ate almost an entire loaf within an hour.
SONG ON ITUNES NOW
What happen to your robot
The song though...yaasss
Your dog has noodle hair.
i don't know if I should take him seriously, but dang this is a good channel
I fell asleep before the song at the end and had no idea what I was watching when I woke up
Hi my name is adella and I love your videos......P.S I am 10
I came here from trending and I am really interested
Is that dog made of Ramen?
how did you teach your cat to play catch?
I love the dog.
Very spoopy
The dog is awesome
Is it just me or did he hit puberty
Does ysac have a twitch channel
Wow 😮
Wait....this isn't that binging with Babush guy right?
i like the dog
Made this today and can confirm it is yummy
I bet this guy is hot.
Lame
Ye
Terrific funny!
Why does it it look like a soft brick 😂
Spooky.
Why does he sound so depressed
I'm making this today, wish me luck with my hibernation
I'm here for the dog
Spooky
Fff
Ohhhhh myyyyyyy godddddddddd he is so funny
YSAC, you never disappoint! What would it take to get a compilation of original songs from all your vids?....A greatest hits album even...? Also, if we can't have Blotto back what about an Egg Cops follow up....? Who's with me?
Pimblokto should’ve come back for Halloween as he revived himself from the dead :/
As an Australian I feel a little forgotten with all this winter bs
Mmmm Pumpkin bread
whats with all these heartfelt comments
How to make pepper pepper pepper.
MOP DOG
why would i put a vegetable in my bread that's disgusting i'm disappointed in the quality of this channel
just kidding ily ysac
What if it isn’t haunted
Your channel is so funny!
I like dogs
Undo on 4 hundo
Show us your face
I wanna eat that
Where is the next egg episode
Lol
Lol
Time to be spoopy
The lyrics to that song is something else. It’s so deep :’)
,,, im gonna be disgusting
I want to see your face.
This is Tim
🐢 
1 Like = 1 Friend
"It still doesn't make you better than my mom." How is this the first time I've seen this guy?
Wanjangle that sacred celery-orange
white girls approach over the horizon
You must like your dogs
Can we get a mixtape of all the songs played at the end of the video🙌🏻
(Also chocolate chips make this super good btw)
My salt isnt haunted, will it still work?
Cordless kinetic screwdriver 💀💀
These videos are amazing! the sacred wands are genius.
So much effort in one video
This was awesome. Good job
I hope you realise that you are now required to do cinematic dog outro for every future video
dog dog dog dog dgo
What is the end song XD i need it
I hate to break it to you buddy but no tool ever will replace Pimblokto.....
Okay this guy is actually funny
#6 on trending what
I want to see an episode where your mom makes one of her recipes
It has to be binging with babish
I would kill for some pumpkin pie right now
Booooooooooooooo
Why dont you have your own vevo channel
Meh
I recently made pumpkin cake. It tasted like puke. Mom said it tasted alright. I said I don't like it, she can eat it. The next day, it was gone and we never talked about it again. 0/10 would not recommend.
I truly appreciate the feeling of solidarity for those of us with seasonal depression ❄💀
I will watch these for as long as you keep making em
yo yo let's get this (pumpkin) bread
Blessed the food and I lost it
Wow your dog is serving LOOKS omg
To be hones though, that fort is what I want to sleep in every night
I'm definitely going to subscribe on this, very educational
wow, your "pour it down the sink" life hack just saved me so much space in my fridge, i had at least 50 pounds of unused batter in there. thanks!
I got scared together with the wallnuts
i thought this was a real recipe...
Yes
#7 on trending baby let's go!!!!!
The new HowToBasics
Be sure to do a thorough tick check after your Autimnal stroll in the woods!
These videos are treats.
i like
Bread is bread because of the active yeast reacting to the sugars of the wheat, therefore causing it to rise and create a light and airy texture when biting into it.
Cats are better. I rest my case.
048
Yummy yum yum bread
Good boi do a fetch, get wets
Many foods made
Yes
as an australian i hate summer

((me saying i was australian is very relevant and in fact gives me the authority to speak out my opinions m))
pumpkim bread/cake is really good
Holy yeet,#7 on trending.Congrats!
I think you summed it up perfectly
I wonder if anyone actually makes these recipes
Seasonal depression moods
its 3 am im so hungry help
DOGGIESOCUEEEE!
This video made me so happy
Ever made sushi?
I don't have any spooky ingredients. Will regular ingredients work or will it just make regular, un-spooked pumpkin bread?
Am i able to substitute the haunted salt for cursed salt?
summer is trash tho
What kind of dog is that?
It’s HALLOWEEENNNNNNENNENENN
Is the end of the video taped at lake superior
Spoopy
Are these actual recipes?
Why does the dog change every time?
LET'S GET THIS (pumpkin) BREAD!!
Such rich content. I appreciate the time you put into these amazing videos. You dont feel the need to mass produce bullshit. Just quality content every time. It's always worth the wait.
I was waiting for Pimblokto to appear all oiled up and healthy
Friends, did you know that by remembering the Works of Jesus Christ, which reveals His character, ensures us of His love? In the Book of Psalms, David proclaimed his deep yearning for God as he hid from his enemies in the desert (Psalms 63:1). Remembering his personal encounters with The Lord's limitless power and satisfying love led him to praise (vv.2-5). 

Through his most difficult nights, David could still rejoice in his dependable Father's love and care (vv.6-8). During our darkest times, when we feel as if God is not there for us, we need reminders of who God is and how He demonstrated His love. Reflecting on our personal experiences with Him, as well as His actions recorded in scripture, can affirm the countless ways our good Abba Father loves us.     

Start your endless relationship with our Creator by first acknowledging you are a sinner in need of our Savior. Welcome the righteousness of Jesus Christ into your life. Receive grace through faith by believing in Jesus Christ and what He did on the cross. His death, burial and resurrection. You will then be sealed and justified in salvation. You will be rewarded greatly and forever changed!    

Precious one, please find comfort in praying the following prayer with me.... Dear Lord Jesus, thank you for demonstrating Your endless love to Your people, in our lives and through the words You preserve in Scripture. We give You all the honor and glory and we thank you! Amen!   

May God bless you in the Glorious name of Jesus Christ our Lord and our Savior.❤️❤️❤️
hello i've missed this :')))
Where the HECK am I gonna get 3 haunted baking ingredients?
Can you release an album?
I’m honestly here because the thumbnail looked like weed
ok i might suck at cooking but that's better than eating pumpkin bread
Shouldn't you measure by weight and not volume when baking?
I made pumpkin bread the day before this video was made and it turned out not great. I'm so dissapointed that I didnt wait another day, and now i have 2 loafs of mediocre pumpkin bread. Do you know how it feels to have to dissapoint your friends and family with mediocre pumpkin bread?
It’s my bday
rad
Did you just insult my cooking.
how to make holy water
step one.. boil the hell out of it
How many dogs do you have??
What store do you go to buy haunted food
Is it tasty?
Cool af
He's a dog sitter he has a lot of dogs each video
Why am I only finding out about this now? Just amazing
This bread is extremely evil and cursed, but it TASTES SO GOOD!
I can tell you from personal experience, NO ONE is better than Your Mom.
Awwwwww, that winter hibernation fort looks amazing.
Dog footage is BACK!!!! Hype
A day when YSAC uploads is a very good day
You can wang jangle my thingamabob!
Its the little quotes that count🤣
One of your best songs at the end
What you do its simply art
We're have u been
FINALLY
This is great .
wtf did i just watch, i thought this was a cooking tutorial
Wow, you still haven’t forgiven your mom for the pumpkin pie spice m...
Everyday I hope for the return of the eggs
How to make weed brownies
I hate pumpkin
nice song
YOU DIDNT. LET THE EGGS SAY GOODBYE!
Post ALL of your songs on Spotify :) please <3
2:05.  "If you don't have two pans, just pour the other half of the batter down the sink."  I'm so glad I wasn't drinking my beer when you said that.
Thank you for the awesome footage of your dog playing on the beach! Your dog has the best hair ever.
Finally someone who gets the hibernation fort.
what’s the bigger illusion time or pumpskin spice mix
Your funny songs are getting longer.  I like it.  You are my favorite Youtuber right now I can't wait to see what you come up with next.
Let's get this pumpkin bread
Gagan lupa mabir bos
What do you drive, and is it a Jeep Wangjangler?
but can it be a halloween decoration?
Hehehe enjoyable sense of humor.
Im gonna follow these directions exactly...gotta find me a cordless kinetic screwdriver though...
Beautiful
🙂😄🤨😘☹️
Good Content
what kind of dog is that?
I can't find haunted pumpkin spice? Do you know where I can find it?
If you’re out of sacred harvest wands, can you just go ahead and use the haunted material in a pinch?
Where’s the Wangjangler?
I don’t have a ghost, is ther a substitute for the water?
Having a weird day. Thank you for blessing me G.
Huh.....I was just about to make some pumpkin bread
I know you are probably very busy but cold you please post more you are such a good channel and I would love to see more of your content
That end song was so good. You should start making music I swear.
Ending my blah day on a high note :) Thank you
3:25- 4:35 i forgot i was even watching a ysacyyts vid
Mmmmm a good video. Worth the wait
that doggo is beautiful
Can you make it without the pecans?
I want to see what he looks like so bad. 😭 I love his voice and singing voice so much
you are never forgotten
These ingredient is so hard to get..... :"(
Moar dog
That’s a cute sheep
“Sneak one piece of candy corn in the loaf and when you and your friends are eating it, say ‘whoever gets a piece of candy corn wins a prize and the prize is..a piece of candy corn. Congratulations you already got it.’ “
We want another egg video
Why does your sheep act like a dog?
no u
Why are no comments about how you’re a talented singer
How many dogs do you have wtf
On trending page after a day?! OK KING!!! 🔥🔥🔥
"Nobody cares why bread's bread." I'm hi af and that got deeper than I was ready to handle.
i just came for the footage of the dogs on slowmo
This is my first time watching your channel i was like what dat hell are you doing but aye it was funny😂😂😂😂
LOL S.A.D. lamp.  I have a prescription for that.
Always manages to get trending yet has only 1 mill subs
Still wangjangling after all this time. salute
the place he lives at is actually really pretty
lol omg I was eating pumkin bread this morning
Been waiting to long..
Damn, that was your best ending song yet
Someone needs to make all his music into a single playlist.
Lol no one noticed the star in the spice 0:53
Wow it's almost like there is an entire month worth of effort in this video. Almost...
dude I'm sorry but I used to love these videos at this point they're just played out
Does he dog walk?
I've heard that cans of pumpkin actually isn't pumpkin. It's squash. So you just made squash bread. And if you use those cans for Thanksgiving and Christmas for pie, you've made squash pie. Oh, the joy.
How come there are always different dogs are they all yours?
Where can I pick up a 15 ounce can? I can only find 15.1282648 ounce cans.
IT REALLY WORKS!!!!!!!
this is my favorite youtube channel, also your hands are beautiful
Pin me plz it help me sleep at night and get through the  winter 








Your vids are awsome
Ur my new favorite cooking YouTuber
10 ON TRENDING, YES QUEEN.
I'm 40 seconds in and I liked because everything is haunted except the flower
A winter hibernation fort actually sounds like a great idea
Soo.. PIMBLOCKTO IS DEAD NOT GONNA POP UP FOR THE HOLIDAYS 

OR YOU JUST LAZY CANT WRITE HIM BACK IN BRO YOURE BECOMING LESS ENJOYABLE AND THAT SUCKS. WE NEED YOU TO BALANCE OUT THE POLITICAL SIDE ISSUES HERE
One of the best channels in the whole site probably 1 or 2
This song really spoke to me... Why CAN'T I get a grip of the season I'm in???
I STILL REMEMBER PIMBLOKTO. IS HE OK?!?!?!
You make cooking really entertaining
Just like grandma used to make
Wangjangle for the win!!!!
Number 10 on trending!!!!
Where you been
Honest to god I thought that was hash
i like the dog
My mom's pumpkin bread recipe is better than this one (and has less Halloween jokes).
Weow wat   a spoop
Wanna have an unfufilling realtionship that only relies on friday night dinners for us to have any kind of attraction and kindness to each other simply because the food is sub par and because it's sub par I let you hold my hand for a soild minuet until I put you back on the couch because it wasn't good enough for you to earn your once a month laying like a plank on opposite sides of our king size bed?
my god has been revived welcome back oh lord
I love this channel so much,  every new video triggers an hour- long binge
So good. One question, how many dogs do you own? I’ve seen at least like 10 different dogs in your outro and I can never tell if there yours or your friends that you just use for the vid
This channel is EVERYTHING.
I love these videos man I almost choked on my wonton when he said possessed chicken smh
Welcome back, daddy.  Master daddy.
The subtle drill killed me
Raw eggs are my favorite though.
It’s so aweful it’s amazing
Lol wish I had this channel when young I could have made so many delicious food using my dad's tools. ..Damn 🤔 why didn't I think of that
Makes me miss Umblotto.
Hell yes!
Help I have all purpose with purpose flour but I'm the one with no purpose. What do I do?
Hi-key want to buy the outtro song.  You do not suck at songwriting my dude.
Let's get that bread
spoopy
This is my reciept for pumpkin  bread. Only 2 ingreadents.  One box of. Spice cake.  And. One small can of. Pumpkin.  Mix together. Put in a 350 oven. For one. Hour.  Very moist.  Try it
I'm disappointed in the cooking to jokes ratio in this one. What is this, potatoes?
Is this supposed to be funny?
Good dog!
:O #10 on trending, Good Job :D
You know it’s October so say haunted 
Like a hunted pencil
2:59
when i think i have a fun idea
Try pumpkin bread with yogurt (I like nonfat Greek yogurt). You’re welcome.
Proud of your journey healing.
Congrats on #10 trending
3:18 I was homeless for 7 year's and three of the seven were spent in a hobbit hole.... Even though it's been 5 year's since then I still miss it a little...
Say's while is in a bed watching TV show doing Christmas gift stuff and playing on a phone 8n a house made for people and not animals...
If I can't find the haunted ingredients, is store bought ok???
I’d really like to spend a day with the guy that makes these videos. Like what a personality: cooking, singing, humor, dogs
Honestly this was some click bate like to some Howtobasic vid.
The songs are back!!! I’ve missed them.
I can’t find any haunted salt :(
How do I know if the cow is angry?
Wonderful outro
That toothpick insertion was very sensual to me
I miss the robot 😞
thumbnail looks like hash
spook
Is this bill wurtz?
Wtf am I watching??
baguette can also mean wand in french.
dunno if it ws intentional but for a francophone its pretty funny.
Your videos are always amazing! Great job!
Let's get this pumpkin bread 🍞
Post more videos ;-;
U should do a face reveal
Why you judge my cooking skills
FINALLY
How often does he play songs like that on his videos

I know he did one similar to it last year
The dog earned my like
Fall>
If I don’t have cursed brown sugar, will cursed white sugar work?
Punkin' bread
Hoorah!
do something for Christmas!!!!!
Let’s get this bread
dab
I want to try this.
Where do you find all of these cute dog actors/actresses?
Coolest cooking video I’ve ever seen.
Spooky, i like it
I liked the fort tbh
The video’s pretty nice too of course
Your back thank the almighty KEK
"1 cup of chopped walnuts thats had the daylights scared out of it"...LOLOL😂
I needed some YSAC 😂💕
Boy I have been waiting all month for this
Thank God I've missed you
#10 on trending
NUMBER ONE on trending!
Haha the sad lamp! He must live in Seattle
This was a great episode mr food man
Your dog is the cutest
Ooooooo fort
ur mom gay
I want bread now
Where do you get all these dogs?
So how many dogs do you have?
....
I'm sorry, but where are the eggs? There are supposed to be more eggs. Like, alot of eggs. Please redo video .
I know you’re super deluxe
Why didn't you let the eggs have a moment?
I literally have been waiting for this  for a month, T H A N K
I’m happy u uploaded, but u still need to upload MORE than once a month.
😂😂😂😂this has to be a Halloween episode...I'm guessing
That looks good with cuban espresso
Have you guys ever wondered if he is the one that actually sucks at cooking
?
The music has gotten rather good.
mobile data well used
i dont appreciate this blatant winter hate
The song at the end is amazing
Omg you made it
This is probably the weirdest thing I’ve ever seen on YouTube
You should be on food network
I ❤️ Canada
What state does he live in
that actually tastes revolting
Yo there’s someone copying your video style. Just saying
Lol I don't mind raw eggs. I bake one loaf then eat the other raw.
Happy Halloween
Now IM HUNGRY
This channel sucks too
I watch your videos, not just for the cooking and comedy, but also the beautiful Canadian scenery
Your videos always hit too 10 trending when they first come out, and you only upload once a month

YouTube algorithm pls explain.
These videos inspire me...

But then I realize I can’t cook
Next video can you do a face review when your cooking something
The sad lamp instantly reminded me of the glaring light of the dead of winter
Ondos on 3 fundo wtf happened to ondos on 4 hundo
Hi love your videos keep on keeping on
Omg no way! I actually made this today in culinary and miserably failed.
YSAC teach me how to cook up some happiness
Since we are aproching the 100th episode I wonder what he will do.
I laughed so hard at the sad lamp so relatable
Quality content
why were the dog images vibrating? also who made the guitar noises
See you in a month.
be back in 11 months
Z
Can I get that song?
teach us how to male spiders or something else to do with Halloween
Is this babish?
I like raw eggs today I tasted my battery for some of the cupcakes I was about to make and I licked the spoon that I mix with clean.... mmm I love raw eggs
Send noods via Twitter: https://ctt.ac/29D45
Send noods via Facebook: https://hrefshare.com/a4eb9
came for a normal video

left with something better
I feel like his voice is supposed to be on bobs burger
A-are we going to... disregard the broccoli smash..? 🥦✨
If you want fewer dishes to wash then do all your cooking in the pot. Fry the bacon IN THE POT you're going to boil your noodles in. This also helps avoid WABS. If you're really lazy,  or efficient, eat out of the pot too.
We give thanks for the existential crisis. May our student loans be ever forgotten, our broth ever strong and our deadlines ever looming. 

Ramen.
The thought of me almost not clicking on this video terrifies me.
So this channel is basically a big giant flex on pretty much us all saying "Im better than you..."




I like it!
LMFAOOOOO THE NARRATION HAS ME DEEAADD 🤣🤣🤣🤣. Most entertaining way of cooking.
I don't know why youtube recomended me this, but I'm glad it did
This is it chief
I lost it when he smashed the broccoli 😭
One tip: don't watch videos about food, when you are starving in your dorm room
Wait you have to cook ramen???

Don't you eat it straight out of the pack??
Instructions unclear, noods now duct-taped to houseplant. 😳
This is actually the best thing ive ever seen!
Just realized that college students, prison, and myself value ramen the same way.
0:01-0:19 that was dark for a place I came to just cook
I just got food poisoning looking at this video
Your efforts in editing are much appreciated.
So like... does the recipe even work? Im confused by your voice.
First 20 seconds didn’t have to attack me like that
When subtitles are on the intro plays and says
"Lit intro song"




Weird flex but ok
I am convinced that there is straight cancer in the seasoning packs.
Always subtract more water with any packaged food. The instructions always tell you to add way too much water.
First 23 seconds, and I'm liking this channel already.
Boil the noodles? 
HA!!
EAT them raw!
It saves time AND you can eat on the go!
I combat WABS by removing all of the water.
No water means denser flavor.
Someday, we won’t suck at cooking.

Then you’ll see
2:39 woman's underwear, subtle.
U have changed my outlook on a square of precooked noodles... thank u..
the first like ten seconds of this video actually killed me. gonna go arrange my funeral now.
5:09 Raw Men. You're welcome because now you can not unhear it.
hello fresh for a ramen vid-- i like your style.
I swear,  everytime I see ramen in a video I get flashbacks to that horrifying HowToBasic video.
Is this just a depressing Binging With Babish?
Entertaining yourself inside on the Internet isn’t wasting your life.
This was amazing, never knew I would laugh when watching a video about instant ramen lol
Ok I felt personally attacked in the first 20 seconds lmao
1:55 That was a SMOOTH cut i barely noticed
"Which will help you through your two week vegetarian phase" hahahahah genius!
This showed up on my recommendation after I watched a video on how to make ramen noodles. 


First 30 seconds into the vid and already hit the Subscribe button. Becaz, damn, your humor is totally my type. 👍🤭
Just for the intro alone: thumbs up!
first 20 seconds are the most realest words I’ve ever heard
If you don't own a measuring cup, one tall can holds two cups of beer-

pours beer into a measuring cup
Your calligraphy was completely surprising..
"A wack load of spinach"
The best description I've ever heard
Oh hell okay that was straight into all of the problems that keep me up at night
you and your roommate seem to have an interesting relationship
Are the recipes actually good?
this was a spiritual experience, thank you.
0:00 - 0:20 is the realest convo you can have about our modern lives
So you're the guy who replaced my plant with weeds!
Amazing idea dude.
Love the saccastic tone bro.
I’ve never been more entertained in my life. Thanks for this vid, I needed it, rAMEN.🙏
You sound like scarra, wtf..
Best way to do a cookin tutorial +1sub😹
00:10 a job made by robots...
.... gosh I miss Pimblockto :'((
Dude hahaha why sooo accurate haha asf
"I use half the recommended amount of water because I'm a maniac"

Bitch I use no water
YOU have wabs 







Like to undo
i thought this was just gonna be normal step by step instructions

but oh boi was i wrong
woooo-wo-wo-wow

what a deep start,

let's keep on watching!
Its like how to basic. But have effort
nah, real college students eat it raw with some salt, straight off the package
this is making me drop off college
How true the intro is is scary
For instant ramen, you need to cook the ramen noodles separate from the broth/soup and rinse in cold water after the ramen has finished cooking to stop the cooking process.  that way the ramen will stay firm when the soup is poured on the noodles
The first 19 seconds of the video sent me in tears 😭 it’s hilariously and heartbreakingly true.
Ramen is the Honda Civic of the food world.. so many possibilities..
I don't relate to any of this shit, lol. Great parody account.
2:07
This is why you eat straight out of the pot
I feel like you and Sam o Nella would be best friends
I got a recommendation on a legit Japanese cooking video. Somehow that brought me here. Guess I'll sub.
3:00 has me laughing so hardd😂😂 drunk texting can either go amazing or just horribly awfully wrong and not good at all 1 bit.
"thanks to yt recommendations", i guess.
i didn't expect this to be that good
Omg thank you for this! You are very funny and help me cook to my siblings! (I did the broccoli one)
How do you get away with one video a month I demand more cheers
Are you the son of babish or are you his great friend
I tried the hangover ramen, it works. Thanks man!
Ooo! I'm gonna try this! Wish me luck.. just in case I dont have the ingredients
And do not have that first dri-.
Some time later don't eve-.
PARTY INTENSIFIES
hey jerk face where were you last week when i had to ask another jerk how to make good ramen?
Hangover Ramen...

That's basically the weaboo carbonara dish then.
4:46 Suddenly hq ramen shot
I dunno what this channel is
What would I do without these ‘ can’t stop laughing moments.’.
A 99 percent veggie ( eggs and fish inclusiveness), who loves these videos.
Of course I’m not so narcissistic as to think they could  EVER (e.m) apply to me.
Certainly helping me to expand my awareness of greater possibilities than dried cereal and bread, cold soup or beans.
The ending was very inspiring🤔 xD
I felt kinda satisfied when he smashed the Broccoli
I love the intro 🤣🤣🤣👍
Reading all the way through your description box aka doobly-do definitely counts as a prize in and of itself. I feel like we had a moment there, you know? I hope you do this more often.
This channel depresses me but simultaneously makes me feel validated in my depression
If you put the flavor packet in your bowl after you make the noodle then you will have lots more flavor
4:47 May I ask why it looks like an iPhone commercial? ._.
I love this channel because I've tried these recipes and they are great - but it's also really funny and interesting :))
The intro dragged me but I still watched the video. My life 😔
I have the same pen as you







Idk why I just said that
i am very anger that he make th3 soper good bacokn tht  wuz the perfectttttt and then do the rui nin g  by putting in some water me is very agnerererererererer me hate u tube (joking  luv you <3)
1:59 I've been chopping broccoli in a wrong way all these time.😞
OMG so funny! Yo, you are speaking the truth with that college/roommate stuff!!!
Modified ramen? Missed the opportunity for "Ramen Remix"
Hello fresh is also great for fifteenyearolds with young siblings, a mom with cancet in the hospital and a dad who eats at work and comes home at 10pm. 
Fml
Dam I would have been satisfied even if the video were only the first 20 seconds. WHALEOILBEEFHOOKED
Im sorry did that broccoli just EXPLODE
This morning, I almost burned my house down by microwaving my noodles 😑 


Your channel speaks the truth😔
pours two noodle packs and spice packet in a bowl
pours boiling water
eats
CLIMATE CHANGES
Such sarcasm...I like🙌
Think I just found my favourite youtuber
deadass I was lowkey depress then the amazing speech about the ramen lighten me up lil bit thanks!
Listen my dude, your ramen is nice and all bit I need to know what bacon cement is.
For a friend of course.
Alfredo Chicken Ramen
Cut Chicken into small strips and fry
Boil water and make ramen
Drain 2/3 of water off and add cheap alfredo sauce
Add chicken and stir
I've tried all these, 100% real, 100% delish👌👌👌
All I'll say is if you want that spicy peanut broccoli to pop, add sesame oil and ginger😍
Why do I get this feeling that YSAC is addicted to peanut butter? I bet he injects peanut butter into himself for his daily fix.
Instead of snipping the noods with a pair of scissors just cronch they in the packet before opening it
holy shit where has this channel been all my life i love you dude can we be friends
the video starts at 5:20
The only thing I dislike about this is that I haven't stumbled upon it sooner. Noodlesoupscribed!
RAmen.
Gordon Ramsey would be proud
I just found your channel happy I did tho I'm subbing 😃
'Grab a pair of scissors and snip up the noodles to make them super-spoon friendly' LMAO
I closed the video when it got to the promotional content, and I accidentally cut it off after he said
"I want to thank Hell-"
The hangover ramen looks tasty

Wtf is wrong with me
Haha, "Ramen". The best way to cook those noodles is to boil the noodles separate from the WAB. Don't use the same water you boiled the noodles in. It's great.
Joke's on you, i'm only 5 years too late into.. the... realization. 
OH GOD
Adding the bacon after would be tastier 🤢
Tip: adding the flavour pack after you cook the noodles adds more flavour
Literally at the first part of the video:

Hoy shit, things got really dark and true af real quick
0:16....ouch bro
This video earned you a new sub. Love it.
How the hell you are only american food vloger that have 90% of ingredients avible in Poland
god bless you and your kitchen supplies !!!
Vid was lit but recipe not so much 😂
I’ve recently been having an extremely hard time. For the past four months I’ve been in incredible pain, unable to get out of bed most days, missing most of my school, not playing games, just laying in bed. I’ve been really stressed because of this pain and all other things. I’ve become some one so different, not being able to do anything. Then I came across your videos. And even though it hurts so much to laugh, I let myself anyways. I can’t stop rewatching these, because they finally gave me a smile that I wanted. Thank you for this. Keep up the great cooking!
That intro was....surprisingly awesome 😂😂
bold of you to assume I can afford steak
Never seen your channel before but I immediately subscribed after the intro 😂
The first 20 seconds was too real for my life lmao
I'm confused. At what point do I place an order for pizza?
You really said the truth 🤣but too late;why m seeing this now😅
Beer measuring cup - I appreciate you keeping this consistent with the college theme.  LOL
"We'll use the vegetarian chemical pack."

I mean...
The first 18 seconds gave me anxiety
Learned more in this video than in my four years at college
0:00 - 0:19 pretty much what im thinking for my degree.
Made this just today! So good, but I had to use soy sauce instead of hot sauce. Next time I'm adding beef. Someday, I'll try the hot sauce.
Amazing video man.. keep it up
How hungover he sounded when he was giving away  Hangover Ramen recipe. 😋
Most sarcastic video I've seen.
Always gotta have green onions. Always.
you make it sound delicious and simple, even the fact that ramen looklike cat vomit
He sounds hot
I know I suck at cooking, I'm watching an instant noodles recipe video.
i don`t remember why i was sad a few minutes ago??
watches first 20 secs
Oh ok ty for reminding me shit
OMFG THIS IS QUALITY CONTENT sKsKsKsK 😂😂🙌🙌😫😫💀💀
You had me at Pedialyte latte.

BWAHAHAHAHA! ☕
These ACTUALLY look good


Good job!
That intro was... dark 😂hahaha!
This ain't no regular ramen,

This is modified ramen
0:00-0:18 life in a nutshell
This was on my recommended and I'm not regretting clicking on it
I usually chuck some curry powder chili powder garlic power and various other flavoring and spice powders (sometimes the flavor packet) and boil an egg with it sometimes I’ll serve it with meat, and while it’s almost always precooked meat I sometimes boil it with the ramen. I’m gonna go do some freaky ramen shit and get back to you with the results.
I felt personally attacked during the intro
Never clicked so fast in my life!
What about butter sweet and sour. First melt butter(several pieces) and keep that in s diff bowl cook that noodle take put the noodle water put the butter in the noodle bowl
1:22
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The first fifteen seconds and I see how I procrastinate and I'm already in.
"wasting your life, mostly on the internet"
Me, staring at my 83 hrs of YouTube last week, "what are you talking about..."
Also, my daily average is 12 hrs...
Oof
i wanna try hangover ramen. gonna need it in the morning XD
you use Ichiban? that's my favorite brand Man!
He's like HowToBasic but with a talking voice..
The intro 👌🏼 on point unfortunately
Ramen is a great food , nice and healthy  ... I saved $3,000 a year by switching to Raman.  I'm 76 years old and still kicking strong. My last check up everything was fine.. the doctor said you have the body of a 45 year old guy,  he asked what I did to keep fit like this,  I told him Doc.. I eat Ramen and fool around with the old lady 3-4 times a week .
The intro is the story of my life
Are you Lev Yilmaz?
the first 20 seconds are scarily true
Why sack 60? I love the quick cut end right after
Was the last shot of the uncooked ramen supposed to remind me of an apple commercial?
The intro made me feel genuine dread
To avoid WABS i always add my flavor pack AFTER i boil my ramen, letting it cook about 25 percent through sitting in the bowl and cooling down. As the beefy deliciousness soaks in.
I made a comment 5ktoday.






This is the best day of my life

4.14.2019
Noodles are too complicated for me
I will just boil 2 ingredients
Use siracha, hoisen sauce, lime, roasted garlic, green onions. For premium poor mans noodle
I just watched him pour the beer out in a measuring cup so he could measure the water with the can wow made my day
LMAO THAT POOR ROOMMATE MUST BE DYING!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Is this How to Basic cousins channel but more friendly?
After you make the hangover ramen, find an Italian person and tell them you made Carbonara.

Trust me, they'll respect how much you appreciate their culture.
Looks at handwriting. Are you me?
Love it! The commentary that is. I liked the recipe ideas, but I loved the commentary!
😂😂😂😂😂 lol too much of  sarcasm in a good way!
Hey YSAC! I just made poached-egg ramen!
You sound like the daily dose of internet guy.
See that hang-over ramen of yours? Eat that before you go drink, not after.
Stomach already filled with fat  before drinking will get you  survive longer on the drinking side.
Trust me!
You are hysterical!!!  🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ramen rawmen raw men r a w m e n 
r  a  w  m  e  n
This is the most accurate representation of the college life I've ever seen
I would laugh but It’s too real.
If someone reupload your video on youtube and they still  keep source like introduce that video for everyone, what will you do?( I don't know much about English)
Hello Fresh? Knockoff Blueapron is what you mean right...
2:39 boi if you don’t give your roommate her underwear back-
Haha   3.6M people who can't cook !
And now your roommates know you've been stealing their scallions.
1920: I bet we will have flying cars in the future.
2018:𝐌𝐨𝐝𝐢𝐟𝐢𝐞𝐝 𝐑𝐚𝐦𝐞𝐧
Help WHAT IF MY ROOMMATE REALIZES THE WEED IS GONE
Thanks for describing my life right after i finished college
COOK THE NUDES.

You heard dat to didn't you
I'm not alone
“2 week vegetarian phase” You got me bro 😂
Great video! Episode 80, I bet you've come a long way in your video making abilities, cuz this one was A+++.
If you pronounce ramen like “ray man” get out
Found this because of Robby thank you 😊
The first one actually sounds good.
I just eat the ramen straight out of the package
Is it sad that both of my parents said that the first 20 seconds actually describes collage in a nutshell?
that camera works

it got me scared


especially the egg part
>Boil broccoli for a couple minutes

RIP broccoli
I see you're into "raw men"
I don't remember subscribing to this channel
That intro CAME FOR MEEEEE.
Depression hit me hard just 3 seconds in the intro,  right away.

Well.
Lesson learned:
Do never watch this kind of video at mid-night
*sobs....
so much nostalgia....
I cannot laugh, remembering all those years potentially lost just to save a few extra $$$
Some of these actually look good.
That intro is me😂
Honestly?



That looks good.
Bruh just open a restaurant if you're so damn good at cooking.
Wow first 20s LOL and the intro  hits like a truck. ... That's too accurate I can't even ..
You got me with ramen and first drink! Subscribed
The Spinach and Steak Ramen should be 100% vegetarian friendly provided you only eat the spinach
This shit is hilarious. Takes me back to college days instantly
for all of u noodle bois a good brand is shin ramyun and theyre spicy but heckin good
Wow you were awfully honest with the beginning bit
When "How to basic" and "Daily dose of Internet" do fusion
“2 week vegetarian phase” LMAO. I’ve been vegetarian for 5 months now 💀
The hangover ramen is just a poor mans carbonara
Oof that intro was oddly specific sir.
It’s that time of the month again!
You said everything what is on my mind in first minutes i agree with you
😅💕 Awesome video
I just ordered 40 packets of ramen from amazon for 16 bucks
This is the funniest shit I’ve ever seen 😂
Im suck at cooking...
I cooked a chicken nugget when the oil not ready
4:46 had my brain so confused for a solid 10seconds
Wow dude, it's un wise to add any sodium to that already salty packet. HBs beware
i feel like you and i are soulmates so hit me up
I never knew people called green onion a Scallion, The more you know. Hello From Canada
Thanks, this is actually helpful.
The first 20 seconds is such a fucking mood.


Also dude, you're friken amazing. Just saying
3:36 That is Hackertyper hahaha
My college life is fulfilled
The gravity that this video Communicates makes me crave a Blunt asap ....
it’s been 84 years
Accurate intro

🤳
i love the intro
That bacon recipe is basically ghetto carbonara XD
“2 week Vegetarian phase” stOP, OH MY GOD
1 Like = 1 step closer to finding a cure for WABS. 
Thank You.
What this video taught me: don't have roommates
Woah,that intro came in and took no hostages
I was attacked by the first 20 seconds of this video
I subbed the moment you smashed the Broccoli with your fist 😁✌
Nice. Can you make for unemployed one? I already graduated and now I live at my parent’s basement. I was wondering if you can make one for me since I don’t have any roommates for the ingredients, and I don’t want to face off my parents this weekend yet. But I’ll find a job soon, so no worries. Besides, my student loan can’t paid themselves.
Well this was a depressing first video I've watched of this dude
At one point, you just don't get how serious he is and whether these work or not. 
Dank-Cooking breaks human perceptions. 
Have had this problem since I've known this channel.
YOU CAN SMASH BROCCOLI LIKE THAT OH MYYY
I'm crying right now.I can cook but it's not eat able everytime. I'm so frustrated😖
YouSuckAtCooking > Gorden Ramsay
Wait was the curry ramen after coding an Indian joke 🤔
Thanks for the inspirational quotes
You sound edgy af
That opening gave me an existential crisis.
Idk why this is in my recommended but I'm not complaining
you and your roomate have quite a relationship there. the friend zone might be cracked a little
I actually took it seriously and cook it. It was good ❤️
Im really not sure anymore if youtube can detect whenever im hungry
I won a prize! That's incredible I never win anything.
Wow! The start really sums up my view on life!!!
first 20 seconds of the video: destruction over 9000
jokes aside, seriously brown you beef before adding it to a liquid, why would you want gross anemic looking beef in ur food
That steak one looks awesome...I add beef jerky to cup of soup. It's good if you're too lazy to cook steak.
One of the most legit best unique channel on youtube... love it
Pretty sure you’re the definition of “perfect”
Lovin that intro
😂😂😂😂😂ooohh the end
Any one notice the Grenade pin next to the cutting board
4:52 ouch...

Why does the truth hurt so much?
You sound exactly like Harvey Spectre
This is the most relatable intro to a video ever
I felt personally attacked with that opening
I get drunk over WATER
Came for ways to make my ramen better, stayed for the college jokes
20 seconds in and I already subscribed
He just summed up our lives
That beginning....I F E L T THAT
Had to tell my mom I got WABS
dude what's up with you and your roommate lol
When can I invest in your washing machine company?
That intro monologue...

Are you me?
idk why people eat so much instant ramen, regular ass spaghetti is cheaper and better
this is fkin hilarious, subscribed.
20 seconds into the vid and I'm deddddddddddddd
0:03 was already having a bad day but thanks
I've made the steak and spinach ramen. 10/10 would recommend. Didn't boil it though, i fried it on a cast iron.
I didn't sign up for that reality slap when I clicked on this video.
0:00 - 0:18 
OOF
noooo you cook ramen first, then put the soup base

asian will angery when they see this
I watched all your videos I am now a great chef now
Your roommates house plant is probably non existent now
This is.. amazing
That has to be the most efficient handling of brocolli I've ever seen in my life
lmao so true about the first drink...
"2 week vegetarian phase" XD try 10-year vegan phase..
I'll never go out unless I'm forced to and I don't regret it. I like slowly dying indoors in the dark watching people like you in the internet.
Cant believe i just found this channel..u sir deserve a sub
1:57 

Shaggy at 1% Power
This is the ultimate in entertainment.  😍
We skipped the cooking and ate the noodles raw!
hackertyper spotted :D
Wonder how this would’ve gone with Pimblokto in charge... 😔
We miss you, buddy.
Tell me how you really feel about college 😂
"That bottle of weird vinegar".
I have a bottle of Shaanxi style black vinegar right now. I made dumpling sauce once.
you know how good these would be with wai wai, ma ma, or mi gareng noodles?
but i cant afford peanut butter what should i do?
UGH .. I start every video reeeally trying to learn a new recipe. But I end up laughing too much and missing stuff🤔.  I just hit replay for tha 3rd time! Haha. Great video as always! Much Love 😁💚
You've earned my sub👌
That was a saucy pair of underwear you picked out
the best one:
add noodles into a microwaveable bowl with water then microwave for 7 minutes, then add half of the beef packaging.
Parmisan is expensive. I thought this was for my collage survival
You smashing that broccoli earned a sub
just buy regular spaghetti and some sauce what
this inspired me to do my homework
Ok 2 seconds in proves there is a God. Subscribed 🤓
That intro is the truest thing I've ever heard...
I just threw up the sushi I ate
"Don't not get out of bed"
At 3:20 this boi said parm-is-on lol
I just took a break from studying and after hearing u are wasting ur time but at least we wasted it together triggered me soooo HARD!
‘Cook the nudes until they’re soft’
Licking the floor is healthier than this.
I dont have Scalions ... are oddly shaped Grassclippings fine too?
Also i dont have Curry Powder so is Coco Powder fine too? (I mean both begin with C so thats fine right?)
I thought your roommate fridge sponsoring you.
i don't know how to cook.
so i eat instant noodle for entire of my life.
Are we gonna ignore how he just slapped lingère for his next outfit? Okay.
What does Gordon Ramsay think about this?
2:35 32 years of age and still like that every Friday night. I need to grow up!
Ok about to try one of these

Update:I'm doing the first one and so far so good

Update: i wasn't sure about the egg but it turns out looking great and taste even better

Update:I'm trying the peanut butter  one and it turned out great except I put soy sauce in top and it made it better
" cook the noods "
I actually am going to make the bacon parm raman thingie right now. 
Edit: i made it and it was superb
didnt know what I was getting myself into when I started watching but I had a very great time
you saved my life.
This is too relatable. I'm scared...
That was a nice broccoli smash
That's what I'm handing out this Halloween.. Kids need to start somewhere..👍
Best cooking channel ever!!!
Thank you for the prize I'm not sure what to do with it or how to feel about it though
0:39 Or put it in a special place, Forever.
i got offened on the first 18 seconds feels good!
I thought this was a real food cooking channel at first lol.
I’m in love with you because of this.
Throw the noodles in at the end so it doesn't have a glue-like texture
MMMMM BAKING CEMENT
I think your faucet has a leak bro
That intro I pretty relatable
Im actually pretty good at cooking, I still use instant Ramen since its sooo much easier than cooking a broth for like multiple hours
2:35 number 3. Don't not???? What?😂
I subbed 5 seconds in
So...I suck at cooking again? (B/c the tomato sandwich one didn’t have that intro)
1:59 wait what 😂😂
You lowkey sound like Babish.
Wow...
U got a new sub
I'm a senior in high school but I feel attacked 😂😂😂
The introduction was literally my life 😭😭😭😭

Actually wait this whole thing
I thought this was posted in 2012 from the quality
Now we don't have enough time to unpack ALL Of this
And above all, do not have that first dr....
I love the beginning!🤣🤣😍
that intro... i feel attacked..
Best intro ever
This channel has been in my recommended for like a year now but today was the day I finally clicked. So glad I did
There..I watched it ok??
Is the glass less full or more subtracted?
Wow the intro is .... really a life sentence lol
this is the very most first time I'm watching your video and I feel very bad for that ramen 😭😭😭
Damn you really stepped up the quality with this video, nice work. One of the funniest yet.
Are you and casually explained related ?
This video saved my tastebuds and my finance
Or just buy Indomie for equally delicious instant noodle
Best intro
Send noods
Is this the guy from casually explained?
Spinach does have infinite shrinkability potential
How can a wheat allergic person survive in college?
Hooo boi, that is a bunch of overcooked bowls of noodles right there. It's a soggy fest there
that intro was too real wtf
First video I saw from you
I went from excited to learn new recipes to existential misery in about 20 seconds.
Dam that intro is genuinely making me depressed
Hey f***face
I loved this video
I didn’t know one video could be so helpful. As someone who constantly eats instant noodles, it’s really nice to now be able to easily cook different variation very quickly and not just eat them with the basic flavour packets
This remimds me of how to basic😊so cool
I never seen anyone put the flavour packet before the noodles lol
the last recipe is for me
That intro made me change my career.... a pornologist
I can't judge if these recipes are for real or not....
Just discovered your channel. Love your humour
I finally found how to basic's brother
Thank you, YSAC.
1:59 GOD DAMN that was soooo satisfying!!!
Actual tutorial starts at 5:15
This video had me dying😂😂🙏
Is this Imaginary Ambition's brother?
Best cooking show ever tops
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?



I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face..  :)
Is it just me who paused to see those messages after he got drunk? 😂😂
Y'all are saying that you boil your ramen instead of microwaving it like
Jesus i thought the tittle actually roasted us but Its actually the channel name
I love that this was on my recommendations, thanks YouTube.
My brain isn't Simone Biles, either, YSAC. 😂
old college humor in 2018
Okay ouch I can't believe you recorded me without my permission
ur at 100k subs, then i come back, and your at 1.6 mil subs. logic
Came for ramen recipe, stayed for a painful truth
combat WABS
If you look for it, this video has a secret reward
this is a masterpiece
Ramen 🍜 is the best
i couldnt find anything wrong with this video i am very disappointed that you are not high
jeez that intro sent me straight into existential crisis
......or just break the noodles in the package like a heathen
It wasn't hello fresh but my mom sent me something similar when I was in college and Jesus Christ it was a life saver. 

Not only was I properly fed and actually raking care of myself instead of eating pizza and takeout all year like my first year of college but now I'm out of college and love to cook and know how to cook.
"Cook the noods until they're soft"
3:01 OMG so relatable, I always get up at 2:48, too!
He sounds like EazyOnMe
Man I lug your videos
Omg I live under a rock
I am going to live a luxurious life from now on, and treat myself with expensive items

15 mins later
Yo, this is the first Vid of your I have seen, and I'm dying LMAO
I actually just cook noodles in the microwave
When people see how malaysian cook instant noodles
“I use 1/2 the recommended water cause I’m a bit of a Maniac” 

Me too omg
as a college student the first 20 seconds just put me in perspective...
He cooking the seasoning instead of dumping in on the noodles like an animal?
Had a friend who just ate the ramen noodle raw and crunchy after opening the package and sprinkling the seasoning on top.
Doesn't this kind of defeat the purpose of making quick and easy ramen noodles?
This actually very helpful!
Helpful video with a HUGE touch of sarcastic humor.
4:07 wait how did you -
apparently some viewers disliked the video because they didn't check for WABS
Wtfff intro so accurate
How did I get here hahaha. Thank you YouTube recommendations.  This is hilarious.
thank u daddy i haven't watched you in awhile and i forgot how great u are
i have been watching a lot of these and there are Gordon Ramsay comercials in front of all of them 😂😂😂😂
the intro hurt me too much
Omg that start is so realistic.
Nobody :
Apple ads : 4:45
Wait holy shit you have 1 million already. It seems not long ago I subbed at 100k. Congrats
1:58 that was satisfying
Best intro ever in the first few seconds of the vid
What an encouraging opening ♡
Do you not make videos anymore?? I'm going through ysacw.
Hilarious made me laugh throughout the whole video
who knew... you could put stuff... into an egg noodle broth concoction. my mind is blown. woah.
Best recommendation ever
Man you really love chick peas
Life has a little bit more meaning now
3:01 Oh my god the texts😂
1:58 Bro wtf that was edited right?
Woah regular show vibesss
The brocolli smash raised both my eyebrows
My preferred way to improve instant ramen quickly and easily is to cook your ramen like normal, whisk (I prefer using chopsticks for the whole process) an egg in a separate bowl, add a hefty amount of cayenne (less if you're a wuss, er, I mean spice intolerant) to the egg, then slowly stir the egg into the cooked noodles about 10 seconds before they hit that "3 minute" mark. Immediately pull the ramen after the egg is in there. Add flavour packet and boom. That cayenne adds tremendous flavour (fixes the WAB) as well as being dope for your body. The egg is, you know, actually nutritious.
Hangover noods are almost carbonara.
I feel like this is Pink Guy/ Pink Omega cooking. Or is it just me?
I've been dealing with really bad anxiety and depression, and have been stressed like crazy. This is the first video of yours I've watched, and I can tell I'm already hooked! This made me laugh so much, I'm really grateful to have come across your channel!
That intro though <3
Trending my boy!! Ramen 🙏🏼
4:03 i own that exact same rug
I love the introduction.
The beginning felt too real
Thanks! I hate it! I came out here to have a good time and I honestly feel so attacked right now .
that looks like pho. ramen has a very thicc broth
excuse can you change your name to your great at cooking
5 seconds in and his speech is going downhill. That is why i like your speeches and your overall content
YOU CAN JUST SMASH BROCOLI..
this is like a snarky and  lazy bingingwithbabish. I like it!
Isn't hangover ramen carbonara?
Man you really love chick peas
i was waiting for that hangover ramen bc it’s a realllll ass thing
We don't call it as "Ramen" these days...

We call em'

commoncollegekidsonlysourceoffoodfortheirentiretimeincollege.


Jeez. Be updated people.
i love how shits started 2:42 haha
This man loves peanut butter as much as me
set out your clothes the night before
throws panties onto bed
I know this video is more ironic than anything but you can switch out regular noodles for kelp noodles, they only contain 6cal/ 100g and you can soften them in lemon juice and baking soda👌 after that, i honestly don't think you even have to boil them you could just put them in warm water and let them warm up
Who are you and why have I never seen your videos. This video is dank man. This made my day hands down lmao. Phenomenal  editing and was all about that humor. 5/5

Oh yeah...
&
The ramen
Some parts are right. Some are not. Lol
I’m not even in college yet but this saves my life
10 seconds in and I already subscribed
As a college student your intro was too real
5:10 i honestly thought you said “we’re all men”? Pun intended!?
Gordon Ramsey has joined the server
That infinite shrinkabilty spinach made me chuckle
Ive been having a bit of an existential crisis for the last few days and this video made me oddly sad but also very comforted to know I’m not the only one who’s stopped having the energy to scream internally constantly and had essentially given up
just tried the spicy peanut butter, sooooo good!! 😍
5:00 too deep
Oh yeah yeah
The opening is too real.
Ramen noodles are med kits for gamers >:)
Is this guy in anyway related to How To Basic?
wait at 3:01 it says alice...are you cheating on kate!?
Use captions and listen to intro music
That’s not keto friendly
4:09 rusty nails?
Lmao in uni rn and the intro is so accurate
why this video keeps popping up on my reccomendayshun?? i already seen it like 10 thymes
"parmazan"
Oh my God the beginning is so true😂
i had a Japanese fun day and we had soup and i asked if they checked for wabs and they said no i think ive been poisoned
Ik the Hangover Ramen eases guilt, but will it ease depression as well? 😔
Finally a ramen recipe i can follow
Haha lmbo artery cement
Wait so boil the steak for a minute? That seems... Wrong
Here's how to save even more time making ramen, smash the package, put it in a bowl, microwave it for 2 min then went it's done add the flavor packet and much it in. This is how I have made ramen my whole life and how you should make it too
you know what.. this really hurt my ego
The broccoli transition was HOT
“ your two-week vegetarian phase “

Yep that’s me vegetarian going for day 6
Your editing skills are god tier
Regular ramen - level 1 crook
At least you understand school is a clusterf*ck
this guy rules
Spinach is keto friendly.
1:58 does this like actually work?!
I always put half half the recommended water
That Ding! at the beginning of each recipe:What was that? Sounds familiar?
song at 3:03?
At least we are wasting time together
i love how you still reply to comments
I feel personally attacked.
HowToBasic said "Not enough eggs"
this saved my life
I lug you sooking much
The first 20 seconds are too real
To combat wabs I use chicken broth and sometimes ditch the chicken chemical pack
Yo dude rude why did you just show my home on camera without permission of the mighty orc.
The opening made me sad
I always wince when he makes a mess, imagining how hard it would be to clean that up😣
So... cook ramen with bacon will cure my hangover?.... I can finally drink without dying!
Idk if I should really try these
when I was in college, I couldnt even afford ramen, now I work for Microsoft.
0:01 oh...
1:58 rip :D
i think on youtube every channel needs to find a niche and then try to become the best in that niche (at least that's what i am doing). 

this channel has become the best cooking channel! 🔥
The Ramen looks like a Ligma
ini mah bukan ramen tapi mie nyemek wkwk
I dip my ramen noodles in ranch
Sounds like he chose web design
"Pallet of opportunity with infinite potential" best quote ever.
1:57 S   T   R   O   N   K
THAT BROCCOLI SMASH THOUGH
These are good recipes. And sad stories.
He said parmesan correctly!! instantly subscribed
“artery cement”
Love you’r editing
I actually like ramen normally I don’t mind adding stuff
At 4:55 inspired me
League client suond going nuts
yo the spicy peanut broccoli really is delicious
That intro tho
Mark Zuckerberg reject
we want a ramen song, we want a ramen song, we want a ramen song
I do suck at cooking! How did you know?
Not just college kids. When I was a flat broke private in the army creative ramen cooking was a necessity. I've made parachute jumps with a rucksack full of ramen packs for field cuisine!
You put the poaching eggs in at the same time as the noodles, or else those noods will be overcooked
lol the first phase was vegetarian, second was vegan
That intro hit a little too close to home.
LMFAOOOOOOO
(1) Two cups water.
(2) Two pinches of salt and a teaspoon of cooking oil in said water.
(3) Bring to a boil.
(4) Insert noodles, not breaking.
(5) Throw away that MSG Suicide Packet.
(6) Take the noodles off and drain.
(7) Put the noodles in the bowl you'll eat them out of.
(8) Tablespoon of butter, two tablespoons of Soy Sauce.
(9) Scallions! (They're damn right about that)
(10) Stir with the handle of a butter knife to avoid breaking noodles.
(11) You're welcome.
These were actually pretty good even though you was joking throughout.
Wish I knew about your channel sooner
#3 On Trending
You remind me of Deadpool, the stuff you say and how you act and this video just screams Deadpool
Gosh he is so messy 😐
cook the nude
me: um, ok.
You could just add 2 packets
Thanks for damaging my self esteem
I love soft boiled eggs in my ramen
I have no idea why but its amazing
I found your problem, you boiled the ramen instead of baking it.
2:40 LMAO the panties
It’s been a long month, I’ve been waiting for this
Oh my God the intro.....I'm getting ready for college and this is the first thing I hear from this video..... unexpected
throw in the NOODS
dann ur hands sexy tho 😏😏
The intro of this video spoke to me o.O
DID HE TELL ME TO GET OUTSIDE MORE THE AUDACITY
Omg lolol "rAMEN"
Distasteful instant ramen noodles. I am just so much about that. 😖😖😖
You’re very confident for a guy who’s Videos people watch on the toilet
I've literally watched every single one of your videos, and I still do a little happy dance When I get the notification saying You've released a new one😂😂💛💛
i like this guy.. he is more releastic
I subscribed.
That theme song 😂😂😂
The hangover ramen is actually delicious thank you
The song in the beginning of this video hurts my feelings 😔
lets get outside more.. BUT subscribe to something that delivers ingredients to your house so you dont have to step outside!
I wanna meet his roomate
This channel became pompous and cocky but no Guinness version here and there. I thinking that I am blind.
I don't know how I got to this video, but I love it
You dont have work to do 😐
It's my first time watching a vid from this guy and god damn that intro is sure hitting hard for college students in america.
U rock bro😎
Anyone else hate those people who say raymen noodles?
cut up hotdogs. put in chicken ramen. done!
My sisters grandma is from Thailand and is realllly good at cooking.She introduced the  peanut-butter recipe to my family and I when I about 15 years ago.Grew up eating it.Every time anyone in my family would try and show someone one the recipe they would always get grossed out by the idea 😂This video just confirms it was actually a real recipe 🤷🏽‍♂️🔮
Memphis is sexy
I still wonder who his roommate te is
0:01 to 0:20 is spot on
Parmasan😂😂😂🤣😂😂😂😭😭
I kinda want to try the peanut butter one....
Wow that introduction stung, just like my heart after eating this next bowl of ramen
hello fresh sponsoring an instant noodle video.... perfection
Loved the intro
What the hell is baking cement
Lol nice hacker typer
Guess I live under a rock with my roomate spider
Send noods
I subscribed 😌
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂👌
4:53 motivated me more than anyone has ever done this past 5 months
I feel sorry for the broccoli >,<
Best intro of any video ever. Period.
This was strangely depressing
LOL this is great
your telling me you ate my own kind...
I'm having a 4 year vegetarian phase
Who came up with the idea to add peanut butter to noodles
The opening is me.
I don't want be disrespectful but..look at your fingers....
Love this channel more with each video! Please never stop making amazing content
tastes good my man thanks
I audibly gasped at that broccoli smash
Totally trying hangover ramen
oh yeah yeah
Hahaha how does he know i suck at cooking
that steak looks like it will give you a disease
So..... 60 or 80????
Ok i actually tried the bacon one and the peanut butter one i kinda good
or just buy some neoguri and put a bunch of leeks and two eggs in it after you boil the noodles first then add the broth
I'm happy now
Y hell did I just find this channel now. Come on YOUTUBE😀😆
Why are the first 20 seconds so true
food tutorial and college wake up call, content
Oh yeah I have bunch of vinegar and spices that I don't even remember the name.
I heard him say GO TO HELLo Fresh
seriously i wheezed when i saw the eggs duct taped at the ceiling of the fridge
0:43 Is backwards :0
I always kept Ramen in my pantry for whenever a friend of mine visited as she was addicted to the stuff. Never actually ate any until my late 30s when I hardly had any food in the house, and the blizzard that the weather guy said was going to miss us didn't. I wish you had been making videos then.
why you sound like guy from daily dose of internet ?
HE SAID NOODS
2:59 if you go frame by frame, you can see pimblakto's hand holding the drink to the left of YSAC's hand
This was fun
Perfect for rainy day!
Thank you for making me hungry, bro!
That's some dry brocs you got there
3:37 Seem Legit...
Freaking hi-damn-larious!
Oh yeah yeah
I've missed u ysac
Youve earned a subscriber
Great raw men tutorial
Who knew Sam O'Nella can cook? I mean, seriously, he kinda sounds like Sam.
2:39 man, he wears some raunchy underwear
Motherfucker the recipe was actually good
That broccoli smash tho
Oh yeah yeah
You narrated my life in the first 20 seconds thanks a lot.
Rawmen
hah, this was amazing omg
What Kind of student has money for Steak tbh  ❓
parmazan
Every College Student: Wants to know your location
your much more funny than robby lol
Dude you forgot sugared fried Ramon (this is a real snack people sell)
I’m a little- just a little- upset that 3 million other people watched this 😂
Does it count if I'm watching this video outside?
I loved this channel so much. I tuned in to every upload within the day.

But then he cuts his noodles. 

Disgusting.

If you want tiny carbs eat rice, but please don't mutilate noodles with so much disrespect. I lose sleep over this kind of atrocity.
Your content is what the internet needs
No it’s just a square of flash fried noodles
We need a part 2
selling replay buttons
Am I the only one who pours my seasoning packets in the bowl and not the pot?
Your hands are knives. I like your style.
4:26 ohhhh yeah
Hes gotta pimp his ramen
Holy shit lmao sending the washing machine back with a giant mailer. That's comedy gold
4:52 ...
beautiful <3
What you said in the beginning really made me think about my education
“Ra-men🙏🏽”
Wanna make this but i dont know if this is for memes
“bully-on” omfg
You could just use seasoning salt to prevent wabs
Dam right I live on cheep ramen
SEND NOODS




Sorry...
Who are you? You’re brilliant
When he said 2 week vegetarian phase I felt that shit in my core
I tried the egg one and it was actually heccing delicious
Ramen really does have infinite potential
I love sarcasm
Fries and ramen go good together
this is gritty, but I like it
Thw intro made me depressed
we waste half of our life sleeping
I love and understand the struggle of the RAMEN.
i like how his sink is broken
*lit intro song*😂
Automatic sub
I read this as mortified ramen.. I was thinking damn, what scared it so bad?
My arteries  clogged up watching the making of that hangover ramen
This is sad
0:21 that into got me, like i started to actually think about that shit for a moment.
2 week vegetarian phase XD That hit too close to home XD
Oh yeah yeah
I'm watching this for the future
who has exams today woot
You are amazing
I don't know who you are, how I got here but I do know what you do and I love it.
Hilarious! I stumbled on this and I'm all in! Very enjoyable
Are you HowToBasic without the poo and the pee
Mmmmm baking cemet !!! I love it
This is the first video ive ever seen from this channel
I don’t go to college but I live off of ramen qwq
The first 20 seconds sent me into an existential spiral and I ended up missing the video. I didn’t learn anything, and that’s on you.
2:43 Song ples?
[^_^]
if you bought indomie you wouldnt even need these non of these trashy tips
where is sad reaction :'(
Frick, i made ramen and forgot to check for wabs!





Edit: Whats the name off the song when hes at the party?
Spicy penutbutter noodle hmmm gonna try it out
An actual weed
I love ramen!
“P A R M I Z A N”
throw in the nu-
I like it so much
I can't eat peanuts. Oof
Cringe tbh.
We need Pimblockto back..
This is so funny xD
The fact that the Poached Egg one actually works (I tried it) is really cool
my poached egg disintegrated when i put it in - help
And me here when I'm in middle school eating a packaged ramen that expires in 6 days and using a microwave to cook it
This looks good
RA- MEN 🙏
How ro basics brother
You can thank me later for that curry paste you stole from me....
Generic comment
you crazy eating boiled beef!
suck at cooking he says
This was posted on my Birthday yay
The thumbnail look like vommit
It's a parody of the great Russian doshirak.
我要牛肉拉麵！
This is hilarious
Subscribed!!
I had a friend where hey dad just ate it uncooked and put the flavor packed on and ate it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Wowzers!
0:01 🌚 WTF
What if I can’t boil water because my dorms have no kitchens
That was just the prize I needed. It makes me sad and confused but that's just how I like to feel
2:43 takes me back..2 years. Sheeeeet
I'm so high right now I have no idea what's going on
It’s not a scallion it’s a green onion
So inspirational.
Forgive me Master, for I am late
thanks now i will not vomit watching how to basic
YSAC60
He is a party animal!
Do YoUr ChOrEs.
This is somehow convenient because my brother is going to college today and also watches this channel
Where was this channel all my life?
2:43 SONG PLZZ!!!!!!
0:00
What’s bulion?
Perfect man! Sent this to my daughter whose in college.
Too real
The steak yikes
This almost sounds like a cry for help lol
why did he have an alarm set for 2:48 pm
Instructions unclear, accidentally took out 5 loans.
I'm eating ramen
Robby sent me
Robby sent me
dont watch this if u stoned lol
Bro you roasted me so hard I quit college
How have I not known about this channel
What are wabbs
raw men
This is the best thing that has ever been in my recommended
Pls give signed pan for me😅
Add cheese to the spinach and beef ramen and you've got the ultimate ramen
I DON'T HAVE MONEY TO BUY ALL THAT INGREDIENTS
The tastiest part of the day is still the black pill at every waking moment of existence.
If your are picky like me 😉 just make normal ramen, strain it, butter, butter, and more butter, add cheese, and a few dashes of soy sauce
Jeezzzzz.. You just knocked me down with your overexcessive  sense of humour.. I still watched the entire video for your recipe which are not as bad as your ( again) too much of humour... before I stop wasting my time with you, I am just gonna add .. Ramen Amen...
R-"AMEN"
Broccoli Fist の Jutsu
ramen: stupid japanese noodles
Amen my dear ramen
3:01
1:58 that was so clean
NOT for art students of any kind RIGHT GUYS?! Robits can never replace US!
How ancient is the art of wangjangling?
Never ever cook the flaor pack, put it in your bowl and add hot water into it
Why does this guys voice remind me of bob from bobs burgers
Wow you guys have to pay to go to college.. Sad
Why every video of yours makes me puke and is so good at the time?
5:48 - Yeah mom.
How did you know my knives aren't sharp?
I love so much this
I watch it. Now GET OFF MY RECOMMENDATIONS
18 seconds into the video and I've already been attacked 3 times 😂
Everybody has those days..
R-amen 😂
Is this sarcastic?
i hear this voice everywhere
Those are some shnazzy pasta brick recipes
This is one of the more normal ones
R-amen 🙏🙏🙏
2 week vegetarian phase
kitchen imaginary ambition
Alright.
Cooking with humor
ramen hallelujah
Hey my vegan phase lasted 3 weeks
Hey, at least I won a prize (read description).
Ramen 🙌🏻
Omg man
The first 20 seconds cut a bit deep...
I don't use any water
Send me noods
メリケンのらーめん文化遅れとるわぁ。ほんまだせえな。
4:53 I feel attacked right now
Your videos are too awesome
I would love to put the soup base in my husband's left shoe
I somehow failed the first one
I dont eat that type of ramen
I love you
I might suck at cooking, but I least I know the difference between a green/spring onions and a scallion!
But at least we waste it together. I love you more than my parents now and this is my second video of you.
For the party thing we all know you were with one other person at most
What's scallions?
1:34 cook the nudes
I cook it normal then after I empty some water and then add the packet
1:57 a two table spoon of a mr.peanutbutter
Oh yeah
I feel attacked
just buy noodles
Can I get a Raaaameeen!
This is deep almost as my deep love for this channel
Do you eat all of this later
anyone else gets a Gordan Ramsy ad before watching this?
Two weak vegetarian phase.
That was probably the most low effort sponser bit I've ever seen and I love it.
Why are the sped up chopping sounds in all of his videos so satisfying omg
you succ
So well all just gonna walk past him roasting us at the start
1:18 HowToBasic is one of his roommates.
The first sentence is basicly my life. But im glad im a youtuber now.
Jeah climate change
1:00
Ra_men.
lastnight COLD food plus one HOT noodle , jobs done, a WARM breakfast ,easy peaesy
Thanks , now I can save money  and tell everyone , I eat healthy .
Wow, i didn't expect to take anything away from this video but i learned so much; like the expression "I wouldn't be caught dead doing such-and-such" doesn't make any sense, you should say "i wouldn't be caught alive doing such-and-such." Thank you YSAC.
"According to the internet,  if you're in college, you are required to survive off of this stuff (Instant Ramen), so that you can save money, by sacrificing your health and accumulating debt for a degree that you won't use for a job that will be done by the robots by the time you don't graduate as you realize you are in the wrong program, two years too late, but it doesn't matter because climate change is going to destroy us all."
too bad those noodles are petroleum based.
1:59 holy shit, thanks
This is mi ayam
Why are those who like ramen cannibals ?





Because they eat "RAW-MEN"
Edit : YSAC replied to me. BEST YOUTUBER
2:49 when Tina gets drunk
I wanna eat this
Friendly reminder: nothing but the noodles themselves are vegetarian. Even the vegetable ones aren't vegetarian. They have beef and chicken in them.
1:58 how tf did u do that
You mix my two favorite things cooking and INSERT JOKE HERE
R-amen
I had to rewind the broccoli smash.. how the f....
Is this HowtoBasics cooking channel?
ωℏʏ ʏ✺ṳ ♭ṳℓℓʏ me
2.39 jesus is that string ? Lolllll
rAhMEN
2:39 Who caught that?
u high,?@
these "modfied" episodes are honestly my favorite, modified macaroni was some of the funniest shit i've seen
How to basic 3.0?
I tried making the hangover ramen... it was so greasy and fatty i got a stomach ache.
Entertaining
i want to type that fast and no mistakes 3:36
i add the flavor packet and i think im a master chef
Please smash me like one of your broccolis
Am i the only one who heard raw men in the end, also this entire video feels like a personal attack to me and my existence...so not appreciated but it’s still lit af
I eat the ramen raw
I forgot you existed
Best start to my day! Thank you YSAC, love you! 🥪❤
I really want ramen now
MARRYYYYY ME
I make it much different, the way I make it is: put hot water in bowl put noodles in bowl, wait for noodles cook in bowl, then add flavor packer
.........
I make a modified version of the poached egg with white onion, garlic salt, a little soy sauce, dried basil leaves, pepper, fresh basil, and sesame seeds.
I ate ramen while watching this
I usually do the peanut one just with some miso, ramen noodles that are sold as actual noodles,  peanut butter and Korean Pepper paste. Tastes way better and since you pay about 1,50$ for a 500g package of miso its kind of cheaper than getting instant ramen packages.
You can put the prawn, bean sprout, squid, even seaweed, if when you cook the ramen.
The intro went from sad to super sad in half a second
wabs
If i could double like this video, i would
great, now i'm hungry
I LOVE INSTAN NOODELS TOO MUSH
Am i the only one who just likes the GOOD OLL plain noddle
in a hight restaurant they use instand noodles for hot pot becourse is small and can cook well in the brooth for a familie table
cook the noods until their soft doesn't sound right...
I like bacon ramen
Wtf this is the most relatable video on the internet
Will a computer science degree be worry anything after 2026?
0:04 LOL 2years too late
2:42 but isn’t that water?
Put a weed on the plant.....oh gawd
He sound like bob from bobs burger
I have a weird feeling that u smoke weeds
send noods plz
i dont get it why not just buy egg noodles or pasta or fresh store chiller pasta and add all the ingredients you are already gonna add in your ramen noodles! plus the ramen noodles always give me a stomach ache because obviously they are of lesser quality. a 400 gm standard pack of pasta is gonna cost you 50 Cents. so why bother with ramen any way when you are going to add 50gms (for one healthy serving) of beef to it ?
ok you're funny
(whispered) “i still love you” iconic
I like plain ramen and I have a ramen cooker and it takes 3 mins to make
1:58 DAMN THAT WAS SO HOT
0:44 where do the youtube money go ??
HowToBasic is quaking
The new iPhone looks lit
1:58 Why do i even bother cutting broccoli? that smash works better
im starving to death and im so hungry....i have literally nothing to eat but this unwashed carrot :(
Reminds me of HowToBasic
queef
Needs more noodles.
나는그냥 신라면먹을게요...
Rah-men. =>.<=
I Don't know what magic you used to make the hangover ramen, but mine ended up pretty bad with no taste
i have a 6th sense for the sadysac music
Wait, what happened to my noodles? They became a bulldozer.
Anyone else just come her for the first 18 seconds??
2:42 that broccoli has got him wasted
add cheese to your broccoli noodles
Is this babish lol
made my day you and all the other commenters in this thread are beautiful and inteligent and make the world a better place
Amazing!
Or just eat indomie.
Love your vids .so f funny
What's up with u and scallions?
Are you a scam artist?
No I dunt.
R/amen
I love them less sooo.. I'm just going to give them socks
Dam vro
Teach me how to use psychic powahs
This is struggle food
Ramen brother.
Pedilite latte. 👍
Why do you guys call instant noodles ramen. That isn't ramen.
the first 21 seconds had me dead
I modify my ramen with "Schmelzkäse" (don't know if there's an english word for it, it's basically the gluelike cheesespread stuff) and some frozen brokkoli. Really simply and tasty but obviously not healthy, you should drain almost all of the water (and add the spice packs AFTER cooking) to give it a creamy texture.
This is the only cooking channel that’s entertaining at the same time
Honestly, I’m going to try each of these...starting tomorrow though...
why is the intro so true
Or u can put it in a bowl break it up and put in some milk boom ramen cereal or if you want chips put it in a bowl break it up and u decide whether u want the flavor packet or not
He reminds me of Tina from Bob’s Burgers.
Is it weird that I want to make some of the ramen that he cooked..?
Lmao  o u t s i d e? I dont go outside unless its not a friggen polar vortex-
I love this lol...I'm subscribing
I typed YSAC6000 accidentally and now I have two years of free food.
THIS IS WAY BETTER THAN TASTY AND U KNOW IT
2:59
How to basic v2
Wahmen
I cook the first one every day. My parents are amazed at my egg talent. They bought me a bunch of chopsticks with cats on them because of how much I cook that specific ramen thing. I can never eat normal ramen again. I love you.
butch wtf
If there is one thing I know about YouTube, it is that a channel is worth a sub if they have an intro with catchy intro song sung by the channel creator. Bonus if it demeans the audience in a funny way.
Most of those were super gross but funny. That said, that hangover Ramon was basically carbonara and I totally would have eaten that in college.
Cook the NUDES oh yeah yeah
I'm eating dirty ramen rn
bro just bite the ramen raw and put season on it u done
Его не варят бляяять
An extremely simple way to make instant ramen taste a lot better is just cutting a few toes of garlic in there... thing is just that your girlfriend prolly won't wanna kiss you for a few days but it does taste pretty good
This was gross. But just for that prayer, Ramen, brother!
hey, I can see my house under that rock :p
HOW IT GO FROM RAMEN TO THE EARTH GETTING DESTROYED?!
Man I love getting drunk off water some how
Hey Bro can you teach us how to make a Kani salad for us weebs
I remember seeing that drunk text
You can also eat it raw , it is great !
I am triggered.
Well that last few seconds of that ramen spinning really hit me hard
No gonna lie as a college student who grew up with parents who cook, I didn’t like ramen the first time I tried it.
omg thats total me and my roomate
rAMEN!
So relatable
yee
This is sort of giving me ideas on what what else I can make with a noodle packet.
Ever since the instagram teaser post, I've been beyond hyped for this.
I might have been a ramen in my past life...
Second

LOL I LOVE RAMEN
Ra-men....
Education syndrome
Cheeeeseeee aaaannnnnd baaaaacooooon... I need it...
This kinda sums up all of my college and university years
Damn I wish I used the hangover ramen
the first 20 seconds takes the joy out my soul
I love hello fresh, I stand by it
You don't have to wait for a utopic future that may never come. Just sharpen your knife.
Raw men no noo’s (thanks I never had likes)
These are actually good recipes
I feel personally attacked by this video
Tried them all the best is poached eggs but and tapatio
I SAW THEM PANTIES
Dont make the broth when its still cooking that makes the flavor go away ad it after
His tap leaks.
What if u have big hands
Whoever invented  top ramen is probably the richest person ever...————
What's that party song that's used during the drinking bits?
1:57
sounds great
I subscribed IMMEDIATELY <3
Yess
This is still amazing content, love ol' subscriber
The end was truly inspirational slow clap
(Also the start is scarily correct and really makes us question the education system)
"Cook the noods noodles until they are soft"
You should really think about the things you say before you say them or else you might end up saying something wrong
i actually did hangover ramen and damn, it was so good
watches while eating plain ass chicken flavored noodles
omgggg that egg trick is GENIUS
I have literally just found this channel and I love it. Instant sub
idk about anyone else, but I got a weird relationship with ramen. Every time I think about it I wanna throw up but at the same time every time I make it I love it.
XD OH GOD THIS IS JUST
I wouldn’t be caught dead boilin’ steak.
dad what happened to your thumb?
Please read the description
Send noods
You forgot to wang jangle!
This is so entertainment
Raw Men.
half  or quarter ur green onion to half or quarter ur cutting tiem
He’s Pastafarian
方便面，小时候的味道，经典的味道！
Yay another video for something I'm not going to try cuase I'm lazy. 👍😀👍
Is that a gpd at 3:40
I don't fully know why but that broccoli smash was the funniest thing ive seen all week.

ohhhh i know why.
He always say "cook up the nudes"😄😄😄😄😄
That intro hurt me.
You forgot to add a gun
2:40 Lingerie?!
Basically imaginary ambitions for cooking
Noods
2:42 kinda scared me lol
Yeah, I have a paper due tonight :(
Rewatching this vid as I'm eating the poached eggs ramen
Okay so, this video got me inspired and hungry and I felt like torturing myself thinking up new recipes despite the fact that it's the middle of the night and no store is open. I went a little overboard and wrote them down, becoming gradually insane as I went. Remember to judge them harshly like they deserve it.



1) Sautée some onions
2) Slice up some long pork strips
3) Brown some pork in a pan
4) Chop up some Sweet Gherkins
5) Simmer a 50/50 mix of water and Sweet Gherkin brine
6) Noodles go in
7) Throw in the brownned pork strips and sautéed onions


1) Crush the noodles in the pack to make them smaller
2) Boil water, add noodles, then strain them good
3) Throw them in a pot and mix in some : tomato paste, bacon bits, tarragon, smoked paprika, breadcrumb, parmesan AND grated Old Cheddar
4) Optional : pan-cooked ground beef with HP sauce (makes it more like a weird savoury-sweet chili mac'n'cheese)


1) Sautée some onions, mushrooms, chicken strips w/ sriracha sauce
2) Boil water, add noodles, then strain them good
3) Wok-fry the noodles with some soy sauce and add in the seasonning packet
4) Throw in the sautée'd stuff, grease included
5) Add more soy sauce to make the alt-right cry (tee hee)


1) Pan-fry some fondue beef cubes
2) Pan-fry some chopped mushrooms
3) Heat up a small can of Cream of Mushroom soup
4) Throw in ramen, fried mushrooms and beef


1) Pan-fry some bacon strips (save the grease)
2) Pan-fry some ground beef
3) Ramen : crush the noodles in the pack
4) Boil water, add noodles, then strain them good
5) Crush some Doritos into a powder
6) Mix them in with the strained ramen until coated
7) Shortly sautée the ramen in bacon grease
8) Mix in the sautée'd weirdness and ground beef
9) Garnish with the bacon strips


1) Heat up 1 bottle of low-hop pale ale / golden ale
2) Throw in a packet of Onion soup mix (Knorr or Lipton or whatever)
3) Noodles go in
4) Optional-type options : lime juice, scallions, soft-boiled egg, nori, kimchi and whatnot
I love this guy
2:37 don’t not
I read to the end and wanted to know about hangover ramen and not about a give away
I love this man.... no homo ;) maybe a little
Carbonara noodles?
Get that wab OUTTA HERE!
Yeet
Can I eat it raw?
Ramen
You turned those instant ramen into home cooked noodles
glad youre gwtting the recognition u deserve
Life lessons from Ramen cooking videos. This is what peak college life is.
wow. this video just made me forget about wanting to go to Harvard
wait other than the jokes... is all this accurate
Instant sub...this is my life
Relate so hard
5:09 Did i get it right... ramen?! kkkk. By the way...love it the video!! That was very creative!
I really like what he says
I eat like this everyday lol
What did he say in the beginning
1:57
1:58
not
I think I love this channel.
Narrated by Deadpool
Hey like this
How to have a good ramen. Put kim chi in the ramen.
Don't feel bad man, your prize was amazing. I've been thinking similar things too. Thanks for the amazing video!
What, no Mexican stir fry? Spoon of salsa, spoon of Spanish rice, spoon of beans, hand full of shreaded chicken, warm in a pan with half the seasoning, add separately boiled noodles without the water, stir fry till it starts to sear, serve.

Full Mexican flavors, with Asian textures. Great way to use left overs
And to that I say...
R-amen
I just found your channel and I'm sorry o slept on this. You had me rolling in laughter
But... but... how can I buy those ingredients when I only can afford ramen???
Man i freak8ng love your voice
always wondered who tf can afford hello fresh
This is a good cooking show... X
your jokes made me sub
Will you ever make more videos like this?
About 30 seconds in i was ready to subscribe
2 week vegetarian phase,  damn lmao
LMAO nice.
Think you need a new sink..
Subbed
2:53 HowToBasic movement
rAMEN
How to basic 2
U almost truw up
When i finished my cross country race someone 🤮 spagheti
I’m flattered
Sometimes I imagne myself as a walrus and what kind of beautiful underwater dancing I could do.
2:34 I thought that was gonna be Chop Suey.
puts in broth 
puts in noodles
Bam
you have spectacular handwriting
the way the broccolli smashed... so good
1:57 is that editing or what??
Subbed 👌🏻
LMAO THIS IS AWESOME
Nice intro. . .
Honestly, I just get some canned soup and use it as water for my ramen. I like this because it takes next to no effort and the soup becomes really thick and rich while having noodles as a bonus.
i actually make these. like if u do too
his voice is me 5 in the morning
daddy
I EAT IT WITH PEANUT BUTTER TOOOOOOOOOOOO
Are these real?
Anyone watching in 2018?
01001000 01101001 00100000 01010000 01101001 01101101 01100010 01101100 01101111 01101011 01110100 01101111 00101100 01101001 01100110 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100111 01110010 01100101 00100000 01110011 01110100 01101001 01101100 01101100 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 01110010 01100101 00100000 01101001 00100000 01110010 01100101 01100001 01101100 01101100 01111001 00100000 01100101 01101110 01101010 01101111 01111001 00100000 01101000 01101111 01110111 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100011 01101111 01101111 01101011 00101100 01011001 01010011 01000001 01000011 00100000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01101110 01101111 01110100 00100000 01100001 01110000 01110000 01110010 01100101 01100011 01101001 01100001 01110100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00101100 01101001 00100000 01101000 01101111 01110000 01100101 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01100010 01100101 01110011 01110100 00100001
Who else is eating ramen while watching this
I’m not I’m collage but I live of these anyway..
i dont even know if these are actual good recepts or if they are just a troll help
Clicked faster then sonic running to walmart 👌🏼😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
Thank You! I love your vids - and this one resonated with me one numerous levels - "just be sure you don't"..."wasting your life on the internet" and of course the useless degree (s) but I did use mine ...Laughed my ass off, and boy did I need a good laugh!! Oh yeah, and for my vegetarian aggression, I smash that packet of Romen (in the package) as hard as I can - and throw away the MSG packet of crude - replacing with cayenne, garlic, organic broth, parsley, oregano, ginger and tumeric.
the first 20 seconds gave me anxiety. thanks.
This my Friend is the best cooking video I've ever watched
Hold up are you in Film school?
1:00
Looks like metal wires
this is dark and depressing... I relate
Wow  u must be gordon ramsay
dont cook cheese !! Always add it at the end, cheese is already precooked food
The real maniacs eat it dry
That intro hit way too close to home
R-amen
I laugh i sub
If how to basic spoke and doesn't just use eggs.
You are wasting your life on technology.
good thing I'm not spending 24/7 making videos
This video needs more  views
hit or miss i guess they never miss huh
Let's waste our lives together.
Me: Sees ysac vid
Also me: clicks on vid
Also anotha me : FINALLY A YSAC VID
Can you make a clean version so I can show it to my mom and let her make this for me?
Poor Alice
2:38 are you a crossdresser? That's female lingerie xD
I've been working in professional kitchens for almost 17 years and this is my favorite cooking show... fuck the food network
DUUUDE!! It's freaking HILARIOUS!!)) =DD
Ramen is not keto friendly.
why did i laugh
1:57 2:57
send noods
hey its me
1:58 WOAH!
a good tip for cooling it so you can eat it almost right away is put the smaller pot you cooked the ramen in into a bigger pot/bole with som cold water
I hate noodles. Somebody toucha mom's lotsa spagoot!
Tallboy measurement system is bae.
I was watching howtobasic and this came on replay and I was very very confused.
1:33 lmao 😂
i came here because my girl friend is a weeaboo
Don’t not get out of bed
2:42 Bigroom song name?
I have a very big seizure please help me.
begins arrives to hospital
You know what's funny?
hahahahaha this was awesome
*insert funny quote relevant to the video here*
Anyone who dislikes is a vegetarian.
so that means i live under rock because i never heard hellofresh :(
“Which will help you through your two week vegetarian phase” I’ve never been so attached 😂
Best. Intro. Ever
S E N D N O O D S
I lug youiii siiiiiii mich (lol what a message i try create new language like this)
Where the frickety frack has this channel been all my life????
the deeper talks in this video actually spoke to me.
4:40 not gonna lie, they had us in the first half
Rah Mehn.
Wait can eat them?
For cutting up the noodles, the easier method is to open one side of the package, crunch up the noodles using your palms, then cook the ramen
can this comment get a like because why not
这不就是煮方便面吗？！
wut did i just watch....
the beginning made me depressed af
lol what losers, not knowing how to cook
no u
you are howtobasic 2
War on Wabs!
no u
R.I.P
BROCCOLI
2018-2018
YOU WILL BE MISSED
20 seconds in the video I'm already suicidal
4:09 well you can also just break the noodles in half or 1/4 while it was on the packaging so you won't snip it.
DYING! Should not have watched this at a coffee shop. Scalding coffee out nose from laffing=PAIN
Are these great recipes even edible?
Lol this guy is so mf sarcastic 😭😭😭
He forgot the og hot sauce and chicken ramen
Instant noodles has Infinite potential
as a rabid noodle eater, id like to try these all out.
2:40 explain
Someone that has made one of his recommendations, how does it taste?
SUBSCRIBED!!!
I just eat it raw
Shit this thing is actually addictive
makes sense
Too true
yeah instant noodles...that wax and cancer woohooo
This is Babish? Right?
RAmen
That intro... god dammit.
Those first 20 seconds. Why u do this I just came for the ramen
.
3:20 so you’re making carbonara by with ramen noodles?
Dude you really helping me don't to die by starve
YOOOO JUST FOUND THIS CHANNEL, IT IS DIVINE
why not use regular noodles at this point?
1:58 NANI
Uses hackertyper on a macbook...
i feel attacked
PUT DOWN THE CHULUPA TODD?
Eating ramen rn LOL
Dude is funny. You're good
Way to go. Lol
I bet the only reason he side tracked with the note was so he wouldn't have to take the blame for the over boiled ramen
Sounds a little bit like binging with babish
4:45 is when the apple commercial for the new iramen starts
That ramen turns at 4:45 ook like Apple promoting its new iphones
I get the joke, but there’s many problems with that note.
1. Your roommates don’t know who it’s targeting, as it is not specified.
2. Your roommates don’t know what you’re mad about, as, again, it is not specified.
3. Your roommates don’t even know who’s mad! As, again, it is not specified!
To sum up, they don’t know who is mad at who for what.
2:40 woman underwear?
that so bad
Nice
I love this video... you're amazing
Noodle recipe. 
Rice vinegar,
Maggie seasoning,
Soy sauce
Agave syrup


Ok now steam veggies for like 5 min

The boiled water now =/= veggie stock. Open noodle packet. Pour stock water om water. Let it soggify as per ur liking. Ok now put all the sauces to ur taste. Add half chillie into water. Add veggies. Boom. Done. boo
I just mix ramen with ground beef, pork, or chicken. Fantastic stuff.
When you smashed that broc it made me shed a tear of joy
this sums up my life in college
He sounds like binging with bambush
rAmen Brother, rAmen
I can smell this video
this sounds like a 2007 2008 hipster
Rip roommate
I just put garlic, salt, and pepper in mine but now I put eggs.
that sounds so american
Ugh I want ramen now
I’m never liked the broth in noodle and I always feel back for not drinking it
Oh hey I have he same socks as u
I just discovered this channel, I love it.

(this might be a parody channel idk)
Aren't you supposed to cook the meat before you put it in anything else? Isn't raw meat like not good to put with other foods if it's not cooked?

Just wondering, please no hate, I'm genuinely just wondering cuz idk anything about this channel 😅🤷🏼‍♀️
4:27 can I eat it even tho it’s boiled or am I gonna get salmonella?
You think that college students can afford steak? Put what world are you living in.
Yummy
Lol anybody else catch the woman's panties at 2:40? Lol
Tweet the tomato: https://ctt.ac/RrUe7
F book the tomato: https://hrefshare.com/ca0e8
Sponsored by Ford, Coca-Cola, The NRA, and Jesus.
hey just one question are you high or a genius
.
Imagine what the people think when he walks by, is that man recording a sandwich
I would probably starve to death trying to follow these instructions to the letter.  But that would build character.  Out in the country.  Where tomatoes are from.
Are we just going to ignore the fact that he just traded about 1 oz of rhodium for a bit of salt?
In all seriousness, though. I love tomato and mayo sandwiches. I think I might go make one right now.
I learned so much from this video. Things like bartering, perseverance, and the gratuitous use of technology.
Legend has it he's still enjoying his sandwich to this day which is why he hasnt uploaded
A time before I sucked at cooking
Hey is it safe to add cheese or does that enhance the flavour beyond our dimension
Man this channel is the best I have ever stumbled upon.😂😂😂
The cinematography was as crisp as this sandwich! Keep on trucking partner 🍅
Honestly I never thought such a simple sandwich would work. Being raised in a Mormon household I was raised with the belief that a sandwich has to have at least 7 layers  (as 7 is the holy number). However after watching this video I have conformed to Buddhism and started a tomato, bread, mayonaise shop on the corner of my street in the hope that a curious and inquisitive individual will figure out what to do. THANK YOU.
So... I don't suck at cooking anymore?
Thought it was a Heinz ketchup commercial.
Youtube apparently unsubscribed me from your channel? Definitely not something I would've done personally. Always excited about a new upload.
howd I miss this epic tomato sandwich vid - I blame youtube algorithm
I read the title ask "tomato sandwich" and I said to myself who would eat plain tomatoes in bread..?
But you didn't pepper pepper pepper!
Everything he said just made me think of Mr. Tweak talking about coffee in South Park
Didn't know anyone else ate tomato sandwiches. My grandma always made hers with butter instead of mayo. My mom, sister, and I always look forward to when we have fresh tomatoes from the garden; so we can eat tomato sandwiches.
Who else is eating this while watching
one kilogram of rhodium is ~70,000 USD while salt is usually about 2.00 USD per kilogram
Do a shoulder reveal
The end of my wheat broke off.. So I couldn't make this recipe 😨
"500 watt galvanized steel nichrome wire lateral current low impedance split phase omnidirectional quad voltage wide arc triple coil toasting machine" I need one of those
Edit:how the hell did you get rhodium that big. That thing cost me $80/gram
OMG PUT ON SUBTITLES AND AT 2:33 WHEN HE SAYS ILLUMINATI WATCH THE SUBTITLES!
1:47 (with subtitles turned on)
Hercules: I'm a plant?
Brilliant. As always.
I just made me one after this video and my god, that was so delicious.
This seems aggressively midwestern
This reminds me of Simple Ricks’s from Rick and Morty 😅
I got a couple chuckles from this LOL
I felt like i was watching a dodge commercial
wish i could own a 500 watt galvanized steel nichrome wire lateral current low impedance split phase omnidirectional quad voltage wide arc triple coil toasting machine.
i'm alreaDY LOVE THIS CHANNEL
Where in the world does this guy live!?!?!?! There's oceans, fields of wheat, streams and forests, is that even geographically possible?!?!
2:43
“Out in the yAArd”
Sounds familiar.... Ram Ranch...
By golly that looks scrumptious. Beautiful video mate.  G'day
500 watt galvanized steel nichrome wire lateral current low impedance split phase omnidirectional quad voltage wide arc triple coil toasting machine.
Also known as the "Toaster".
Can we get an episode on Sushi? 


Probably not. But I wish.
Disclaimer: Add bacon and lettuce
You didn't Pepper Pepper Pepper? Is this lore? Are you being held hostage?
I ate this all the time growing up! Even better with raw red onion and American cheese
Tomatoes grow on soybean plants?
I silently said "pepper, pepper, pepper" to myself ... as though I were praying 😂
Cinematography 10/10
Well add some bacon and lettuce, than you got the perfect sandwich 👍🏼
This humor is brilliant---ironic, cleverly written, satirical, and all the good things comedy should be
Yeah, out in the country, but what country?  Moldova?  Japan?


I think it looked like Japan.
i'm from the south and this is pretty damn spot-on
This is so relaxing it's gonna make me fall back to sleep
One of your best videos.  Could be the best one.
sees the vast cornfields in the video 
Gee, I didn't know you were from Ohio
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ON COMPUTER GO OUTSIDE ITS BEAUTIFUL NYAGHH
Idk y.. But I feel like this is the manliest sandwich ever.. 
Unless chuck norris makes a sandwich..  Cause... Instantly that becomes the manliest sandwich ever..
ive never had a tomato sandwich before so i will try this, and follow the instructions exactly.
im not comfortable with the way you said "plunge it all the way down"
you made me laugh at a very desperate time, thank you sir.
How did you make a 1 minuten explanation take 3minutes Long
we Need more content! I don't know what you do in life but come on! what could be cooler than making these videos!
seriousley though these videos make my day every time I watch them.
Yeah I'm totally gonna poison myself by putting raw tomatoes on a sandwich. Nice try pal, you can't kill me that easily.
I've never heard of that sandwich, but it looks good
But what if I don't have a 500 Watt Galvanized-steel-nichrome-wire-lateral-current-low-impedance-split-phase-omnidirectional-quad-voltage-wide-arc-triple-coil-toasting-machine?




... powered by an 8'000 HP truck.
Whoever did the closed captions, thank you for the visual gag. LOL
"You're paying way too much for worms, man. Who's your worm guy?"
That's what I thought of when I saw the exchange of Rh -> NaCl.
Simple Rick!?
I cried... the most perfekt sandwitch ever made. BEAUTYFULL
What if I live on a planet that doesn't have a moon? Is there an alternate source of strong, crisp light that I can use?
My new favorite channel. 
Please never stop! 😊😶
These have become full blown masterpieces and you could easily make advertisements and highly paid prestigious content. This is fantastic.
thanks for your humor it really helps me in times of sadness <3
I don't even like tomatoes, but I'll watch your videos.
This ain't a cooking video. It's a  truck commercial.
That was all inspiring. I'm touched in places I haven't been touched in years..
Better than everything else on youtube trending, pretty much. Now i'm hungry :)
this was a masterpiece, that i needed on a lonely friday night
🤣🤣🤣😍😍😍😍
Gently place it on your 500 watt galvanized steel nichrome wire lateral current low impedance split phase omnidirectional quad voltage wide arc triple coil toasting machine
YSAC clipped his finger nails wayy too short... also I can't believe you just taught us to stick a fork in the toaster wow
This may be my favorite video you've done, well played
chemtrails everywhere
Epic, almost cried. XD
Best non-truck truck commercial I’ve seen.
I only have a normal toaster, does it have to be a 500 watt galvanized steel nichrome wire lateral current low impedence split phase omnidirectional quad voltage wide arc triple coil toasting machine?
Those aren't tomato plants. Tomato plants are way higher just so you know I'm not trying to be a snob
Man, you're the best!! Please never stop doing this
The strong, crisp light of the 🌝😂
That was incredibly relaxing. Thank you for that. Also, your voice is golden like wheat, strong like rhodium, soothing like the saltwater stream.
Sell it your neighbour as a pillow 🤣
Can you do more tomato stuff please I love you.
Isn’t this a re-upload?
I had toasted tomato sandwiches for lunch and surprisingly it was really good. 10/10
I don’t even like tomato sandwiches, but this is a new upload, so I don’t care.
Such a beautiful and inspiring story
This is so relaxing
I would molest that sandwich 😏😋
been here since you had like 10 vids or something. so proud of you man<3
Out in the country...

Where tomatoes are grown...
I've been making this sandwich for over 30 years. Still my favorite. People say you're already most of the way to a BLT, but you don't need to go all the way. This'll do just fine.
Never has something so wonderfully silly made me so hungry.
You have 1 mil subs now? I didnt notice
Domo arigato where's Mr. Pemblockto?
This is an attack on every Nebraska tourist commercial ever
I'm eating a Toasted Tomato Sandwich just thinking about having a Toasted Tomato Sandwich
Isn't this the spokes person from Carls Jr comercials?...and the mayority of pick up truck comercials X^D
1. Put ye bread in the toaster.
2. Put ye tomato’s in it
3. Enjoy!
Oh my GOD. I HAVE A THEORY YOURE HOW TO BASIC. Explain the old "egg saga"
I absolutely LOVE the effort you put into these. 👏👏 The humor, the set up everything! I love this channel!❤️
ima keep it real witchu chief
*that ain't a tomato plant*
10/10 , i nominate this for best video 2018!
Ok OK you convince me I just subscribed
Is anyone else really really wondering who he is and then feeling sad because he'll probably never tell?J-just me?Okay..
Country roooooooaaaaaads, Take me hoooooooome
To the plaaaaaaaaace I belooooooooooooong
West Virginiaaaaaaaaa, mountain mommaaaaaaaaaaaa
Take me hooooooome, country roaads
Your videos are so good! Keep it up  :)
Definitely your best video yet man, love it!
Just started the video and I know the recipe (because I love it,) it's toasted white bread, mayo, salt and pepper, tomatoes. Best way.
Ah, you never fail to make me appreciate life, to laugh, and to make me hungry :D
I saw the sandwich and instantly thought "pleeeaase be YSAC! 😂
beautiful. an absolute masterpiece. i really felt like i was there among the peppercornstalks
NO YSAC INTRO?!
Let's bask in the glory of our lord and savior the whole wheat pillow neighbor man.
Hey, how's pimblakto?
Casually Explained and How to Basic=This guy
you are obviously more than just an engineer at food...that was some pretty fancy words spoken while standing in the field of cash crop.
I literally make these all summer long. I also live in a town with no stop lights and more cattle than people soo. This is an accurate representation.
What if we don't have a 500 watt galvanized steel nichrome wire lateral current low impedance split phase omnidirectional quad voltage wide arc triple coil toasting machine powered by an 8000 horsepower truck?

Update: I borrowed my friend's 500 watt galvanized steel nichrome wire lateral current low impedance split phase omnidirectional quad voltage wide arc triple coil toasting machine powered by an 8000 horsepower truck, I now have it powered up and ready to go.
Actually, honestly thank you for this video. I am starving and poor and this sandwich looks delicious. Gonna go make it 
Thanks man
I have tears in my eyes. This was so heart warming.
This is delightfully hilarious. I keep thinking I know which way the episode was going to progress and then it took a turn and RHODIUM! Thanks for posting this video, though. I'll have to make myself one soon
Thankyou, this was a very informative video..
i cant tell if your content is getting better or worse
Somehow, this was one of my all time favorite videos from you! I was entranced.
nah, too commercial for me
so much refined sunlight... i go directly to the source, and so should you:
photosyntesize.
The new far cry 5 dlc is looking good
I half-expected this video to end with such-and-such politician not being affiliated with this advertisement for how similar it sounds to shit I actually hear on local radio stations.
The name's Mato..

.. Tom Mato
god i missed this channel i lost it in utubs alogithems :( finaly ! <3
If my arch enemy shows up here talking about his love for tomatoes, I'm gunna be awful sore.
The entire cucumber community grieves silently. 😂
Everything about this sandwich says INFLAMMATION lol PASS
My dude if we are ever half as entertaining as you, I would be freaking ECSTATIC!!!!!!
The intro song never happened and now I wonder if we don't suck at cooking anymore 🤔
This is super ridiculous and I like it.
Also I'm glad you didn't sing
Your voice. It changed?
And now I know 🤔... where the tomatoey mayotastics come from
I’m from North Carolina and this is inaccurate. We toast our whole wheat bread using cow brands.
Puhhhhhhh like we don’t know where a tomato is from. 

Daddy what’s a tomato
I'm in love with you (and the tomato)
You can burn in hell,
My BrEaD iS cRyInG
Hey ty for this, missed ur vids, mang..... msg me for ideas I'll send it in bulk
I've never seen tomatoes growing in a soybean field.
I think your Ausome:-)
WHERE'S THE FRICKEN MAYO!!???
this is actually really good tho
I love tomato sandwiches tbh. my papa makes them the best for some reason lol
this was the best (and only) tomato commercial i have ever seen!

once you have a channel that can make a normal tomato seem cool you really made it! (i am not there yet)
i thought i clicked a gordon ramsay video
yes yummy yummy
DON LEGEND ESAU-THE BOOK
Very few videos nowadays can bring tears to my eyes



Good job Mel
Salt can also be harvested by evaporating a mixture of armpit sweat and urine.
This video made me straight.
Now I am craving that sandwich and fresh country air😋
Our Lord has come back after EONS!!!
The voice. The cinematography. The tomato. Iconic.
I feel like an episode with a bunch of creepy shit happening in the background could be done really well by him, like someone stalking him maybe
Just because I made a tomato sandwich right after watching this and I put pepper on it which I don't even like, that doesn't prove anything.

That also applies to the second tomato sandwich I made.
This is so relaxing it's gonna make me fall back to sleep
A place far away from the opening ysac theme song.
That's a tasty tomato
A shoe reveal!!
probably your best video yet <3
One of the best YSAC videos yet. Seriously: I gotta go find some Rhodium and get started here, my mouth is watering.
I’ve honestly never seen any YouTube who puts more work, effort, and comedy into their video. Keep up the great work
So...beautiful..

I think...




I'm crying...
For someone who generally doesn't like mayo, I gave this a try and fell in love with it.
This is the best cooking video I’ve ever watched
Instructions not clear.
Created a atomic sandwich
directions unclear: Now have wheat zombies.
That was beautiful. Brought a tear to my eye
The tomato at the end was so perfect I cried.
There was no sun ITS UNDERCOOKED BRO
TOMATOES, TAKE ME HOME.
TO THE PLACE, WHERE YOU GROW.
RHODIUM TRADE, BURLAP PILLOWS.
TAKE ME HOME, TOMATOES.
How could anyone dislike this piece of art
i feel like you could play this in a field and stream and nobody would notice until he says "parallelograms"
does anyone know the song played in the background?
Is it just me or was YSAC channeling the Motel 6 guy voice?!?! I love it!
*Wipes eye*. That was beautiful. Dang allergies.
yo like not kidding
i used to hate tomatoes, but this simple recipe made me love them!
rename this episode "the blandest sandwhich ever"
😂🔥😂🤣
Tip: Add Spring Salmon from the hard work of fishing to this delicious meal to add some delight.
Do I need a carbon stainless knife, or could I impart a further country flavor by cutting my tomato and sandwich with a fresh blade of grass?
I swear this was an ad
I like my sandwich’s with an extra slice a bread
That tomato sandwich is as baked as u lmao
This is absolutely brilliant. Holy shit.
When I grow up I want to be a toasted tomato sandwich.
🤣thanks for the laughter🤣
Cause I'm a working man
These taste amazing stoned
Tomato sandwich is the most underrated sandwich.
Best toasted tomato sandwich video on YouTube!  Great channel brother.  My family and I appreciate your keeping us laughing!
869 views away from 1 mil. Views
I love to walk my soggy sandwich across the beans.
I like to have mayonnaise be spread on 1 piece of bread, and tuna on another
This was well done. Got me to smile. Thanks.
Dude, you're getting ripped off for your rhodium - should be like, 2 handfuls for that chunk.
I snapped my fingers in applause.
This fuckind sandwisch needs more meat and less tomato
Love this video wish i had a tomato sanwich   yum
Wait what state do u live in
I'm thinking bacon bacon bacon
Ive seen all 79 videos over the past week, I’ve had school, cross country practice, and 12+ hours of sleep every day. It still watched all 79 XD
I wasn't able to sell the pillow. Now what? It's getting dark and I'm still hungry. Yeah illuminatae. Mooches ate my tomato! 
 Do you realize how many days this recipe takes? The average schlep just doesn't have time for this. 
I'm thinking "Shark Tank"!
You sound like "Casually Explained" guy....
This was so boring i almost fell asleep but thankfully the cringe factor was high enough that my mind was able to fight off the sleep
This is so beautiful, alexa play despacito
Well I’ve eaten 4 of these today





This isn’t a joke
bro im high aff and im laughing hardd smms
Now if sam elliot would narrate this
Video - intro with a voiceover 
Me - yep this is going somewhere good😂
Omgosh lol--you're funny.  Sandwich looked pretty good though.
Great tomato ad! Loved it, they used this ad on Chillnflix website
The only thing that would make this better would be BACON
Is this HowToBasic's alternate channel?
this is amazing so freaking smart and hilarious “3 lonely nights, then sell it to your neighbor as a pillow”😂😂
for something as simple as this is hella good
Meh butter instead of mayo
BEST SANDWICH OF HISTORY
What if I only have a tomatillo? Can I still make this type of sandwich?
Well that was dadgum funny
Captions made me question reality
WHEN'S THE NEXT EGG EPISODE YSAC!
I genuinely really want that music. That was so soothing.
Me & my gecko are watching your videos
All jokes aside, that was Oscar worthy
god bless america and this toasted tomato sandwich
i just like how he says Out ok
I bet city people saw no discrepancies here! 😉
Can I use tomatoes for the tomatoes in the recipe
ABSOLUTELY NOT. TOMATOES ARE DOO DOO.
You've confused a lot of young people with this video
I am so emotionally invested in this video, I swear I almost cried at the end.
Love how you put Algebra and toilets in the same classification
This is the most beautiful thing I've seen
i have never felt this calm after watching a video
I miss pimblockto ;-;
U should make fruit salad 🥗
Is it bad I got a chill from this?... I guess I am Texan
all that effort to make a Tomato Sandwich? I luv em so remember me if I die bye a bear bai
You call that whole wheat bread? That's toast.
Red dead redemption 5: the 12th generation
hee ysac, do you write out the vids or a combination of a rough idea with improv?
Every time you upload I stop what I’m doing, and get ready to cook. No matter if it’s 1 AM and my house will surely catch on fire, I will always obey you.
I came here becoz of Shroud Vid haha
0:28 tat isn't potato field...
For a second there I thought the Heinz logo was about to appear.
quality content
I love fresh tomato and mayo sandwiches.
“A time before algebra-“ THATS ALL YOU HAD TO SAY
this has me crying in the club
Hilarious.  I needed a good belly laugh today.
In many, many years, people will still come here to say "here is where the watchthisvideowithoutcravingatomatosandwichchallenge was born". 

Of course, if their native language is not German like mine, it might have a shorter name.
Is your intro jacksfilms?
I'm in my late thirties and had never heard of this kind of sandwich before seeing your video. Now, however, it's my go-to sandwich, hands down.  I made them for my toddlers, and now they're hooked, too.  Thank you so much!
Best Commercial Ever. I'm going to make me some tomato sandwich. LOL
This is very relaxing
(Sing to the tune of country roads)
Oh YSAC,
Take my toast,
To the fields,
Where I love most,

Good tomatoes
Why do I fell like him and bill wartz are brothers
the perfect man doesnt exi-
Thank you for your humor it makes my day.
You know, garlic would really tie this sandwich together
The wait between each video is beyond worth it. Amazing work as always, the effort doesn't go unnoticed!
And take a quite moment to recognise that your toasted tomato sandwich has become soggy, and you should of eaten it immediately when the toast was crisp
What happened to the puppy from modified Mac we've been waiting
I love tomato sandwiches, but I don't toast it usually.
I wonder if has ever dropped the food when he goes walking with it
You're great at cooking yeah your sooo great
This gave the exact feeling of hearing 'Country Roads'.
8000 Horsepower Truck?!?!
added a bit of cheese and red onions! so great !
This channel is so incredible
With the voice and the music, I could fall asleep to this
Hey stop having the same knives as me it is very confusing thank you
THIS IS QUALITY CONTENT
This channel is 100000000000000000% times better then how to basic! I love this channel it’s hilarious
I suck at cooking, but i think i can cook better than this. This video is giving me a lot of confidence.
heck tomato sandwiches are the best
I ran out of YSAC vids to binge :'(
Now I actually feel like making a toasted tomato sandwich, thanks.
Youre like HowToBasic just not crazy.
Youre channel is cool.
This was the most relaxsing thing i have experienced!!! 10/10 would shove in my friends face
Absolute. Art!!
I L O V E Y O U
All my life I thought my mom made up tomato sandwhiches
Art, True Art
Tomato sandwiches are actually good though...
its the first vid without an intro, isn't it?
666K VIEWS RUUUUN
Can you please make asmr videos on like a secondary channel in this voice
Wild tomatoes are poisonous.
I'd fall asleep to this if I wasnt an insomniac.
This made me feel some type a way
I don't have a 500 watt galvanized thingy, can I just use my standard, 500 year old toaster?
People think I'm so weird because I grew up eating this!! Good with cheese and onions too 😋
Do NOT forget to eat this with "Country road,take me home " playing in the background.
One of your best! :)
Bravo!  So funny, thanks for the laughs!
This sounds like the simple rick narrator
Not what I expected... Bravo!
What do tomatoes do to reproduce? They to-mate.




I thought of that on the spot I’m sorry
The moment I watched this, my stomach growled and demanded it. And who am I to deny my hunger, I thought. Straight to the kitchen! 
Grilled my bread in the oven (no toaster) and slapped some mayo on it. And then I put the tomatoes.
I swear, I didn't think it'd be this good.
But it was amazing.
well now I know what I am having for lunch tomorrow being the tomatoes are starting to ripen
Technically not just a tomato sandwich anymore, but my grandma would fry up some spam cut super thin in a pan and put it on the tomato sandwich (open face), top with cheese, and put it under the broiler!
That sandwich dead ass actually looks good
With every video I learn a new lesson. Thank u master.❤️❤️❤️
I forgot about you and i found you again! Can't stop watching, but i always wonder? Where dafuq do you live?
This was beautiful.
Digging this new country album
Truly a spiritual experience
I never see your videos in my sub box just when they are trending🤔😑
Looks amazing ❤️😭
tomato sandwiches are underrated
Just found this channel but I feel like we're already day ones.
This is amazing
Pepper,pe--
Wait where is my favorite line wtf
This is what you call good content.
no matter how goofy your vids are the recipe is always delicious,thanks
oh







ok
He seriously doesn't have enough subs.
But you still didn’t tell us what a blue corn moon is
XDDD
This is one of my favorite youtubers
This is one of my favorite youtubers
Did pimblockto defrost yet
I hear the drums echoing tonight
But she hears only whispers of some quiet conversation
She's coming in, 12:30 flight
The moonlit wings reflect the stars that guide me towards salvation
I stopped an old man along the way
Hoping to find some long forgotten words or ancient melodies
He turned to me as if to say, "Hurry boy, it's waiting there for you"

It's gonna take a lot to take me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had

The wild dogs cry out in the night
As they grow restless, longing for some solitary company
I know that I must do what's right
As sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti
I seek to cure what's deep inside, frightened of this thing that I've become

It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had

Hurry boy, she's waiting there for you

It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
(I bless the rain)
I bless the rains down in Africa
I bless the rains down in Africa
(Ah, gonna take the time)
Gonna take some time to do the things we never had
I love your videos no clickbait
I feel like Algebra has been around since before tomatoes, or at least Europeans had algebra before tomatoes. Because, if I remember correctly, tomatoes we're discovered by Europeans when they colonized the New World, but Algebra was around for hundreds of years at that point. I think.
this channel deserves more attention
I dont have a toaster or an oven (im serious)
I was totally expecting a sickeningly country version of the YSAC song to end the video.
I made a better recipe
Sounds like brave wilderness
Tomato sandwiches are so good
I have a sudden urge to flyfish in some remote part of Utah; a hundred miles from anyone. I think I'll pack a toasted tomato sandwich.
This pillow and radium were totally worth the 100 dollars I gave to my neighbor......
This is beautiful
This reminds me of Simple Ricks
Lol theses cooking videos are dumb but funny
Beautiful... 😍
Country Roads
Take me Home 
To the Crops I have grown 
Red Tomatoes Tasty Sandwich 
Take me home 
Country Roads
Tomato on bread with mayo and salt and pepper is for me... one of the greatest sandwiches ever made. I love them. Nice to know I'm not alone.
My tomatoes are made in New York City
I Love Your Tomato sandwich
my dumb butt forgot that tomatoes don't grow in fields
This might be my favorite video you've ever done. So good with changing it last second. I love it.
honestly i consider this poetry
-3-
WHERE HAS THIS CHANNEL BEEN MY ENTIRE LIFE????
Should this be narrated by Ze Frank or Rhett McLaughlin?
Bro, that's not galvanized steel, that's stainless steel. Fake news.
One of the things I love about YSAC is that even when he makes food that I personally don’t like, such as the tomato sandwiches or the artichoke dip, I still think they look really good at the end and I have a strong desire to make the recipes even though I know I won’t like the food
This video just made me want to move to the country lmao
Dam what was the BGM in this, made me so sleepy
I missed you 💕
NOTIF SQUAD!
Here I am about to put my Tyson nugs in the oven
Can you show us how to tame kill and harvest grass fed chicken?
Why didn't you add ketchup
YSAC Notifs always make me happy :)
Best channel
This reminds me of the simple rick advertisement
We surely need a video on mayonnaise most misunderstood condiment
I am happy now. I can feel how much you care. Please don't ever calm down.
im surprised that there wasent a country somg
Is vegan mayonnaise okay?
I swear your the 2nd funniest youtuber i know
This was the most relaxing video I’ve ever watched thanks
This was quite nice
Did I just watch a Superbowl add for Budweiser??? 😂😂😂
For real, this is one of the best sandwiches I’ve ever had.
My fave kind of sammich
Picks a tomato from a bean field
If you add fresh basil to it it’s ten times better
Needs more cheese!
Hey, my favorite guy, can you make some Japanese ramen?
0:25 I can see where the sticker was peeled off ohmygod
I really think you are casually explained
I feel like I just finished a classic southern movie
"While quietly acknowledging the presence of the illuminate." LOL!!
I simultaneously hate you and love you for what these videos do to me
is no one gonna notice how someone payed $10 for a wheat burlap pillow
Beautiful!
Oh wow i haven't seen this video before nor even heard of this recipe but I've made it before cause i was too lazy to make anything else. First time i was hungry so it was good and second time it was shit and i had to had a full on conversation with myself on why the hell did i eat this
I thoroughly enjoyed this!  "A quarter of a half inch thick"...actually that's probably about right!  You could buy Bonneville Salt Flats if that were real rhodium--HAHAHA!!!
You missed a step you need butter the toast before you add the mayonnaise believe me it makes all the difference.
Its ya boii under cover* how to basic *
Pure art, man, pure art.
Could you try one with french toast?
Somebody please tell me what music this is, I NEED IT!!!!
I love this guy 😭
ITS RAW!!!
I was hoping another one of your videos popped up. The best cooking videos, in my opinion.
YEEHAW
This sandwich is good, just add some dried basil
good night mr.pepper pepper pepper 😂
for a second i thought peppercorns really came from corn
EASY ON THE FINGERNAILS DUDE!
So funny you picked the tomato off the ground,  not a tomato vine around
Your voice is so relaxing
i made this sandwich and it came alive. it threw potatoes at me and shouted yee haw! while running out the door
Q U A L I T Y C O N T E N T
I would eat that in two seconds. I love tomato with bread.
Oddly poetic.
never heard of this sandwich
Those tomatoes look delicious
Will you ever post again
all jokes aside this is beautiful
I love you, man.
Am I the only one getting the reference to Rick and Morty?
I stoped EVERYTHING to watch this.
I love tomato and cheese sandwhiches
Trending🌶Boys🌶Clap🌶For🌶The🌶Cook
this radiates "helmen's ad",, I love it
This man is How to Basic
I need help with this tutorial. I couldn't find a country tomato so I used one I found deep in the city working a desk job. Is that a good substitute?
You don't post on a mouth and this is all we get
This is now one of my favorite quick sandwiches...mmmm
im crying this is hilarious
I want my 3 minutes of life back please.
I think you are my favorite YouTube channel. I get the most excited when I get one of your notifications
I'm not a fan of tomato but I want this
8000 horse power ....jesus
Why do i feel like something is different about this vid..
Best ad for tomatoes or the country ive ever watched
This was relaxing
That is insanely peaceful where did you film this at
Good to know that Babish has two channels!! 👍
This made me feel
I love this channel so much loooool
this is so enlightening, Alexa play Country Roads
Honestly tho... one of my favorite sandwiches.
Algebra was invented around Mesopotamia time
Would love to meet this guy in person
(Sigh)... I'll never learn this. Back to my stupid low brow croque-monsieur 😭
So some farmer looked out his window and said "wtf is that guy doing?"
this awakened my hunger
👏👏👏👏👏👏
Just subscribed 😀👍
Quietly acknowledging this video
I actually thought this was real lmao
I cannot make this sandwich, i dont know where to trade my Rhodium!
I cannot make this sandwich, i dont know where to trade my Rhodium!
That was beautiful 😪
Ok but where do you live because I want to move there asap
That BLT is missing the B and L!
I don’t like tomatoes..
But this looks yummy as shit when it’s all done lmao
LOL!  ...yet, groan...
I love how his vids keep on getting more creative and more silly lol
I can tell you had immeasurable fun making this video. I wish I could like it twice. Seriously.
This made me cry
needs more butter.
Love tomato sammiches
I was amazed the first time I tried tomato sandwich in Spain. They make it with olive oil instead of mayo, tho. It's great! 😊
yknow. tomato sandwiches are so good. and so simple. but ppl turn up their nose at a sandwich with JUST tomatoes. it’s good yall try it
This needs a round of applause
I don't know why i'm seeing this, i'm allergic of tomatoes
This is the greatest video!!
Every episode is a work of art.
This is beautiful
This reminds me of the book, Grapes Of Wrath
Are these actual recipes though?(without the other kinda useless stuff)
Wtf is this production value o.o
This sounds like the guy in every hunting game on console
Welcome To Night Vale much?
Applause
lebay braaaay
The mythology is amazing
take that beautiful toast, thin layer of butter, thick layer of peanut butter, those nice ass tomatos and boom, salt and that pepper. and boom!!! pb and t toast!! seriously try it, then make a video about it......
its so inspiring
Last on trending but that’s amazing
Genio!!
You just beat the internet on new game plus
Am I just really stoned
He deserves more subs
The first 30 seconds sounds like a grocery store commercial.
0:15   is that a plane in sky
You cannot do this with store bought tomatoes
there could've been a great country themed song at the end.
I've watched every one of your videos, and they give my so much joy. My favorite is the nachos episode
I expected tomato sandwiches and got a nature documentary for most of the video
Hey I luv ur videos can u do a face reveal
This is art in its purest form.
İ just love you
Farcry 5 (2018)
The captions are top-notch
Sponsored by TOMATOES
666K Views 😱
best one
this is art
this made me crave the most basic sandwich
WHY IS THIS SO SATISFYING?!?!
This channel is flawless.
This is gold!
I'm watching this and looking at a tomato looking at me. I'm tired of wondering what to do with my tomato. Thanks for the inspiration.
Who else was expecting him to say something else after he said “where tomatoes come from” at the end
Make new video
Dam look good to eat.   Mmmmmmm
This is art
This is art
Oh boy oh boy oh boy another video!!!! So excited!
Huele a crotolamo
Put butter on your toast next time. It prevents it from getting soggy :)
Well that was worth a script! Just found this channel. Good stuff!
Why is my mouth watering
Haha, love the hand model pose at the end.
I missed this video???? I'm four months late?????
I think I have the stuff for this and I'll see if it's good
Your vids make my day everyday
2:37 love the attention to even the caption
This video has enlightened me
I hate tomato sammiches, but I must say you make them look good!
Gordon Ramsay ain’t got shit on this guys cooking
This was so emotional
Wish I had a  500-watt, galvanized, steel, nichrome wire, lateral current, low impedance, split phase, omnidirectional quad-voltage, wide arc, triple coil toasting machine, powered by an 8000 horsepower truck.
YOUR TRENDING WOO
This guys is a genius
i dont know how to comment to this beside what i wrote here ;-;
This was so confusing
I guess country folks don't pepper pepper pepper
Perfection
Come back
666k views wOw
This was aesthetically pleasing af
Damn. Now I’m hunger for a toastmato sandwich.
A time, when an avocado named Jeffery, escaped to freedom, and an egg, named Bob, met Jeffery at college. And this, my friends. Is that time.
A time before carbs being evil
The beg does not make sense because back then tomatoes were considered poisonous
I feel like this person is Canadian
tomayo sandwich
This new style of video is way better than the previous ones
Funny how 99% of these ppl don't realize this is a repost
Makes me wanna live on a tomato farm
We are the most trusted name in news.
A time before Pimblokto
This might be the most American sandwich known to man
Illuminati confirmed!
Brought to you by Ford.
Why is this channel so cool XD
Great camera work and sound design! Not the usual style, but I really enjoyed this one!
This is a BLT waiting to happen
What is the backround music genre called?
What is that background music
I could not complete this recipe due to the fact that i had no iron railroad spike.
Whoaaahhh TURN ON CAPTIONS AT 2:38 AND WTF DOES THAT MEAN
I didnt know putting tomoatoes on bread made a sandwitch. Most of your sandwitch seems to be missing.
This is real art
This was so calming
why am i crying in the cornfield rn
is this an ad for tomato?
Need more videos like this.  Wholesome. Pure.  American.
Would like to find that country 🎶 used in the video? Pls help.
I subed and turned notifications on and your cooking is not bad and your funny
Love your vids they make millions of people happy
Love it!!! Classy and funny!!!
This was so calming
This was... super calming actually. I was watching it for like the fifth time and I just woke up on episode 53 of the series (god knows what autoplay did while I had a nap)
What is this song, it is weirdly relaxing.
I used to eat these all the time, but I didn’t think that other people actually knew about it?
That was slightly emotional
Hey can you stay off my property please
WHERES THE EGG SERIES
next time I'm in a soybean field I'm going to look for tomatoes on the ground
Drinking game: Take A Shot Every Time He Says Tomato.
How to Basic advanced edition
This channel completes my life
Where’s all the foot lettuce ???


Lmao
and now you are paying the price...LOL...
What if I don't live on earth and don't have a sun to place tomatoes on at dawn?
Umm....




Okay?
I feel mildly invaded
If only he had fed that sandwich to a bald eagle.
hello ysac guy
I love you, YSAC
i feel like i went on a journey and all he did was make a tomato sandwich
The illuminati owl quietly approves.
JUST MAKE THE FRICKEN SANDWICH!!!!
Am I early enough for a like?
Lazy Man's BLT
He should make a video with his dog
Best Monsanto commercial I've ever seen
Beautiful, just beautiful.
I'm happy now
I had to look up if peppercorn was like that or not
Hahahaha cool channel. Got the information i needed and a laugh
I thought for the very first time how to basic had a voice over .....
Your channel name does not lie.
I asked the 8 ball if I was illuminati and it said yes
Harrowing
Back when people actually liked tomatoes
Far cry 5 vibes.
Would you do 7 ways to pop popcorn
You have peaked. This was amazing.
Not sure if the recipies work or not
This is a masterpiece
Quality content
That was.. (snif) that was beautiful
Looks Amazing to Eat.
YOU FORGOT BACON
3:11 thought he was gonna yeet that sandwich
The msg at the end loved it
WHERE IS DENNIS
This is the greatest cooking channel.
No triple P??? are you forced to make us die without it??
BLT - BL = this
What if I only have half wheat bread
Try to make some dishes with stroopwafels xD
A feast for those good ole boys.
The HowtoBasic of Cooking
Hot afternoon sun... While its cloudy.. lol.
i followed this i picked up a fresh tomato and traded weath for 2$ and bought 2 bread from my neghbor and made the sandwich
What even was that? A masterpiece duh
I feel so sorry for all the people who don't watch this channel
It’s not much, but it’s honest work
Why are you so good?
Art.
This is actually beautiful
I showed this to my mom who didn't realize what this channel was about until she reached the "peppercorns" bit
666k views :)
i was waiting for a country song at the end there
WE WANT PIMBLOCBOE BACK
That sandwich actually looks really good..
What kind of monster dislikes this video?
I love your videos, but there’s one problem.



I don’t cook.
It's a sandwich of toasted tomato or a tomato sandwich that is toasted?
What if howtobasic and this guy are the same person
If you like to talk to tomatoes...
How the hell did this video feel like it was twenty seconds long then i check and ive been here for three minutes
Incredible
Thank you my love
this made me hungry now and gave me vibes about my old home in the country side
Pure poetry ...
Ram is a registered trademark of FCA US LLC
I actually made this, and it taste hecka good!
I am very uncomfortable after that
I'm trapped
this is HIGH ART
Simpler times... simple rick
<3
1,032 people didn't eat their sandwich while it was crisp
Okay but why does this look good though?
"Afternoon sun" Sees only dark clouds
I'll do better next time
.....what have I discovered.....
I've recently found out why I didn't enjoy eating my sandwiches anymore...
Turns out, I don't actually like the taste of tomatoes and mayo anymore... Used to, but somehow I don't now... This is why growing up is awful, your taste buds changes without you realizing.
Omni directional maneuver gear
this is so sad alexa play







YMCA
Perfection
So inspirational!
When you go vegan for a week
Still saiting...
Please re upload this video, and cut the sandwich properly
Perfection
i watch this video to help me fall asleep. its so relaxing. Out here in the country, where tomatos come from
I didnt ask for a comdien
Even better with peanut butter
I had a tomato 🍅 sandwich today. Delicious
Tastes even better to me when the tomato juice and mayo mixture is running down my arm.
That was beautiful
i would die for a tomato sandwich
Tomatos are more recent than algebra.
I'm laughing but I still want the sandwich.
Man, I started watching your videos back when you had 400 subs. Now you're over 1.2m! I'm really happy for you. Keep up the awesome work!
lol
Maybe I'm high but it looks so good I'd eat ten of those right now
Dying the whole time
The start sounds like simple ricks
That looks good!!
wait, did you clean the outside of your toaster just for this video?
This is gold.
This was a great video!
ILLUMINATI Confirmed!!! 🍅🍅🍅
Demeter is shook.
These sandwiches were the only thing my parents could get me to eat for 5 months when I was 5. idk why
I really had a rough day today. So thank you
What time existed before smartphones!?!?!
Are you DailyDoseOfInternet?
let's be honest, tomato sandwiches are a religious experience.
I'm allergic against tomatos. Every bite makes my throat more and more swollen, then I have to swallow a big dose of Cetirizin that I had traded from my local drug store.
That was great
That looks way to complicated for me
What if after an apocalypse the last cooking videos are these
But i like soggy toast 😢
where does this dude live?
those chemtrails though
Algebra and toilets
TRENDING
That's not bread... That's just dark toast!
New vid every Tuesday ish? I didn’t know ish meant multiplied by four. Aka a month. Pls upload it’s been a month
I call these tomato and mayonnaise sandwichs
Wow. A Binging with Babish video and a You Suck At Cooking video on the same day... what did we do to deserve such culinary gifts
Almost heaven
YOU SHOULD MAKE PANCAKES! I'm sure you can make up a funny plot.
How's pimblocto? Is he good or just flat out dead
3:18 hands of a surgeon
Been having a bad day. This made me relax, thank you
That microwave is mine.... I'm not even kidding...
hilarious
The binding of Ysac
Enjoy the simple taste of simple ricks.
when u try to make a video 10 minutes long
Tomato and sweet onion is better, it's a upper Michigan thing
Is this sponsored by texas
2:36 turn on the subtitles
Good job!😉
This was a perfect opportunity for a country tomato song. Why no song?
GİVE THE GOBLİN SOME GOOD CONTENT
I want my 3 minutes back.
I think I cried a little
Wonderful!
Love you man
Tomatoes, the most delicious food in the world
Omg i love this guy
It's sandwich, not samwich
Best AD ever
Are you going to do a Face Reveal if You hit 100,000 subscribers?
Simple Rick
Beautiful 😭
You forgot the bacon.
very inspiring. l feel like eating a toast soon.
You say tomato. 
I say tomato.
'Merica AF
I detected several innaccuracies in this video.
Sensacional
23
This video is avant garde high art!!
I'm hungry...
Face reveal
Made this for breakfast as soon I watched the video this morning! Thought it wouldn't be that great (I'm not a big tomato fan) BUT IT IS WONDERFUL AND SO EASY TO MAKE! THANK YOU FOR SHARING!
Will this work if i do it but in the morning? i have to get to work. 1:59
If a tomato is a fruit, wouldn’t ketchup be considered a smoothie?
I watched this video a few days ago and it made me crave one really bad. I ate one about 10 minutes ago and it was the best thing I’ve had to eat all year.
NO THEME SONG!?
American might believe in half of those ingredietent origins.
What do you edit with?
That was a lot of work for a sandwich
Pretty sure this would be a good Duke's mayo commercial.
Delish. The pepper pepper pepper was what I was missing in years passed. Ty
it's 4 am
Did you serious drag your special cutting board, knife and toaster out to the fields
Man he should do Simple Rick commercials.
I Actually made this it was pretty good I didn’t do the exact way you did it though
I wanted this to be a add
Rip plimbloco
I’m soothed
WhErEs ThE sOnG
This video makes me happy.
Degridy
Beautiful. :')
At first I thought it was a really weird ad
this is..... indiana.....
OLD HOME ALABAMA
who the mcfuck disliked this video
All that for a sandwich?
you channel is a legend
You should do more videos
i feel like this was a simple ricks parody
I f**cking h4t3 raw tomatoes.
👏👏
Tomato is my favourite  fruit
well that was different
Music anyone?
Why am I crying?
What?! No songs?
Brilliant! :-) :-)
In love with this nonsense
I teared up
Across the BeANs
I thought a 7000 horsepower truck would be enough. It wasn’t. I was wrong.
Not a mayo fan but this looks delish
So soothing
看得想减肥…
I have a crush on him
I'm probably not the only one who didnt see the knife at first right? 1:52
I actually hate tomatoes and I made this and I could actually finish the dish!
nice🤦🤣
More videos plz
Pretty good
Where's the monster energy drink
please never stop doing videos
Epic.
I just watched a 3:26 ad about tomatoes
Some pepper pepper peppercorns
SOMEONE GET SAM ELLIOT TO NARRATE THIS!
I think someone got a new camera lens.
Villain with h3h4
Tomato Checkoff Sellout!
Nothing against rainbow but this was too much gay.
Have my babies
That was beutiful
That was beautuful
Face reveal?
I would love to watch a bts of all these videos
Bless me uncle YSAC!
MY CHILDHOOD
The issue for me I hate tomatoes but I can make it for my mom or dad
Mater sandwiches are the most American meal.
Come home to Simple Rick's
what did i just watch
Come home to simple Rick's
That looks good
Why was that inspiring?
WEST VIRGINIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
This is art.
i aspire to attain to your intellect and humor one day in my life. Perhaps for my first date.
That looks like a store bought tomato.... :p
Make more egg video and pimblakto
ugh when is this channel gonna blow up, i live for these videos.
This is how to basic extra channel
Across the beans
That’s what I actually call art
I wonder what the eggs are doing
Ah dude you got it wrong they didn’t have water back then
When I show friends your channel, this is the video I show them. This one is poetry.
Fan.tas.tic.
I kinda regretted the subtitles when the Illuminati thing happened
Haiku about tomatoes


Great pizza apples
I chew, swallow, and digest
The breadstick wonders
Simply simple :)
This guy fell off, so corny
Roflmao
Lmao
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE EGGGS AND THE EGG DETECTIVE
Beautiful.
Inspirational.
Where tomatoes come from
A beautiful tribute to America.
Actually i been makythat for year only it was like a grill cheese with tomato and mayo black pepper that’s good eating
whaaaaaat
Illuminati in the subtitles
Someone tell me where do I add the bacon and cheese!
“Sprinkle some pepper”
Me in my head pepper pepper pepper
😨
Thank you
I miss you.
this video is to country for its on good
how am i on time already i subscribed last week
The yahrd
Faces reavele
Some deep poitry here love it!
Lmfao
I hate tomatoes but I like your voice
Prob my fav  food tbh
It... It is beautiful.
Most american vídeo ever
It's not vegan
I'm aware hers wasn't toasted, but this just made me think of Harriet the Spy and her tomato+mayo sandwiches. ANYONE ELSE?! :)
Man, I really would suck at cooking this, considering I would leave the tomatoes out because I don't like them.
This was deep
Take me home country road
deep
gmo tomatoes grown on soy plant. my favourite
My life in a nut Shell
Beautiful
Grabs tomatoes from a soybean field
This is the tomato equivalent to simple rick
LOVE YA MAN YOUR MY FAV!!!
where are you?
1 million views let's have a party
ram cool
better camera and better mic..and even better videos. i see you! ;)
Forgot the letuce and bacon
do you just...post once a month?
What is humanity even?
Daft.
boy if you don't put some beef on that there sammich 😤
Those tomatoes don't look toasted
My day is ruined
Algebra has been around for over a thousand years... When are we going back to exactly? 780 CE?
Three lonely nights
Reminds me of my lazy meals lol
anyone else so desperately in love?
Fallout 76 trailer?
welp it looks tasty
Would've been a great tomato commercial
I love you
I don't even like tomatoes but this looks good smh
Is it wrong, that I’m still laughing about these videos days after watching them? Or that as soon as I watch them, I attempt the recipe?
I can actually cook better than you
骨骼清奇
Man I hate tomatoes so much.
basically bruschetta
What no cheese?!
I’m not crying you are
is it just me or was this inspired by the simple rick’s commercial??
DO A FACE RELVEL I BEEN SEEING YOU VIDEOS FOE 2 YEARS
COUNTRY ROADS!
sucrite
The sensations are vivid in this video.
That actually looks really good
Beautiful
I’m gonna say he lives in rural Ontario, because of the forests and the brands he buys.
Love your videos !!!
Narrated by Dwight Shrute
LIGMA
Ketchup sandwiches have more flavor.
Imagine liking tomatoes
I HATE tomatoes but this still looked good
thanks this is really good and I eat this all the time kind of funny thought I make it really dramatic to XD
This is the type of food that makes me hungrier cuz this shit isn't MEAT!!! whoever  came up with this was really struggling 🤢🤮
My sandwich was too amazing. Maybe due to the fact I live on tatooine.
thank you
Come home to simple ricks
What if I just replace the tomato with a ton of bacon?
the are GOOD
Hey you forgot the meat
You forgot the head cheese?
oh no.
This video is more wholesome than a toasted tomato sandwich.
Fig that was noice.
So odd our bbq lemonade video is getting some suggested hits off of your vid here! Have no idea why, it’s not related at all haha but awesome!!!
I h8 tomatos. Fite me m8
I WILL do better next time.
Let’s get a yee yee y’all
I feel ssoooo motivated right now............
Stop biting your nails!  What, do you have above average intelligence or something?

Onychophagia for the win!
tegrity'
I feel like he should be selling me a car.
OOF
Nice mealy tomatoes.
Tomatoes are satans testicle
:')
make your videos weekly
i love this but am somewhat appalled by the lack of garlic in this video. have made this sandwich for years every summer when our tomatoes are ripe and we always rub both slices of toast generously with raw garlic before slathering with mayo (hint: it's delicious)
I’m crying rn
People who eat that much tomato in one sitting without any meat/cheese/toppings is straight up sick in the head
so beautiful
If you think algebra is hard then you’re bad at math
What if I dont like tomatoes?
Dear friends, I have some Good News to share with you. Did you know that you are absolutely free to grow in Jesus Christ's love? The apostle Paul explained an even more profound reason to let go of our own efforts to perfect ourselves: it can blind us to our need for Christ.     

Paul had learned this the hard way. After years striving to perfectly obey God's law, encountering Jesus changed everything (Galatians 1 : 11-16). Paul realized that if his own efforts were enough to be whole and right with God, "then there was no need for Christ to die" (2 : 21 NLT).  Only by letting go of  self reliance, could he experience Jesus living in him. Only in his imperfection could he experience God's perfect power.      

This doesn't mean we shouldn't resist sin; but it does mean we should stop relying on our own strength to grow spiritually. In this lifetime, we will always be works in progress. But as our hearts humbly accept our constant need for the only perfect One, Jesus makes His home there (Ephesians 3 : 17). Rooted in Him we are free to grow ever deeper in the love "too great" to ever "understand fully".   

Dear Precious one, make this very moment the beginning of your life growing freely in the love of Jesus Christ by receiving Him as your Lord and Savior. Believe He died a horrible death on the cross for the sins of mankind and on the 3rd day He arose, ascended into Heaven and sits in the right hand of God the Father Almighty. He is ever present and will dwell within you through the Holy Spirit, all you have to do is welcome Him and His FREE gift of salvation into your life. Submit to and receive the righteousness of Jesus Christ through the Holy Spirit. Receive grace through faith by believing in Jesus Christ and what He did on the cross. You will then be sealed, secured and justified in salvation.  ❤️❤️❤️     

Please join me in saying the following prayer....Dear Lord Jesus, so often we exchange the joy and freedom of life with You for the burden of relying on ourselves. Help us to humbly rely on you instead. Amen!!
Toaster
what was the music
Ok honestly where on hell do you live?
Did anyone come here cause was curious why this was in twenty one pilots similar channels?
Who tf cuts a sandwich like that??
simple ricks
It tastes good with eggs too uwu
This is the most long Chevy Truck commercial I’ve ever seen .
Plz upload
Will YSAC pin my comment?
He said illuminati
3:06 ...and you forgot bacon and lettuce...
Actually made 2 of these but, put cheese. Threw up.
That’s just depressing
KKona
Beautiful.
3.8000 th
why were there tomatoes laying in soybean field?
Re-
Where's the intro card tho
Iiii waaaasss noot alllerted. Seriously YouTube you alert me for other things but not this
Please please please please please do a face revel
Me no liek tom8toes
Come home to simple Ricks
Great writing.
Groden rasmsny
Fantastic
Adding a slice of cheese to this complex recipe will make it taste better...just sayin
It's videos like this that make me proud to be an American.
Did anyone cry?
Do the ragù alla bolognese!
That sandwich wouldn't have gotten near as soggy if you hadn't put that awful mayo on there. ... Tell yourself you'll do better next time. ... Or don't, to each their own.
Simple ricks
greatest commercial of all time
sub
I thought it was bacon.
Did I watch an commercial for tomatoes?
How to basic's brother
KKona
Yes, I binge watched every single episode in the past two days. Yes, I am proud.
woah buddy! very irritating stuff!
Lol luv this guy you can really see the work he put into this, and beautiful scenery!
Well, i screwed up. I substituted catnip for wheat, now i have a mountain lion sleeping on my porch.
Mmmm your voise, it’s like the white version of Morgan freeman🤤🤤🤤
wrong i dont suck at cooking





i can cook instant noodles
Great content 20/10
upload more please
The Drew Gooden of cooking
No chives???
Thought the tomato was gonna be roasted
I need you to make merch
Why did I watch the whole thing
IT NEEDS BACON, and lots of black pepper  !!
Awesome 😂
Unique
Song?
wtf these tomatoes werent toasted
i remember when i was like 8 or 9 my mum would make them for me i loved  it
The egg series :(
That was absolutely beautiful, man, country roads take me home
Thanks for that click bait!
You gave an apt name to the channel. But you do have a great skill in presentation, Just like a high end restaurant.
This looks really good except for the tomatoes, those are way to acidic
You are hilarious
This was awesome!
Anyone else want a face reveal video lol?
It worked thanks
Kinda emotional
I know I do ):
*vomits*
my dad, who used to eat these as a kid, loved this video
Fucking vegans
I don’t even like tomatoes and this looks great to me
I like it with biscuits better. Either Grands biscuits or homemade biscuits.
That’s a pretty sucky BLT! 🤤
I miss pimblocto
I don’t like tomato
Nothing beats jersey tomatoes
This is like those commercials
I really like the theme of this one, it was super relaxing
Would love to see this guy in The F Word.
This is so beautiful. I cried.
I'm too scared to try any of these recipes, because I don't know if they're real or not, or even good
Every video is an experience👌🏼
This video won my heart
The best sandwich ever!
;-;
I like mine with cheese
I'm hungry now
Sold his soul
God dam son
Not meat n cheese
You should have said realize you hate tomatoes and then you throw the sandwich on the ground
Looks like an advertisement for tomato’s
In a time when kids and people died a lot(mostly kids) and everything sucked
super
Awesome
I have a tear in my eye.
How Romantic
I think the best thing about this was watching you pick up a store bought tomato off the ground as if you picked it off the vine
Tomatoes from a soybean field.

Works for me.
Lmfao, this channel is a genius. It combines great comedy with actual recipes that I'd be down to try if I ever get hungry.
“Guts. Glory. Ram.” 😂 1:30
When you ask for no tomatoes on your sandwich:
Did you recently just go through puberty? Your voice sounds different.
Ive never seen such a delicious looking sammich in my life.
This was a great sandwich i never thought just mayo and tomatos are great together
across the beans
You messed up, one of those slices is supposed to have butter too.
is in trending waow
Fruit sandwich
Is this sponsored by monsanto or something?
do you use cutco?
haha what an awesome video! Subscribed! :D
What’s the name of the song? Would love to play this
The worst part of a BLT :(
it’s 4am why
1:14 did he say galvanized steel... that's the last sandwich you are eating.
I thought he was Canadian
Damn dude I came here just for a laugh, and now you made me reflect on your awesome storytelling craft. Booooo dislike.

(nah I'm kidding, you're amazing)
The commentary 🤣🤣
Lmao stop it watching this high is dangerous 😂😂😂
I hated tomatoes before watching this video, but after, I went to fix me up a tomato sandwich and it was delicious. Thank you.
Number 18 on trending noice job dude
This deserves to be trending
Profound and inspiring.
thats the best toaster you can get
Do you have any musical experience?
Finally something anyone can make
De ja vu.
Food.Detected.
How do people eat tomatoes like this? They gotta be in something for me
i want to marry this guy
Ily
Ich mag deine videos
I put two pieces of bread in one hole of the toaster to get a soft side and a crispy side...
i wonder how he resisted not eating the sandwich while taking it for the walk ..... damn
The tastiest food, the most delicious satire.
I don't even like tomatoes but I wanna eat it.
I accidentally left out the salt clip. Put half a teaspoon of salt in the dry ingredients, please. Or 2/4 coffee spoon.
Do you pronounce it scone or scone?
My dad has been in prison for 4 years because he smuggled a croissant back to Ireland from France please bring him back he's an innocent man
As a man who watched the video, let me tell ya. I watched the video
you're like the bob ross of cooking
I feel like you might be misleading us with a few of those facts.
"These was meant like a joke but it actually worked" lol
Waaaaaaitttt a minute you just said pastries are illegal in Scotland yet they’re used as currency? 🤔🤔🤔🤔 that’s like buying Doritos with a gram of crystal meth
"this is a battle which has waged on for millennia" 
@ppl not from the UK he is not exaggerating it really is that big of a deal (it's scone like stone fite me)
That intro song hurts my feelings 😔 lol
I messed up and cut on the parchment paper. I thought I was better. I was wrong.
theses videos make me crave food I've never had
I had British Scones in the town of Devon, where Clotted Cream comes from.  I literally died and went to heaven.
LEMON EXFOLIATING
The war isn't about the prononciation of scone. That would be stupid 

It's about whether you put jam on first then the cream, or the cream on first then the jam. Do your research. Honestly.
I never realized but your personality is almost identical to tina belcher
ᴄᴜᴢ ᴜʀ ᴡᴀsᴛɪɴ ᴜʀ ʟɪғᴇ ᴏɴ ᴛʜᴇ ɪɴᴛᴇʀɴᴇᴛ
sᴏ ɢᴇᴛ ɪɴ ᴛʜᴇ ᴋɪᴛᴄʜᴇɴ ᴡɪᴛʜ sᴏᴍᴇ ᴏᴠᴇɴ ᴍɪᴛs
I didn’t know this video features The Rolling Stones
I'm actually going to try this.
As a Scottish man I can safely say scones are definitely our currency
Man didnt think I'd be relating to leftover scone dough today
I actually made these


And they were the best
"I meant this as a joke but it actually works perfect" 
...basically this entire channel tho
Wang-jangle and chill
Ugh i can't watch these videos, they make me so hungry XD
“When your undos on fourhundo on a hot summer day.”
YOU CAN TAKE MY COUNTRY BUT YOU CAN NEVER MAKE ME CALL SCONE SCONES

but you are definitely saying scones wrong
Not to say that there is a right way

but its definitely not your way
This guy needs more subs! He’s my favorite YouTuber by far!
Ice cream scone? That’s clearly a traffic scone




Truck drives into scone
In the written recipe, you added the salt, but you left out the both the lemon and the blueberries...
You really do suck at cooking, don't you? LOL
cakey cookiebread bun rock croissant snack clumps
You are supposed to rub in the butter >.<
The shaming of the crumbs...😂😂😂
17 shekels is approx. 5 USD. A bit expensive there, aye laddie?
The secret to every scone I've ever been unfortunate enough to try was leaving all the flavor out.  Inedible seemed to be what they were going for.  And they suck-seeded.
First episode of YSAC i ever watched made me laugh so much
Omg this is so hilarious...and now I can make a scone. You totally deserve your trending status. (-Mommy Seed)
I have adopted the leftover crumbles and now they are living happily in their forever home.
Still waiting on that album to drop, my dude.
Congrats on trending! Your videos are lit
You've earned yourself a sub from commentary alone 😂😂😂😂😂😂.... This is the kind of cooking instructions I can follow!
I am wasting my time on the internet, and I love it
I saw the stone scones and didn't even question it
This whole channel is my mood
Most definitely.. the MIGHTY BOOSH of traditional Scooone Making to be sure!!. Arrest that SCOOONE 🍪💨💨🚓🚔🚨
I'm from the UK and its pronounced sc-on. 
And.... they r like rocks but they taste good
The outro was beyond amazing.
This is my absolute favorite channel on YouTube. The dry humor is 👌
I have to give props when they are due: props.
I was just trying to seek vegan blueberry scone recipes and for some reason this was the first video. This was hilarious even though it got me off track
heavy cream.. light cream?? WHAT KINDA CREAM
puts out consistent, reliable, genuine content always.
A few leftovers crumbles.. here I thought some wise word/lifehack was going to happen.. but nono the classic YSAC comes in and loved it

Free movies on Chillnflix
omg.  the song is right.
i am wasting my life on the internet.
when i could just as easily be making scawns.
Did you know Coisont’s didn’t come from France, they came from Austria
I cut them on the parchment paper and it worked great.
You should keep the crumbs, if given enough time they will mature into full grown scones.
Your music production skills have raised. Very proud of you.
I'm from Scotland and I can happily say this is all true
i might be delirious but this lowkey gave off letterkenny vibes
that was oddly normal, you feeling ok?
I saw those rocks and I was "Interesting looking bread. Should watch a video about Scottish bread making."
Yo! Mix some powdered sugar and lemon juice to make scone glaze! (Ridiculously good!)
This looks really hard and I’d probably mess up 

I suck at cooking
Snak klumps.Nobody cares. You're so irreverent MelVen.
Wangjangle that baking cement. Ha!  I laffed more this time. I love these.
"I meant this as a joke but it works perfectly" lmao
“Give them space to express themselves because change is inevitable” has got me wheezing as well as touched 😂❤️
Actually. I've been looking for a good scone recipe.
Thanks.
The rolling scones
More like glueberry scones am I right?
Is it bad that I didn't realize that the rocks were rocks untill he showed the actual Scottish style scones?
2:07 Tip: if you don't want use makeshift Wolverine claws to mix in the butter, just use your hands to rub them into 'breadcrumbs'

Although the Wolverine claws do look cool
Thanks for the recipe I think I’ll be baking some stones today
WWWHEERREEEE IS THE EGGGSSSS I WANT THE EGG STORY WE NEVER GOT TO SEE THE END
Favorite part of this video is imagining you outside rolling and collecting and rolling and collecting rocks for hours.
Edit: also the rest of the fideo is my favorite too
Watching Scone on a phone makes me hungry
You sound like Harvey Specter
I wonder if the baking powder works on me. All of my friends say that I am hot and wet...
You're completely hilarious! I loved it!
is it bad that, as a british person, i looked at the rocks at the beginning and my brain went "yup yum"
Hiya, some tips from a pastry chef:

1. You should do some folding of the dough to get the smoothest top surface that you can. A smooth top surface will create a pretty scone, not a rough one. But be careful of over-working it. 
2. You don’t need parchment paper on the tray if you flour it directly. 
3. You actually don’t want to space scones out. You want them just touching on the tray so that they can help each other rise up straight. This is especially important if you make round scones, they like to flop over.
First time finding this channel. So happy lol this is great!
It's scone not scone! Gawrsh! I love the scone natural selection part, though, and your ending scone selection must have been a LOT of effort. Thanks so much for sharing your work!
WHY WAS IT SO SATISFYING TO WATCH THOSE ROCKS-
OMG, is that the best jingle or what?!?!
😂😂😂😂😂
One of my new favorite videos on YouTube, I died when he pulled out the “scornucopia” xD
As a Scotsman I can say all of these facts are true
,,cream"
Can you
Buy that 
Or mix it? Help I live in germany
Hrrmmmm I'll just roll a rock, that's a great outro idea
I have a sconer ....
Oh, that's what lemon zest is.  Thank you!
You'll never be a scone.. 

TRASHES
Watch these videos with captions on. You won't regret it.
Dang. I'm actually gonna make this.
Does anyone actually watch this for cooking?
Give them space to express themselves because change is inevitable.

Best advice. Thanks, dude. I needed that.
I actually thought those rocks were scones cuz the screen wasn't clear
I’m from England
*puts on armor *

Scooooooooooone
I've been following you for a few years and THIS IS THE BEST VIDEO YET AHHHHHH
Just watched it. Now I can go back to missing YSAC.
He sounds like Tina from bobs burgers
Temperature 400 was actually 400ºF. Nice. I thought 400ºC so I burned my scones (or scones) in 5 min. Next...
You crack me up🤣love your videos! Thanks so much!
your intro description of scones pissed me off more then I thought it could.
Ondó means semen in hungarian, your fun fact of the day.
#25 trending...cause you never upload and everybody loves it when you do <3
I am obsessed with your videos.. thanks for making my day!
That ending screen was amazing. Started off like "what?" But I loved it
As a citizen of Derbyshire County, I can report back that British scones are amazing
Will we ever see poor Pimblokto again?
I’m Scottish ;—; 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
are you going to finish that quascone?
Wow. 

Honestly, this was 5.5 minutes well-spent. 

I must make these. And then eat them. With clotted cream.
Brb gonna make these 👋

Ok I'm waiting for them to bake

Ok there done.  They taste good 👍
It’s not pronounced scone or scone, it’s actually pronounced scone
At my mental hospital we always had stale small blueberries scones but they were still one of the best things ever and now I have a small addition to blueberries scones cuz like I miss my mental hospital


I really miss blueberries scones
why is nobody talking about how he had a conversation with god at 3:03
To make an iceream scone. Try just putting the mixture in a flat bottomed ice cream cone and baking.

Ps, it is clearly scone not scone.
Oh lord, the first video you made that I watched and I'm already in love with your channel. Thank you!
In Scotland when a woman has been dirty or unfaithful to his man, they bury her to the ground up to the torso and scone her to death.
26 on trending! Congrats man! 😊🎉
Fun Fact,if you made about 90 more cuts to your dough , the 91 st would split the atom.
you made me almost cry over the remains of the dry scones in a bowl.
Being a Grandmother who's children loved my scones, back in the early 70's, well, I haven't had this good of a laugh in years.  Thanks, keep up the good comedic work.  Loved it.
"Listen with your eyes, not your ears." 
My Pastry Chef instructor teaches this method as "Baked goods can't tell time. They're dumb." So we don't rely on the timer
Just in case anyone was wondering 
17 shekels would be $4.76 BUT
4 dabloons would be $16
I'm too lit 😱 It went from cooking to stuff rolling ? 🤔
"cakey cookie bread bun rock croissant snack clumps"
As a Scot I can verify that payment can be, and is often made in scones. As such we leave them plain to carry in our pockets cleanly and give the toppings depending on the value.
Though exchanges vary across council zones, common values are;
Plain - Hapney
Marmalade - 4 Dubloon
Strawberry jam - 17 shekels
All of the above - the dugs bullocks
Awesome cooking video! Love your style! Especially when you wang-janggle!
its  doubloon not dabloon how dare thee thank you goodbye
"These Hard soft muffin donut breakfast biscuits" that's a lot to say in 3 seconds 😂
I call it a biscuit their biscuits
YSAC, I love you.  Thank you and that's all.
First vid. You made me laugh so I subscribed
I will fight on...Scones are pronounced Scones NOT Scons
you forgot lemon zest and blueberries in the description ingredients
bone app the teeth 👌🏽
That rock held together surprisingly well with that baking cement
I just love your video's;-D
This is my favorite recipe video ever
I am from Scotland and the way you pronounce it is scone
hopefully this will help you on how to pronounce it




I'm being sarcastic
Finally, he brought back outro song
Thank you ysac you have solved the scone war
I don't know if it's the English way of making scones but my family has always poured a can of lemonade into scone mix?? No idea why.
Uh, I didn't get mad when you started to say that it's pronounced "scon". Don't get involved people
Cook off between you and babish. Book it vince
I've always wanted to make scones!! I'm going to try this. Wish me luck with the wangjangler!
I beg to differrrr. I don't feel like I'm wasting my life watching this type of content! Subscribed!!
I think we're all in love with this man despite never having seen his face
It’s scone pronounced sc-on
Your music making skills would be welcomed on Bobs burgers
Clotted cream and jam on a scone is heaven. Perfect brunch while curled up in bed on a rainy day.
HHHMMM.... Im getting henrys kitchen vibes
I would buy a shirt that says the ondo is on four-hundo
Undo's on four hundo
Possibly my new favorite cooking show
BAKING CEMENT
"hard soft muffin donut breakfast biscuit"😂😂😂
WANG-JANGLING NOTIFICATION SQUAD WHERE YOU AT?!
How is pemblockto?
Mate how do you not laugh when ur making the footage, such a legend
Recommendations from a random guy 



1. go to walmart and go buy raisin bread
This chanel is like how to basic but better XD 
How have i lived without watching it
Roboto is a jerk. Always wants the last word.
Does God speak to you now? 😂
"you will never be a scone" story of my life dude 😐
Just realized i watched the entire video upside down...
Oh finally tou showed up we missed you so much!!!  I almost thought you're dead 😂
Im Scottish and i can confirm we use scones as a currency
The person who created scones tried to make cookies, but didn’t know how, so they ended up using cake batter
4:55 - This is a map of Greater Hungary.
Look dude, I don't know who you are, but thank you. You've brightened my day.
Ah, yes, the scalene triangle.
you actually kept carrying and rolling a small boulder just for the outro u strong
YSAC, next time I want an even amount of blueberries in those scones. NO EXCEPTIONS.
A wise man once said
'Unos on 4 huno'
your vids are more detailed 😂 i used to watch for comedy but now i feel like it’s actually an amazing guide
First time ever watching a video here & I had no choice but to subscribe!!  Love Scotland, love scones & this was just way too much fun to watch!  Great recipe delivery!! Awesome video!!
I'm impressed by the scones' traveling abilities
Are you gonna finish that Croisscone
that was incredible
the fact that he cut the scone batter into the shape of the union flag is amusing to me 
(unless he didn’t mean that)
(congrats anyway)
actual cooking and baking tips?! WHAT IS THIS YSAC
"Pff- I meant this as a joke, but it actually works perfect."
This inspired me to roll rocks in my backyard.
And a like
"You'll never be a scone. But at least someone told you goodbye"😂😂😂😂😂
"They're not cookies sigint"
Im from ireland and can confirm pastries are illegal here
Best content ever! Keep it up!
Does it have to be with common decency? 
What if my kneading is a bit... mollesty?
its pronounced Scun btw
I find your lack of Hobo Johnson references disturbing.
YSAC DAY IS MY FAVORITE DAY
My friend actually made these!!! They were so goooood!!
you pronounce it Sc-You-Nie
oh man you really outdid yourself with this video! The effort you went through to provide us with those true facts! Loved the video
Cakey cookie bread bun rock croissant snack clumps
Laying brick is hardass work yo. It's not satisfying at all 😂
You can make a really nice lemon glaze for scones with powdered sugar and just enough lemon juice to liquify.
Bro I love Gregg
He is actually the best editor on youtube
You sound like Tina from Bob’s Burgers
I followed these instructions to a T.  Gotta say they turned out perfectly and thank-you for this solid recipe! I can't wait to do some experimenting with fillings and eggs now!!!!:)
Some of your best work !  Keep on wang-gangl-in !
You missed your opportunity to make a "like a rolling scone" pun.
"Because you're wasting your life on the internet"
Too real, YSAC.
I can’t imagine what someone would say if they saw you throwing scones down the road and setting up your camera every five seconds for end video footage.
How to basic who?
Your hilarious!😂😂
From the west midlands.scones are pronounced scown not scon
We are trending! Congrats! +Early for me!
I feel like he's professional chef but he's just having fun on yt
That's a big lemon 2:36
Hey guys! Did you know that the triangle is the strongest shape in engineering! What a fact :)
You Suck At Cooking I actually know why you have to make sure that the butter is nice and cold and cubed up when adding it to the flour mixture. What happens is, as it bakes, the butter melts, resulting in a light, fluffy, and somewhat buttery pastry!
As a chef i need these to keep me from loathing my job sometimes. Thank you
People who pronounce scones as “scones” also say “stones” and not stones.
this is the best video i have ever watched it was so well thought out and super clever
You are a legend and an icon and I have so much damn respect because YOU DO THE THINGS WE ALL THINK OF BUT NEVER DO
I have a feeling 90% of the time it takes to make these vids is spent on retakes of the rolling parts. And I'd say it's worth it.
By far the most entertaining videos on YT 🍳🍳🔥
"watch with your eyes not with your ears" HAHAHAHAHAHA
Could you make some Lemon Bars?
It is a scone. Pronounced SKOWNE. I am from england and you will not argue with me.
I didn't know everyone had the passive aggressive calm voice too...
I miss penblakto 😭
You sound like the male version of Tina Belcher.
The intro song made me feel like a million bucks!  Thanks =)
5:31 rocks rolling.
Scottish scones can be found inhabiting the same hilly terrain as the common haggis, in the highlands of Scotland.
I live in the uk so we fight a lot (apparently) but I am from Essex (near London) so I say scone but when I moved up north everyone pronounces it scon
"Give them space to express themselves. Change is inevitable." - my favorite line in this video <3
You kinda remind me of Ryan Reynolds.. A bit
I am new to this channel and I laugh so hard on the intro and I sub 😂😂😂
its pronounced scone
So my wanglatude levels are naturally low what can I do to improve them
I dont have Blue Berries, are these Red Berries wich i found in the Wild and have Halucinetic Effects when eaten i mass okay too? 

(They are also Poisonous but i am immune to that after i invested some time in the ... oh great ... "Human Class Genetic Natural Mutative Modification Skill Root Network Tree Thingy" (Thats the Official Name))
Is pimblokto back yet? You said spring boi
Before baking, brush the tops of scones with a tiny bit of cream and sprinkle unrefined sugar on top for extra carbs. None of us get enough carbs.
As a Scottish person, i can confirm that we use scones as a currency
Scone like Sc-own ITS THE RIGHT WAY
Nobody has mentioned how it was the start of the Zelda discovery theme he whistled at 1:14
You are a comedic genius. And a good cook. Thank you for a good laugh.
I tried your recipe for coconut macarons and it actually turned out really good! It was easy to make, and a lot of fun figuring out the measurements and such in your video. Your videos are so informative, but at the same time comedic! You’re one of my alltime favorite youtube channels for sure
Im so making this with some lemon zest glaze lol
Speech 100
As a Brit, I'm frankly appalled that you didn't rub the butter into the flour with your fingers. Also as a Brit, I'm grateful to you for mentioning our scone plight. I firmly believe it will tear our country apart more than Brexit ever could.
I'm offended. It's an isosceles. you said it was a SCALENE
PIMBLOCKTO. WHERE IS HE 😱😭😭😭🙌
Rip scone 2018-2018 😢😢
This guy's attitude left me broken and sconed
Brb.  I think my scone is ringing..
"Croiscone" killed me
is roboto your new robot?
I screamed on that rolling scones lol
i pronounce it Yanny.I mean Laurel
When your rewatching his old videos an notice you missed one so its like he uploaded again already
im scottish and im a scone person
I’ve been wanting to try these! You make it look so easy!! Thanks
How did I only just find this channel. 😂
The production value of the rolling scones were immense
Au revoir is pronounced, oh vwah
rock croissant snack clumps
The ending was so sniff beautiful. The production values are off the charts! Best song yet.
How long do these keep for?
Shouldn't you add a bit of salt into the dry mixture? I see most of the pastries recipes do that 😊😊😊
in scotland we pronounce it "Scon."
That's an eastern scone though, western scones are made from deep-fried yeasted dough not baked pastry dough.
Some say the rocks rolled all the way back to Scotland.
These are real recipes people  .. just it's being made into a joke 👏
My snake was climbing over my iPad and pressing a million videos. He stopped on yours. You had better feel honoured that my boy stopped on your video. (Btw I wasn’t disappointed by the video. I guess I’ll be making scones later.)
Hilarious definitely gotta new subscriber
2:21 I don't actually think I've heard YSaC laugh before now
Its scon not scoonee. Its also cream then jam for anybody wondering
Let's start a petition for justice for Devon, who's with me?
Fun fact he’s Canadan, in other videos he said “soory ”
If William Osman had a cooking channel
Other girls:omg he must be hot!
Me:What if hes secretly a giant egg with arms???
You called the wangjangler a fork and it hurt so much
Basic baking cement 🤣🤣🤣
Been here since episode. 3! Still haven't subscribes. I miss pinblockto btw...
Brilliant video footage! Sitting here at Y&S FOOD! we really like to check out these types of contents. We produce Travel & Food video too, around the world, and therefore we are constantly aiming for inspirations and also approaches. Thank You.
It would be hilarious if he was a legitimate chef or cook. 😆
Wang-jangle has become my new favorite word.  Or is it wangjangle?  Never mind, I say it with my mouth, not with my eyes so it doesn't matter.
Love you but this wasn’t in my sub box why has YouTube forsaken me
Hilarious lol omg... would sub but im vegan
I'll have whatever those rocks at the end were having. They just kept going!
Man that dry humor is cracking me up!
Wow i was unsubbed. But ive been subbed sine like 50k love this channel
cringed every time he said scone :( it's not s-cone, its sc-on
3:17 can confirm, am Scottish
I really love your intro
Scone. Scon. Scoon. Scune. Scown. Sclown.
Umm actually it is pronounced as scone.
Actually, you lift the little bits at the bottom with a feather, and keep it in a special place forever.
My new favorite channel 😂
I am calm
Ok stay that way then
That was beautiful. I think I cried.
I went to Scotland and traded them, and I got ripped off,i got 16 instead of 17. I AM SO MAD 😡
You are awesome dude! 
🙌🏼😅
You sir, do not suck at cooking.
If they don't work out, at least you have rocks for stoni- I mean feeding someone
You, Bon appetit mag and brad leone would be great.
I just found this channel and I am now addicted.
I need to catch up on this channel
I learn so much watching your videos; it's more than just cooking. Who knew? 🤷‍♀️
Wow number 13 on trending nice job ysac
You are actually meant to use to knifes
wow, this is probably the first YouTube show i actually like.
I have no clue why I went here
I’ve been looking for Baking Soda all over the world, in every soda machine, how did you get it?
Au revoir mon amie cest un bon video
Don't let this video make you forget the fact that the USA failed to qualify for what seems to have been the best football World Cup so far.
oh my god i love this!
It looks like he genuinely had fun with one. This one is my new favorite you suck at cooking ep!
I laughed way more during this than I ever thought I would during a baking video. Well done.
I will just call it scome
He’s a improved how to basic
I am getting Male Tina vibes... 🤔🤔🤔 I'm liking it.
Could there be used milk instead of the cream?
Tried it but with eggs, rather... eggcellent if you will
It is pronounced scone, i am britain
Got alot of tina from Bob's burgers vibe s from this
Honestly I don’t know if I should actually try some of his recipes or are they pure jokes
You almost sound like steve MRE.
0:27 Where are the Brexit scones?
I love you so much lolol
Bring back Pimblokto
I prefer plain scones with only jam or butter in them.
I live in Scotland.
Please keep making more videos!! I absolutely love these. Always hilarious,  And slightly educational ;)
outro lyrics pls
I will try this recipe.  I have not had luck with scones.
Ouch, i felt sad for those leftover crumbs. :(
I'm from canada, and my mom and dad are british and scottish respectively. should I join the battle?
Legit, was feral hog hunting a week ago and we packed American scones for our lunch.
YSAC is how to basic with actual talent and a sense of humor
OMG he finally posted
I appreciate this type of humor
Fun fact. I was paid entirely in scones when I lived in Scotland. I then traded them for cigarettes. It was just like that time I was in prison.
Am Scottish can confirm everything
God damn. I love you songs at the end and your video fillming And edits. Lovely
D-Did Pimblockto thaw out yet?
make macarons!!
Just listen, not watch you'll get more information that way.
I love you!!🤣😆😂
Oh my god you are the funniest person I follow
17 shekels is pretty expensive for a scone
I love wherehe tries to make a random audio!😹
Great channel- Great video...now, i'm going to Wang Jangle on out of here.
who knew you could fall in love without seeing a face
My cooking lexicon now entirely consists of YSAC vocabulary.
You're so creative and funny! 😀 really dough 😁
Can we still pay to see his other content?
One person in my class says scone as sc-OH-n as in with an Oh not an O and everyone else thinks he is absolutely bonkers
I think he's actually getting good  at cooking
i can only imagine how delish those taste!
This channel is extremely underrated
You want chunks of butter because it makes the bread crispy. That's why some recipe call for us to knife the butter in
Someone needs to do a swan shaped scone tutorial.
The key to commenting is to never watch the video so you get FIRST
Why do I feel like this is my brother cooking
Collab with Alex Ernst
Me: * looks at channel name * NO U
me after the video 
google are pastries illegal in ireland
IM LATE AS FRICK
This channel is just shottysteve with food
I couldn't tell, in what part of the video he was serious.
id imagine a lemon sugar glaze would go good on these
Daddy's back
actually it's 18 shekels per scone, not 17
please keep making these videos 








they are amazing!!
Why wouldn’t you just use a pastry blender for the butter 😂 Still a great episode as always
Holy scone song.
Bro, it's summer, where's pimblokto
This is now one of my favorite videos on YouTube.
best. channel. EVER
The best episode since the french fry rap
I'm midway through my introductory channel binge, trying not to wake my family with my laughter
Damnit I just got my wisdom teeth out and you upload! I can’t tell if this makes me feel better or worse 😀
You can also have plain butter scone and cheesy scone. I am so Scottish my mam's surname is McBeath
yum! I want to try to make these. And I absolutely love your directions LOL.
I have to say something.


You suck at singing



No hate just a joke
Gotta love that emoji explanation lol
I love how YSAC just stays replying to random ass comments after the initial upload.... Anyway. I'm about to try to make these scones. Not the stone scones, the merican scones.
English Scones are actually a lot better in my opinion
I wish you break/cut the scones so that we can see the inside..Not sure if its supposed to look like a cookie/cake etc. Thanks for all the videos. They are awesome!
Omfg seriously ur to much 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wait you know how like he talks to food right? Well to a food brain. They probably would be screaming trying not to die, without us knowing
I work at starbucks and we sell blueberry scones so i instantly clicked on this vid bc damn my mouth is watering already
We have a restaurant here that actually sells Blueberry Scuffins! Somewhat disappointing, though...
Your scones song sounds like something off of a Unicorns track!  Love it
As an Irish person I can confirm that pastries are illegal here
This is hilarious 😂
ive been subscribed to this channel since you had 10k. now youre #4 on trending! im so proud of you!! keep doing what you do.
Great stuff. More please! :)
In ma country we Call it Stone they are very hard
Make a scone-a-copra for thanksgiving, everyone loved it, they were so loving of it they kicked me out and told me to come back with squash casserole.
chicken noodle soup ysac
Good to see you again, now I can easily eat my real American scone while driving my pickup truck to the outlet mall to buy a monster truck.
Why am I late?! This channel is awesome!!
Cutco knives...you fancy!
made this recipe and they came out perfectly and then my dog ate all of them when i went upstairs so these scones are ‘certified pup approved’
Why didn't I find this channel sooner?
The leftover crumbles did nothing wrong and they deserve better
The most satisfying video in a long time chuuurrp
"But at least someone told you the truth. You're welcome. Goodbye."
"Give them space to express themselves." I LoL-ed and snorted a bit.
ITS SCONE NOT SCONE AAGGGHHHHH

                SCONE INTENSIFIES
This man is funny as heck, as heck i tell you.
Ahkchually, the strongest shape is the equilateral triangle
This is my first video of yours I’ve watched. At first, I was thinking “My god, who is the abhorrent person behind this monotone?” And four minutes in, I thought, “Wow, this guy is relatable AF.”
Exfoliate that damn lemon!
I feel like everyone who watches will never make this but just watches for the randomness
I liked subbed and turned on notifications
It's scone not scone
I thought there were no corners in a round bowl
“Your wasting your life on the internet”
How am I supposed to stop when this channel is funny as **ck 
Uncensor that please
How am I supposed to stop when the channel is funny as heck
Thank you.
I really appreciate how your music has been evolving with the videos. your guitar tone is getting pretty good my dude.
I really wanna see his face
You should make a band called the rolling scones
Humor in this is beautiful
you want lil chuNKs of butter not warm butter that will blend in perfectly... nobody knows why and nobody cares
Is it just me or  are Rhett and Link  singing all of the songs?
CHUNKus hunting
Instructions weren't clear. Made a cookie.
It's pronounced "scone," not "scone."
That last scene was actually wonderfully shot
💋I just love your voice!
Hahaha, what great, light hearted video.
I love scone, making them and eating them.
Think about how many takes someone did to get perfect rolling rock shots. Then take some shots of rolling rock until you can't even think.
If you are from the internet, 'scone' is pronounced 'gif'.
Do sweet potato casserole
Actually it's scone not scone
Isosceles all the way dude
Isn't it 'scalene' triangles? 4:14
Its clearly pronounced scone, so get it right.
I dont have enough knives for this recipe
making a croisscone and mixing up english and french baked goods is a criminal offence in the UK.
As an Irishman... What is that word you said, pace tree? We don't have running foliage here.
Your hands are so VEINY
That ending song blew me away! How you do that?
Notification in the morning....*WHAAAAAAT*
Cant wait to use the knownledge I learn from you in real life when I need to cook for myself
F@€k i found this entertaining. Not sure what todo next. Plus side making scoffins tomorrow
Why do i love this so much
I saw this on trending 🤣
I have a crush on your creativity.
I've known a sconer or two... great video!
I feel like people are asking for YSAC to revive pimblockto
Don’t you mean SCO-lean triangle
this didn't work -_-
As a Scottish person, IT'S 'SC-AW-N'
17 shekels is about ratio 😃
i think u are MaximilianMus
LMAO is this amazing
I want to see something where he is not messing around. Prank? Aprif fools?
This will be great for shooting.
You are not funny, just cook the recipe!
Best channel on YouTube.
You bring so much more fun to cooking!
If you say scone or scon one more time, i will wangjangle your face with a fruit cake.
I have been fighting on for years
You're good at cooking yeah you're totally good
I'm really sad I already watched this 😞
you sir have a new subscriber. because i subscribe to things that are sometimes funny but not always, Unless you are always funny then in that case i'll like your video too. Okay just so you know i liked it too.
It's scone because once I eat it, it's gone
I have been ridiculed and corrected for pronouncing scone "wrong" my whole life. My grandma is Scottish. I'm gonna say "scone" like it rhymes with "on" because that's how we say it. We have a kilt.
How much baking soda do you add? I kno its not a Gallon...lol
You are so awesome!!
The next how to basic.
2:22 that moments where he breaks character is my favorite XD always cracks me up
Thanks bbg!  I made some for my mom and she loved them :)
What percentage of cream?
Yeah but my life is already a joke
Came for the goofs and gaffs but stayed for the great rolling scones  montage 👍
A cool trick is to use a cheese grater for the butter, it works really well and fast
Day 292: they've gotten the upper hand, we sconers are slowly dying. Please send he-
you all think he is being funny but you all are incorrect.
Woah when did you hit a mill nice job
What a big sconer
I made these today, and they were awesome. A couple things I would change are the cooking time. I needed around 25ish minutes until the insides were cooked. Also, depending on your tastes, i would recommend 2 tablespoons of lemon zest and 6 tablespoons of sugar, these weren't really sweet.
The Rolling Scones haha
I don't normally like cooking channels but this was perfecc. Subbed
I personally pronounce it as scone since that's literally how it's supposed to be pronounced when it's spelled that way.
Large Rock, Rolls Far!
Wait this channel is legit?
Love all the scone puns! Or should I say ... scuns!
Those facts about Scotland are true. We do use scones as currency
I need tips. How do I bake with blueberries without over drying them out? (Especially with bread)
It is even harder with raisins in Irish soda bread.
it's SCONE not SCONE
FACE REVEAL IN EPISODE 100!!!!!!!!
My papa was a Rolling Scone.
I’m dying from this😂😂
I don’t know what’s true and what’s not 💀💀💀😂 are scones illegal ???????🤣💀
As an Irish gal I can 100% confirm that all baked goods, not only pastries, are illegal in Ireland.
Buy JCP frsh shld I mean it under 6 dollars for all three stocks
Nice job with the frolicking stone scones
But I'm watching my phone while baking.....so...
Face Reveal at 2 mil subs?? pleeeeeaaaasssseee
Poor crumblies. 😳 I subscribed! 😂
he brought back outro song omg omg omg
when you live in the uk
You're brilliant
lmao 😂 this is too funny.
KWAH - Scone.
please, be my dad
sophisticated hOw tO BaSIC
dude those look so good
Your fun facts are the best😂😂
Man u r koooool !!!!! Love ur recipe
5:30 wow I love the rolling scones
5 minutes after this video was released, three Sconut restaurants and two Sconut food trucks opened for business in Brooklyn.
You need to make some Merch for this channel
I enjoy cooking but never use your videos for cooking just for entertainment. I might actually try this tho
All my love to this guy and his vids 😊
THE MUSIC BROUGHT ME BACK TO THE DAYS OF THE EGG SERIES
I just love some tasty fresh rocks.😂👌
Scottish rock scones are da best!
Plz do collaboration with Sam onella academy
A rolling scone gathers no moss?
Hard Soft Muffin Donut Breakfast Biscuits ™️
Aren't these....




Rock Cakes? Cuz...I've never heard of SCONES
"Dabloons"
This guy, I just subscribed
i have made 4 batches of theses in the last 2 days. They're soooo good!
Feel bad for the crumbles lmao
I love this guy so much more than that stupid Casually Explained. In these videos, you actually teach us to cook stuff. In CE's videos all he does is attempt to explain things and doesn't even do that. Sad!
I feel like if Tina Belcher were a cook, she’d be just like you.
I pronounce scone as scawn, everyone tells me I'm wrong.
I know it took at least 5 tries to get that intro lol
thank you ysac, very cool!
So is it pronounced scone or scone?
please make some form of dumplings or pork buns
Why no show in sub-box
It’s common knowledge bakers are millionaires.
Should be a peach scone for hobo Johnson
Gif is pronounced gif
RIP crumbles
Scone puns.  Instant "like"
Undo on fivehundo
this never gets old
"give them space to express themselves, because change is inevitable"
I say it like scones
Your comedic timing is on point, as always!
Oh my gosh, those names!
Do I need to wash my hands cause I just took a massive 💩
That song at the end was good af
The Rolling Scones made an appearance!!!
finally, an episode I can share with my semi-senile easily confused conservative grandmother!
ah, yes, the scalene triangle
That description at the beginning was great
If Gordon Ramsey saw this, he would either laugh or insult you.
My mom loves making these. But I prefer pumpkin. Overall delicious 💕❤
I thought you’d never upload
I like how he actually makes the food and jokes around while in the process
I hope this isnt one of Greg's recipes because I changed the blueberries to raspberries
The Rolling Scones
It's pronounced 'Skoon'
I just love every single episode
That song at the end was amazing
I finally figured out a Scottish scone is the same as an American biscuit, except biscuits don't usually have sugar in them. Fun fact: the easiest biscuit recipe is, take some cream and some self-rising flour and mix them to the consistency that you prefer, and bake them. These are awesome. You'd be amazed.
You didnt ask its consent before kneading
I love the famous cutting cutting board
3:22 I think you mean legal tender
I just realized how much he sounds like Andrew from BuzzFeed
This cured my depression
How do you make such amazing music?
cut the sugar and cut into circles and you got american biscuits. then you can get UK and US people arguing ad infinitum about what "biscuit" means
I wish my culinary teachers were like you
You need a pastry cutter! Does the same thing as your 4 knives.
are they supposed to be hard to soft like a cake? and what is the ingredient that creates this difference?
okay but why tf is a scone
Make a finding Pimblockdo mini series
you’re on trending bby 😣 i’m proud
Is he the casually explained guy
That croiscone didn't turn out quite right. Looked more like a sconana.
You say scon the scone community will assasinate you.




Be careful when messing with things you dont understand
is that u are rubbing my skunkoonk
The sconucopia looked a lot like Scone-1, Boba Fett's delectable space-faring starfighter.
Why does your knife have a string?!!?! why?!!??!
Oh! Look what we have here! A talking HowToBasic!
How about sconepie? In addition to sconenut, sconeffin etc?
Schooooonnnn!
Hey, pimblocto is alive
Give me my stone I meant scone
It look like cannabis food lmaoo😂😂😂😂
The scone cold approach to leftover dough is completely and utterly necessary.
This is the definition of dry humor. Dry like a scope. Hehehohohaha... I MADE A PUN!
I wonder just how much effort goes into each video...
Was that a cover by the rolling scones?
Are you related to binging with Babish? Or was the colab just a way for y'all to get more viewers??
Are you god of cooking?
If you say scone in that way that sounds like gone, then you're dead to me
I sold those knives to help pay for school! Still use em too!
I love fruit rocks
Refreshing
I'm eating a scone while I watch this
To me from a bit of a distance, the thumbnail looks like dogs kind of.
Eating these are a great way to choke yourself, I nearly died one time eating one of these with no fluid.
What’s the conversion of Schrute bucks to scones?
Instructions unclear. I ended up getting a scone instead of a scone.
petition to make this video a national treasure
the perfect munchie for getting sconed
As someone born in Stirling and someone who has lived in Scotland for 8 years of my life, I approve. Just like mum makes
3:36 Shaming the mixture
Thank you for pronouncing it correctly. I have had arguments with the Starbucks girl who doesn't understand my pronunciation. I have told her repeatedly you can say it like a stupid American or you can say it correctly.
Scones are more like dump cakes with purpose
"You suck at cooking" is the only reason i might actually get into cooking some day! 🙂and then i can start a second channel about cooking, yeahhh!
I don’t even know why I expected the first fun fact to be non satirical
Art! These videos only get better.
Scones are only good when they are moist.
Face reveal at 500 subs?
SHUNT!! ElectroBOOM anyone?
You made my daughter so sad, she said she needed to go drink some milk.
Good job on 24th on trending
It's scone
For A Melinia
I don't unterstand why this is the best cooking channel on the internet, but it is.
That last scene rocked!
the more you know
YASSSSSS ur back!!!
Scones with jam and cream is the best food ever created
No you succ a cooking
The song at the end really buttered my parsnips
Chun Cunting, nice ta meet ya
I really like your voice for some reason.
I pronounce it as scone, not scone.
bring back Pimblockto!!!
EPIC!
Are you a scones person or scornes person?
This was such a good episode! It definitely had a more serious cooking vibe to it, and the motivational song at the end was great.
I always re watch this video
This is awesome.
HILARIOUS
Dude it's not scones it's scones jeez
You could have stacked them on top of each other to make a scone throne
1:15





FINAL FANTASY PEOPLE
1 scone = 1 pint of buCKfAsT
The rolling scones
Can you make sour cherry scones-
Im expecting something when heard 2 eggs. 😞
Subscribing for how the last song made me feel 😂😭
3 years ago you made the guacamole vid.. That was ep 1 of you suck at cooking.. Now looka at you making scones
Is it possible to make these with blackberries, or do they have too much liquid?
I'm good at cooking so change it
3:15 is that god
Best one yet omfg hahahaha
You know, the only difference between English scones and American Scones, is that Americans like blueberries in their scones as well as zest fruits, while English scones usually have cherries and some forum of cream. And English scones are better!
Are u Canadian
What if there just isn't enough room for them to express themselves?
my dream is a collab between this dude and bill wurtz tbh
Yes YSAC, yes.
Do these actually work 😂
Did you say KeKe?
Its not the best... But im happy with this gift of creativity and facts about the most ruthless and violent breakfast pastries
I love you
Loquatiously elitious.
Sorry D dropped off.??
So can you suggest ways to cook these without a stove, and using an awesome hot plate or questionably leaky microwave.?
Thanks,
From an initiated.
Scones, in Ireland we call them... 1:40. 😐. 


we all know that scones are fancy potatoes with bow ties
Laughed 4 times in under 2 minutes lol. Very funny bro
Good god this is a lot of work... I ordered delivery.
This is hilariously awesome!
Undoos on four hundoo
I don't have time for this - I need to know how to make scones in the MINIMUM amount of time possible. I'm bleeding out from a gunshot wound to the neck and the last thing I want to do before meeting my maker is enjoy a nice homemade blueberpibaenopkqer kn;mm
Do Irish soda bread cause ur 100% the best special baker ever
Im hungry Now
I’m scared, can I actually make these? I really want to😅
Wait....what the freakin duck?!? What was that about pastry being ilegal in Scotland???
It's delicious, and easy to make. Thanks!
I love you
This is hilarious
Or just use your hands
I actually cooked these! They’re good but I was to light with the sugar and salt so they’re a little bland but I just put some sugar on top of them and everything was good
vitamex?
What's Neymar doing at the end of the video? lmao
Why is wang jangle not a part of my daily vocabulary?!
That ending song is so epic !!!
0:20 sick burn
Quascone 😂😂 I love it
First one was a peepscone
Scones are the best breakfast dessert.
scoissant for the french inside us all
lmfao this guy is frickin weak
Looks so good
this is great good nice funny
scoon scone jif gif
I want someone that talks to me the way YSAC says scalene triangle.
Ok, you lost me at the first breath you took in this video.
I just ate any you made me hungry again
About to go make this, wish me luck!
I've-cream scone
Hint: use a food processor if youre lazy like me
Real the pastry ban 2019
Holy shit he laughed.
So if I actually tried to make this. Would it come out good? 

basically asking if recipe is correct
Stop making fun of my cooking skills :)
How is every video pure gold
I have been baking scones for over 35 years and this is the funniest scone related video I have ever seen.
its sc-on
my boiiiii
How to basic better younger brother
How many attempts did that first line take
did pimblockto thaw out yet?
how in hell did I miss this video
Merican scone
Why tf did i just now discover this channel 😔 i might as well be living under that scone rock
He should make a album from all the songs he’s made for the videos
Why Didn't You Put The Leftover Crumbs In A Special Place, forever
undos on 4 hundo :)
Is it 400f° or c°
This is Awesome!
Dude ur hilarious!
What about the all Canadian scone
YSACYYTS
Was he serious about the lemon
British style scones… in the US, we call those biscuits, and it’s popular to smother them in sausage gravy.
HEY YOU ARN'T BAD
I'm a sconer lad
He... he posted...
Do a face reveal
DO SUSHI
You can always use your hands to mix the butter if you don't mind the scones taste like fingers.
Those aren't blueberries that the dough picked up while rolling through the forrest, fyi.
Those leftover crumbs will haunt you, dude.
Good job on hiting 100mil views
Vid starts at 1:46 and ends at 4:51. YOU'RE WELCOME!
Anyone else watch this with a finger in their bellybutton and grunting the whole time?
i think cherrys instead of bluebarrys would be better
Congrats on getting on trending
ah, the scalene triangle.
Oof trending mate.
i dont wanna sound creepy but i mainly watch your videos because you have nice hands
Love you
Hahaha I have the same cutco knife
I love this
What if this is how to basic?
That thumbnail looked bomb
Congratulations you did it
If you make this without lemon is it still good? Im way to lazy to go out and buy lemons
😄this is so dumb and weird but I love it
27 on trending nice
LMAO
CAN I GET A HELLO SENPAI
S C O N
Lasagne please?
Yummm
Get you a man that can make scones
YERT
Snack clumps
did you just threw a scone off from a mountain and record it
This guy is great
Please never change. But I guess change is inevitable...
Tf were. ya at?
why this reminds me of an anime
I'm so attracted to his voice.
I love  this  video!  I subscribed.
Cooking channel or Music channel?
omg your shekels
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen.
Drop Astroworld
Right as he mentioned skittles I started laughing since I was eating skittles
You are too wonderful for the internet. XD
as an irish citizen i can confirm. my mother once baked a loaf of bread to feed her starving children and she was given the death penalty
5:15 happy thanksgiving!
Face reveal?
ᴡʜᴀᴛ ɪғ ɪ ғᴏʟʟᴏᴡ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴛʜɪɴɢ  ʜᴇ ᴅᴏᴇs?
I hope this wont give me kidney scones
i think i love you
Always thought it was sko-hnn
I’m most impressed with the rock clips
So what's the exchange rate between American and Sottish scones? I would say about 3 to 1 based on size and quality, but I'm biased.
lol I loved this
The song came directly for me wow
For anyone who is wondering 4 dabloons is about 4 dollars
more egg stories
Yay, new video. Time to watch this and all the other videos for the 5th or 6th time
anyone try these?
Scarne asada
That ice cream scone is actually an armoured assault tank without the cannon
Scones or stones?
Screw this video, I only eat classic Scottish scones while hunting for wild boar!!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah that's to much work.
Imagination ambition is looking like a good Cook
It’s scone not scone
Can we get a peach scone for hobo johnson
Why don’t my comments ever get noticed 🤔
Streuselkuchen lecker
I apologize good sir, but you have SEVERELY offended me by stating the strongest geometric shape is the "scalene" triangle. I'll have you know that an equilateral triangle PERFECTLY distributes any force introduced to either of its perfectly equal sides in such a way that even a quadrilateral would be amazed (that's a square you rhombus). So don't you EVER insult me by stating something as ludicrous as a scalene being stronger than an equilateral. Good day.
I as a representative of North Korea approve
Hard soft muffin donut breakfast biscuit
I Miss YSAC!😂😂
OMG.. This channel is hilarious....
He lives in the woods
HE'S TRENDYY
Fantastic movie! Hereabouts at Y&S FOOD! we like to discover such type of content. We create Travel & Food shows as well, all around the world, and we are constantly interested in inspirations and so good ideas. Thank You.
Number 6 on trending
how about using greek yogurt instead of cream?
Canadian brother
Nice title considering England can’t cook scones
Will you... Will you finish the Egg series?
Baking cement
I say scoon from now on. I am anarchy.
I love getting scones
Why’s are pastries illegal in Ireland?
I see that cutco product
this look realy good
“Give them space to express themselves”’ lmfao
Those looked so tasty 😊
Those look like a misformed muffin
Please make a Kombucha episode.
How do you can cone? Scone.
Attempting to make these right now.... will update....
the best way to describe american scones is the illuminati
Watching these at work is a mistake. Now I'm hungry and want to leave early to test out the 'Murica scone on my ride back.
OOOOOOOOOOOOH THE SCALENE TRIANGLE
How many takes did that song scene take?? Jesus
Expected a funny video, found a actually good guide to making scones
stones
That French class obviously didn’t help Dx
I already forgot what au revoir means and I’m too lazy to look it up
I think I'm in LOVE
Uh...about when are we supposed to laugh at the jokes?
I want a face reveal
scones give me gas
This comment is designed to try to get him to reply to my comment.
croiscone
How did you get onto trending
#5 on Trending
Thought the second one was a scone-gina and their  was and gentle scon-enis. You know I think those crazy kids are going to make it
Its not scone, or scone, it's actually pronounced, dry tasteless disgusting crumbly rock.
I'm gonna make these and put cream and jam in anyways, gotta bring it home like
Thank you
I would buy an ondos on 4hondos shirt
TRENDING WOOHOO
He said add "cream?" Whats that?
Fun fact: Scones originated in the Island of Scagos. A mysterious island in the north-east of Westeros where unicorns dwell to this day.
I'm so sconely
Are you Sam o’nella in real life
At first I thought the thumbnail was a bunch of puppies sleeping on top of eachother
Has he ever said oven I’ve only heard him say onion or undoe
What I learned today: a scone is just a fancy ass biscuit cut into triangles with some fruit. This was THE most entertaining cooking tutorial I’ve ever watched in its entirety. You have a gift and I enjoy watching. Cutting butter into the flour helps with texture and flakiness. Tip of the day: invest in a pastry cutter...or continue stabbing your dough. 😊
How dose he cut so fast
Hard soft doughnut muffin biscuits
03:35 :,( so sad
You weren't good enough hahaha
mmmm baking cement.
You can also do 
Strawberry Orange Scones
Cheese and Jalapeño Scones ( just don’t add the sugar and add salt to taste)
And if you want the scones to taste like coconut use Coconut Oil
I am worse at cookie then the cookie in the intro.
Better than Tasty.
Why... Did you call a scone a biscuit?
The battle is between caramel and carmal
wait you need the lemon skin? NANI oof oof oof
❤️
Peter knife hands? 🤣
I make scones similar to those, just the main differences being that I use oranges to make a glaze for the top of it and I use blackberries.
What does he look like. Has he done a face reveal
Mcguffin
There's actually a utencil that cuts butter in!
What happened to the onion?
My favorite scones are pumpkin spice scones or brown sugar cinnamony ones.
Is it gif or jif
Come visit Scotland, I'll make you a scone. Or a scone if you prefer
Do you write a script or is this all off the cuff? You are pretty damn hilarious.
Never call a Scottish thing "British" unless you're actually being paid by the UK government to do it. Leaving money on the  table otherwise. (c.f. "British Haggis")
Bravo🥐
When are you going to upload another video
“Peter knife hands”
We need a behind the scenes channel
Am i stupid 4 actually following this guys recipes bec there not bad...(some of them)
He sounds like daily dose of internet
Nice cutco knives
All I could see was the un-mopped water on the wooden cutting board
I can’t stop listening to the scone song at the end!
Wait is he saying that he sucks at cooking
Fight on
Scone rhymes with gone
i want a copy of the song!
#13 on trending America
bean dip
Do you think chocolate chip scones with honey butter would taste good?
I pronounce it skone because after I eat them they are sgone
All inclusive huh? Sorry Mel, I want butter and honey or jelly on there.
😆👍
I know why...
How do you like a video twice?
that large knife handle is baller
Scoohn not scon
Rock cakes
What about Pemblockto?
LOL JK THIS WAS AWESOME! XD
My sister is in prison for the rest of her life cos she tried to open a bakery in our basement
You’re one of the only reasons I go on the internet now
Ahhhhh it’s pronounced scone
I had one of these a week ago and had no idea what to call it. Blueberry bread lump? Muffin slag?
Just found this. Why is this so funny
I wanna try these
Tina? Is that you?
How many people googled if pastries were illegal in ireland.
WHo0oPs
For some reason, Wet and Hot sounds like a Stand name.
One of my favorite videos of yours ever :)
A Saying in wales is once its scone it's gone
BEVERLY.    WILSHIRE.     HOTEL.                              BH
Everybody knows its scone not scone!
It's scone not scone.
why add british or american blueberries? they have no taste ;)
So one scone is around 5 dollars
I'm so hungry
Can you replace the blueberries with chocolate chips?
I don’t even know how I found this channel a year ago
...Who's WNC?
So 1 scone is 16 dollars?
Very funny.  Hope you keep it up.
What if i want a peach scone
Is it me or does this week like it has lord in it
what is with americans and their blueberries they don't particularly taste good and if you make this type of breakfast you don't really care about eating healthy either.
Lol so funny
I’m confused how this is trending
Its scone not scone.
you’ll never be a scone
I feel so bad for the crumbs
Best one in a while
why was this like 20th on trending?
BETTER THAN GORDON
I’d still eat it tbh
Subscribed.
I'M HERE
The undoh is at 4hundo
Scon
I’m Scottish it is scon
What's a good alternative to cream if I don't want to buy an entire carton?
I thought you died!
I say its scone with an accent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well it has cone in it so it is scone makes sense
Used to be so funny once!
Looks tasty
Wtf are these cookies but I’m hungry so I would eat them
Love scones
The scottish lost all their teeth after eating scottish scones
a scone till you eat it then its scon
Trendy
Some of those were isosceles triangles -_-
Please for the love of God, do not ever stop!!!  I laugh until I cry every time.  Carmel apples are my favorite ever, and even got my wife to laugh.  Seen every episode!  Wangjangle on my friend.  I'm on my way to throw out my oven and put in my new undoe, starting at one hundoe.
I have that cutco knife my mom was persuaded to buy them from a neighbor’s kid who went door to door selling them It was pretty weird
Lamb tutorial pls pleb
How to eat free
I love sconays
I’m Scottish and I don’t like scones
Make
'Merican!
I love your video!
Last time i made scones, they tasted like cement. Hopefully this video will help me out
Can I use these scones to throw at my enemies after I made them?
Your channel died.
I am from scotland and can confirm that scones are the only currency that we use. Give them some weird fucked up moldy bread they might think its a scone too
Isn't that the Final Fantasy victory fanfare you were whistling at 1:15? Love it
Lol clumps your awesome
Mmmm... delicious Scaggle
i wouldnt know what to do without  ysac in my life...i would probably die of starvation
Nice a baking video
Official prediction: An independent Scotland actually adopts the Scone (Sc) as our official currency after Brexit destroys the pound.
this guys is just a less educational cook then HTB
how many cookies do you have on the DARKSIDE bc its still the ARCH OR ARK ...yummy
Hi babish
It's easier to freeze the butter and grate it into the mixture with a cheese grater. In case you care, and want to know why this is important: you want the butter to be cold and for the little blobs to hold together and not completely mix with the flour; so when you bake them the little pockets of butter help create the tender flakey-ness of the scone.
Biscuit.
Is this loss
Scone
Lol
Did you just use your petite chef to chop butter?
scone rhymes with tone.
Man that looks good!
Of course the fattening one is American
They were delicious
Bit of a touchy topic for us brits. Go back to when the Black Death swept through mainland Europe. Although we said to them that the plague hit us hard but that was because we were too embarrassed to admit we had an horrific civil war. Some jokingly called it the scone age. Referring to how primitive some had become of the pronunciation. Dark days
Great video
Yummy and insults yeah
How did i miss this
😗😙😚
Why didn’t you forage for your food?
"I mean this is a real American scone" LMAOO. Please make a face reveal video!
Perfect show for 1-3 am
you also left out the intro clip
Just made these. I am satisfied but my girlfriend doesn't think they taste like scones
You cut your fingernail unevenly. That makes me crazy...
Oh my god! I can't believe scones are actually a cuurency in scotland! It almost sounds fake, but this is so awesome, I wish it was like this everywhere!!!
The thumbnail looking like a pilgrim made it
i luv u
Lmaoooo
Can I use coconut cream instead?
This is trending?
Be free little scones ;)
I didn't know cooking videos could be funny.
thank you
Was that pemblockto?
Scornucopia.
Im from Ireland and when he said the thing about the old crumbly potatoes i laughed XD
I know this is a joke but I’m kinda p*ssed off (p.s I’m British if that helps)
after watching your videos, I have been unable to say ' pepper'  just once. damn you.....
I hope he gets more popular...
In the UK, or at least in my family, we call "American scones" rock buns
It feels like I'm cooking with a madman who is also Ryan Reynolds.
This is gonna be the title of Hobo Johnson’s new song
Like a Rolling Scone - Bob Dylan
Im thinking of making these but i cant tell if he's joking. Wish me luck 🙏
i don't know why but these are just so enjoyable to watch can't keep the smile off my face.
Why triangles? It's not right... But good vid tho
Lol, it's 4th on trending!
Didn't see this in my subscription feed, thank goodness it was on trending.
It's Scone like gone because when you eat them they're Sgone
Only you could transform a scone travesty into deliciousness. As an English tinglish, this offended my sensibilities and tickled my tastebuds at the same time. Damn you sir, damn you.
please comment on my first video, very much please
Basic brick molding.
I bet this video doesn't have more egg lore in it.
wonderful hands
What's the point of American blueberries?
Mmmm yes.
um, only thing, rub in your butter and flour. as in, use the tips of your fingers and rub the ingredients together like that sprinkling meme (don’t use your palms, they’re too hot) until it resembles breadcrumbs. i suppose using a fork works, but, it’s probably faster if you just use your hands. i’m british, and therefore am an expert on scones (pronounced scons not scohns)
I’m new Justin y. Tell me who you watch
You’ll never be a scone, leftovers! You’re. Just. Like. Your. FATHER
Am Irish, can confirm; haven't seen a pastry since the Great War of 2002.
Holy Moley YSAC #4 in trending.
Idk who you are but this is the first video I've seen of yours and I think we're gonna get married someday
ROLLING SCONES!!
Hello, Humans. A wolf walks through the woods at night. The wolf sees a full moon and howls at it. There is a period in which, the wolf just stares off into the distance. A wolf can wonder far, without moving a single muscle. At some point, this amazing wolf turns into a man. This man, walks through the woods naked, until he steals some clothes, from a man he murdered. Things happen in life.

TERRANCE OUT
Pepper pepper pepper?
A scone is around 5 to 8 shekels, if you bought a scone for more you were robbed of your money >:(
You Suck at Cooking - A badass band that occasionally cooks things.
Scones and blueberry muffins are literally the only pastry/cake desserts I eat. So this combination is amazing. Oh, and scone is pronounce like “cone” but with an a at the start! So many arguments 😂
Hard Soft Donut Muffin Biscuits....
I wonder if doing these skits made you a better cook for real.
Josss...👍👍👍
Best video in a while! I love
4 on trending
First time breaking character.
It's Scone not Scone.
Super cooking
I prefer Peach Scones
I’ll admit that as a Brit the primary reason I clicked on this video was to assess your pronunciation. Sorry.
What is a 360° Inverted Pinapple Cake/Pie, and do you know how to act like you do?
4# on trending!
YSAC breaking character is the best thing about my July so far.
The struggle is real in the UK.  You'd better not pronounce 'scone' the wrong way or... you don't want to know.  Thankfully on the Internet, no one can hear you type.  

Fantastic music video at the end!  I'm impressed by how synchronised you got those stones!
The cementing worked for a good while!
This is food for people whom are too lazy to properly mix their ingredients. You can't criticize it through, because it's their culture now.
How can I add Marijuana to these because weed butter is liquid
The thumbnail looks like a rock
How could the “scones” go so far, as if they’ve just broken the jail?
Some say his Undo is still on 4 hundo..
im so happy youre posting more videos now !!!!!!! im your biggest fan
Is he casually explained?
Song at the end is by the rolling scones
Fuckn lobe this
my cereal bar isn’t working
And we're all gunna die....
why am I here
Your humor is contagious, you created this language that rings are hears the right way. 4 hundo, pepper pepper pepper, adding extra words to words and making vegetables come to life. I follow along with what you are saying and keep interested and distracted at the same time when you change :but keep the subject... if that makes any sense
I feel lighter than I have in days :-).
Scotish scone is like a biscuit
Четко
What were you smoking when you made this?Like that voice from the background and that leftover ingredients in the bowl XD
I like how I'm watching this currently in a kilt. 

Well, I shall look north expecting to hear the sounds of the bagpipes telling us it's time to hunt the wild Haggis.
i think I'm in love! Now time to binge watch everything for a million more times
Who agrees that he should do a collab with bill wurtz
I was having a great time until the rock in the end just attacked me for about my life decisions.
Here before 1 mill
I'm making those for an unhealthy breakfast tomorrow.
I hardly see people give you props on how much effort this is to make. The video. Not the scones. Love your film making, thanks for the inspiration. cheers
I want these but im broke and lazy
Are the scones suppose to be soft  or hard to bite? the cement part got me all confused
Watching this at 2 a.m. and I just lost it at sconut
BONE APPLE BEEF
weird hobo johnson cover
wholy fuck
i wonder if we’d ever get a face reveal?
Trfnden
ww
What type of cream?
Does anyone else think he sounds like Ryan from the office
great
Yo' channel is a muthafukkin HIT!
I love this video.
im an instant subscriber. I cant wait to see what else youve got here.
Well done!
Outro song brought to you by the Rolling Scones.
Honestly, I had such an enjoyable time watching this, I thought it was going to be silly and non informative but it actually remained educational, great job!!
I am so friggin excited I haven’t even seen it yet! I love your videos!!
Who knew cooking could be so depressing
I’ve watched soo many cooking channel and i’m glad i found this
omg love this
I cant help but feel that he puts more effort into the ending songs than the videos themselves...
God hes so great
croiscone
I’m glad to see u trending
Ha! I just cut them on the parchment paper! Guess I proved my superiority
This is wholesome.
why didn’t this come up in my sub box but instead as #4 on trending?
I need this show daily. Can you stop having a life so you can devote all of your waking energy to us??
scones!
Interesting Ireland fact, I never knew why I could only have potato for everything
Lol
Which music cooks your food the fastest and does hard music make your food softer or harder?
Anybody else think the ice cream scone sort of looks like The Cheat?
Now you wanna exercise.......some restraint 
* a sigh of relief fills the room*
Respect to all SCONERS ✊
You sound like Tina Belcher
You should've also have made utah Scones.
I expected the shapes at the end to form loss.jpg
Now I'm craving scones, one time I made orange cranberry scones and they were the bomb/ delicious
17 shekels? thats alot, like enough for 17 pitas or something
You are adorable & awesome.🏆
Nigga
I've never tried a scone 😣
CRISPY
LOL
😂 😂
Golden
Whatta turn scone
Why is this so funny
Dem mfs look good
i don’t know why I am watching this, but i like it
What accent is this?
why is this trending
1 million subs

#4 on treading
I feel great joy every time is see a new video because it just gives me proof that I suck at cooking :)
I love this show. Wonderful funny stuff. Looking forward to more ;)
I am a such a bad cook, but every time I watch one of these episodes I think that I could do it. Thanks for inspiring me to suck at cooking dude. <3
How many times did you roll that rock? Like... holy shit.
Trending boi good job
How many scones must I sacrifice for a face reveal.
I eat rocks for breakfast
#4 on trending 🤧💖 👁👄👁
I love your videos, your so funny i love it
Mmm.. Whoopity Scoopity
Mmm.. Whoopity Scoopity
Mmm.. Whoopity Scoopity
A scuffin!? Stop being cute, stop it.
Looks yummy
Disliked, instructions unclear. Added too much pepper pepper pepper.
Why is batsman making pies now ?
Is it just the nerd in me, or did he whistle the Final Fantasy victoy theme?
Americans don't make scones, we make biscuits.
Merican scone
4TH ON TRENDING
IM SO PROUD
Cheeky shoutout to FoodBusker! Loved it
Has anyone else tried harmonizing with the intro song?
Somewhere along the way, this turned from a parody of cooking shows into a proper cooking show with a tongue-in-cheek tone. I'm not sure where the change happened, but I like it.
a rolling scone gathers no moss
英语说得很好
Instead of undos on four Hundos, you should say hundos on door fundos
The only meme on trending
TRENDING
Those Scones look DELISH!
Alternative for Blueberries???
It is rare to find here in my Country. 😢
Wow you have so many subs now I remember thousands
#4 on trending
Does he sound different.
U always sucked at cooking, now that u know the truth, goodbye
Murican
How TF is this trending
Scones are like British people, boring
Really? Why do people allways pronounce it wrong as scone? Its called stones. Also, i find them by  the road. People throw away stone crumbles on the side of the road. Try some.
How much water do you put?
This episode was such a masterpiece. Thank you YSAC
Intro is pure gold.  It's a dry heat.
this guy sounds like tina belcher
I'm Scottish and American, I could literally end this war if I wanted
YOU ARE MY SOULMATE
Run my Little Rock dude friend!!!
Roll away your scone, I’ll roll away mine.
anyone know how he does the shots with the rolling scones at the end?
hey americans,i'm from brazil,and i need your help


help me form a sentence with these words

@michael
known
with
also
as
cassie
this
girl
i
matched
named
My boys trending
Where’s the lemon flavor coming from tho
I made 3 batches of scones and one of them came out really well thank you for the recipies
Hobo Johnson likes this.
quissant
It's pronounced Scone. Amirite lads?
You want to use chilled butter because it prevents steam from escaping so you get a flaky product with air pockets. The difference between pastry doughs, to name a few, is the ratio of liquid to dry ingredients you use, the method you incorporate fat (flaky vs tender) and method you use to get the dough to rise (yeast vs steam vs a chemical leavener).
This video is beautiful!
Yo how did this get 4th on trending
I decided to search "pastries illegal in ireland" just for fun and ended up learning a lot about babies being stolen from Irish mothers for adoptive parents. Not so fun.
i was in target, and a google commercial on the tvs in the electronic section played one of your videos for a bit??? or someone stole your cutting board. one or the other
Title of video should’ve been “The Rolling Scones”
Trending???! Bro you're awesome! Congrats!
Anyone hyped for season 5?
Cutco knives 👌🏻
Actually its pronounced scone.
That ending was majestic
Am I the only one blown away at the rolling scones? Seriously. 🤯
You are a gem. Love, love, love.
Yay! Someone who can teach me. Show me thy ways 🙏
If we all kneaded our dough with common decency...the world would be a better place.
youre back bae
How to basic
i love u
Was that loss?
Thats looks delicious, now I’m gonna go eat the dirt I call desert in my kitchen toodles.
I came here to learn how to make scones and little did I know I was in for so much more. How entertaining!
What happened to your eggisodes?
180720
Can the song be found on iTunes?
Great Video!
Holy shit, THANK YOU for having such clear and accurate Closed Captioning!!
I love your videos. Thank You. Looks like you spent allot of time baking for this one
you should be a guest judge (or contestant whatevs) on nailed it
W A N G J A N G L E
how can the stones keep running on forever? xD
Also, loved the character-break; "pff, I did these as a joke but it actually works perfectly". xD
Finally another vid, thank you!
thank you for captions!
Loved it.  And if I get some cream & a lemon I might actually try it.
do Critical's podcast please
Make more vids
The blantons bottle disappears in the beginning. That's some pretty allocated bourbon.
😁
#5 on TREMDING
At least someone told you the truth - you're welcome - good bye
Lol “Wang jangle”
I have kidney scones
Everyone knows this is you jacksfilms
was the Peter knife hands a joke of Edward scissorhands?
This comment was not sponsored by Panera Bread.
Your camera work at the end is really really impressive. I always appreciate the humor, but letmetellya, it finally clicked how solid the filmography is. Kudos to you.
"you're wasting your life on the internet"

Hey, there's no need to make it personal.
lol bro u r hilarious I'm subscribing
Sconut killed me
So you're saying nobody actually knows what a scone is
sconuts go best with toffee
Where is pimblockto. I want answers
Lol as I thought this was legit
U can pronounce it how u want but damn they are good with cream mmmmmmmmmmm Scottish scone
I say scone 😄
Inspiring
Rolling scones gather no... jam...
Yes
what the is this london
DADDY RETURNED
How the heck is this trending!
I can’t even make ramen
😮😮😮👌👌👌
Maybe I do suck at cooking
bangla.sanama
How can you make things roll so much and look so freaguin kewl?!?! 
You just roll with it I guess. Thanks for bringing back the sparckle to your videos. Love it!
Hard-Soft-Muffin-Donut-Breakfast-Biscuits is such a  great description of a scone
Ok this guy cracks me up😂
Im jealous that you live in the most naturey place on the planet
Is this the Casually Explained guy?!
doesn't this guy sound some what like EVERYONE from bobs burgers.
Are you on patreon or something so I can contribute?
Pastries ARE illegal here, it’s true 🌈💚🇮🇪
chilling them in the freezer helps the gluten do gluten things
This is only the best food channel
I am not wasting my time watching this on the internet
Love it!!!
You need to make a cooking cd or cassette of your songs that apply to cooking. I was jamming out to the campfire perogy song while making 3578653 perogies.
I'm sorry, a stick of butter?
You remind me of Dwight Schrute from The Office
Wtf
scone is pronounced so that it rhymes with ‘phone’ as it has an ‘e’, if it was ‘scon’ then why tf would there be an ‘e’.
Americans call them biscuits
Dislike and unsub because the song at the end didn't include any dogs.
No I don't.
That outro was the nicest thing anyone has said to me in years
He always sounds like has either tired or being sarcastic
I tried the slow cooker. 5 years and 4 months to go. I’m so excited!
potatoes aren't tasteless! they just, they, yeah you're right.
Why aren't any of this videos monetized?!
He sure deserves to be paid for this.
What's the best thing about potatoes?
This video is s***







oh come on, i meant superb
Instructions unclear, i made a huge famine crisis
Oh hey, it's me
I just all of a sudden got really hungry
“By the time your kid is in first grade, you’ll have a nice delicious meal ready”
Help me I've been binge watching these videos all day
This has to be the sexiest voice and hands combo ever.
It sounds like Deadpool cooking!!😂
Can someone tell me how to reach this guy? I’m gonna sue him for wearing out my adrenals from too much laughter😂.  This channel should come with a health warning ⚠️
It’s the potato 🥔 abyss
Wait you actually taught how to make a real dish? I am impressed.
YSAC: patatos 
hears bagpipes in the distance
~5 SECONDS LATER~
Irish people: POTATOES!
How long does it take for aqua  baking
Never cooked anything beyond popcorn. Ima make these.
I made these for my family twice already. Big hit! Everyone loved them, even without the sour cream on top.
You are howtobasic but more normal-lized
I made these and my family really liked them. Thanks for making me feel useful.
heck these actually look amazing
Look the thumbnail looked so good 10 pm me cried
Set it to 6 years 😂😂😂😂. I'm dead
that was pretty funny but more important...full of facts about food and history...very informative!
He didn’t say you suck at cooking at the end


wait that’s illegal
Well you swallow at cooking
all jokes aside, i've made this so many times. my favorite baked potato recipe. : )
It's been six years, and it isn't cooked... Because it wasn't plugged in.
Cheddar is bad for you.





Like really bad
These potatoes look foodstuffing good!
Wow, when you're looking for a recipe and you end up finding a quality channel.
Instructions unclear, committed tax fraud 
Ended up gay
With 3 sharks (wait no scratch that) with 3 shreks (there we go)
How do you think I feel about this video?
Many archaeologists, botanists, and food historians believe onions originated in central Asia. Other research suggests onions were first grown in Iran and West Pakistan. It is presumed our predecessors discovered and started eating wild onions very early – long before farming or even writing was invented.
I'm offended that he has the same sense of humor as me. Who are you and why are you me?
I feel so bad for you.  We Irish have evolved the capacity to taste potatoes, and they are delicious.
my headphones got slightly pulled out so i thought this entire episode was just silent with background muttering. very creepy, but it kind of works
The best damn cooking tutorial ever 😂❤️
A Q U A B A K E M E D A D
Sounds Canadian.
You just like saying YSAC, don’t you?
3:08
What does this remind you of?
Me: a very chunky yeast infection?
I set the slow cooker for 6 years but it's still not good... Do I keep it in for another 6 years?

Edit: ..idk how to cook
"Yo those baked potatoes are LOADED"
Dude thank you for Makin me laugh out lout. Long time haven't seen one your videos. Your imagination for comments is always on point. As always good editing and sound. Keep it up
sometimes i wonder just how hard these videos are to film, especially with all the quick cuts, gags and editing tricks involved
I was talking to my 65 year old dad about YSAC.  Hey this is millennial humor.  He was not amused.
I'll just follow the instructions in the description...You know the whole pizza part.
Just a nice friendly heads up that you DO NOT watch documentaries about head worms. Yhhhhhhh
Word of advice yall: 45 minutes isn't enough. Try like 55 minutes to an hour, onions on four hundo too. Or, try onions on four fundo.
You're like how to basic with commentary
UHMMMMM.. INDIANS discovered the number '0'.....
the slow baking is so true😭
When the potato exploded there was an ambulance sound effect. Haha. Wait.. is it supposed to go this long? 


pauses video 





me: 
“What does this remind you of?”
Me!
“Nothing.”
Oh...
Any chance we can see you making something with lentils? 

Cheers
I imagine that YSAC got all the ideas for this video when he was making the April Fool's video (which must have been frustrating).  Now, it's great to see that he's passed all this fun on to us.  Thanks, YSAC!!!
roflol.... are you on call for local barby queing parties?
"On-call magician, comedian AND Wonder chef!"

(all content trademarked)
*t's & c's apply

(p.s. - thanks for a good laugh and a cooking lesson)
How DARE you say potatoes 🥔 are FLAVOURLESS
Now what does this remind you of?
It reminds you of N O T H I N G
The narration is my kind of homur 1000% 

HipsterMusicUnlimited on SoundCloud
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 that can happen with hotdogs to!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I love the taste of normal POTATO.
"If all this sounds like too much, just sprinkle some salt on a potato and order a pizza"
Bro your not that bad at cooking it's looks good to me lol
This is so hilarious! What program did you use for editing the films?
If it resonates, congratulations, you have a tuning fork.
OMG! The only thing you could have done to make it better is drizzle some bacon grease over the top....SUBBED
A 6 year slow bake?!?! Ridiculous.
I ALWAYS opt to cooking mine for about two and a half millennia, it really brings out the flavour.
Thank you for throwing us long time fans a few bones in this episode 😹 you make my day every time you upload
Love you man! You are 😂 hilariously funny.
Your one of the reasons I get up in the morning. I love you man
Audible...

sigh Well, that's this series of videos ruined.
Thanks for the compliment at the end.
I made the bacon ones yesterday and they were so damn good!
Lol.
I love whatever I just watched and laughed a lot so I'm about to hit subscribe button . Yay
2:10 I only just realised the vice-gripped fork on the right 😂
"Any other book you want"
>Amy schumer
>Want
Hecking Magnificifent Foodstuffs :/
D E M O N O T I S E D
The tuning fork really got me!
This actually made me laugh. Good job.
Never stop fooling around.
no end song whAT
SH** load of effort in this vid. Thank you bro. Hilarious
A squeakwel to an April fool's well
ellen and amy at the end there though 😬 loved everything else
picked up Born Standing Up at a thrift store abt 5-6 years ago, it was a great investment (I probably only paid a dollar for it)
This cooking video was one of the best I've seen. Love your humour! Made me laugh a lot and want to cook a lil' bit
I knew u were good at cooking but not that GOOD i meen like dammmmmm tho u like Gordon Ramsay times like a billion times better
Oh my christ. For some reason even when subscribed your videos weren't coming up for me but my sides are splitting I forgot how good these episodes were
This is one of the funniest videos I have seen in my life amazing job
I was scrolling through trending and saw this, thanks now in hungry I'm the middle of the night
i literally laughed out loud multiple times watching this 😂😂😂
This channel is like if Casually Explained made food 😂
wait, you actually just made something edible. Did I die?
Subbed! (The video is funnier on 2x speed).
I don't know, this seems like a pretty loaded topic

You handled it well though
Fuking heck that actually looks really fricking good
Greeks didnt even make the 0 symbol
:D
THIS ONE IS THE FUNNIEST ONE YET.
This is an insult to Ireland 😂😂
How is pemblockto?
4:28 - 4:32




There are four potatoes on the table, yet seven in the box....
4+7=11
And the box comes with 12


WHERES THE OTHER POTATO
This video is loaded B%!#  S#*%&
oh cmon...



add  BS in comments
That is a beautiful book ❤️.
6 yr.s. now that's s l l o we.
Stab soothing balm. Ha!
Actually, the Mayans discovered the concept of zero. Fucker.
Best F**** tutorial ever. 👍
“Slowly and patiently wait for episode 100”
that guy is basically HowToBasic but a lot more useful and I wish you actually do a face reveal
Im still not sure I can forgive you for the last potato episode.  You hurt me and I don't think I can trust you like I did.
Wow, 400 degrees Celsius is very hot... That's an impressive onion.
These look honestly amazing. Gonna be making them!
Idk why I'm here but I'm here and I'm not disappointed.
Once you start watching you can’t stop....





Help me...
Yeah I have a dad





D-please
A-come
D-back
Aqua Baking is now a thing. 
It's too late. 
It can't be undone.
Dude your videos got me through the most painful 2 week hospital stay recently and just wanted to say thanks. Keep doing what your doing man. You're freaking rad
hello. i am a buiteful asian woman looking for small men
Man you punched that shadow crotch hard. Was it worth it for the potato? The pain you caused?
wow, the way it looked at first, looked like a more vvvoiced howtobasic... but to my suprise it was more legit, but in a still hilarious way XD!
They had to invent zero to describe the amount of flavor-
2:46
Day 26 of Nonutnovember..

I got turned on by a potatoe..
your vid is awsome dude
Is this HowToBasic long lost brother?
I LOVE YOUR EDITS
I love this channel this is hilarious
I’ve just watched all of your ysac episodes
I love you YSAC let me show you (not yucky way at all, did not mean that, my b)
I don't know what i just witnessed, but I've never subscribed faster in my life.
He sounds like Sam' O nella
does the potato says "IDI NAHUI" when u stab it with fork?

oh wait, wrong channel
Is there an album of YSAC songs on spotify? Or somewhere else
I just made these...
Best things I’ve ever eaten.
Howbdoes this guy say everything without 😂  laughing
'We're gonna shovel. Okay that's ridiculous.'
My thoughts : he'll use a spoon like any normal person
Nope, he uses an even bigger one
The dish is called Kumpir. It's Turkish :D
You should do more stuff like these potatoes! They are amazing and I wish you tackled some more real foods loke them! Also I love your videos!
to be honest, this is super entertaining! i was expecting cringy jokes etc but nah. u earned a new sub!
4 free tickets to the gravaton
Wait, your potatoes don't talk?
Mine even talks to my cat
Dude you're hilarious lmao subscribed!
Potatoes have feelings too you know.  Poor Potatoes, Mmmmm delish!
I was listening to the fantom regiment 1989 show and this started blaring in my ears
I love your personality😂❤️
Very funny :P Really like the amount of cheese you're using though -- definitely doing it right! Thanks for sharing - Averill from Cabot
This is one the funniest channels out there
This is the first video I've seen of you and You just MindFucked M E
I can’t tell if this guy is accually showing us how to cook or he’s playing us
What have you done to jacksepticeye's family--
Best
Cooking
Channel
EVER! Greetings from LITHUANIA
How about the deep fry baking method? Does it work?
Is this in Fahrenheit or.....





not good with cooking
Came for a recipe subscribed for the contect.
instant fan of this channel
That slowcooker joke killed me :D Love the video! Greetings from switzerland.
Heck yeah more asmr
Lmaooooo omg 2 minutes In and I can not stop laughing
You sound like Bob from Bob's burgers 😭
Your intro is 🤣
Do you deliver? 
I'll tip the driver VERY well.
Baked potatoes are great when you put so many different things in them so you can no longer taste them
😂🤣😅😂🤣
The return of pepper pepper pepper- our YSAC is finally back!!!!
BAKED POTATO
MOUNTED AND LOADED
Can we just appreciate how unexpectedly funny this whole thing has been
Way tastier than the April fool's potato!
So happy you aren't a cuss bunny;) but love the censor addition👍
This is utter non sense and I love it. XD
You should do an episode of this, but ASMR...
This is the FUNNIEST Cannel I've EVER SEEN!!
These videos are satisfyingly.
Audible. If it exists, well sponsor it
That zero thing was pretty accurate
When you really do suck at cooking so you don't know if he's giving real instructions or being sarcastic
I feel like that paper potato 'egg box' took at least a month to lovingly craft by hand
Actually it was the group to Empire than Invented the concept of 0
the effort you put into the sound effects and editing is amazing
Informative and hilarious.
How am I just discovering this
That ground punch was awesome....
Why is this video hilarious? I did not expect that.
Do you seriously bake at 40-45 mins in the oven??
There's no true instructions at with most episodes, but I feel as if understood this perfectly
What do mean potatoes can't talk?
I have hours long conversations with them in order to determine how they what to be cooked.
They sure love talking about butter
And only butter.
Phlebotomists at donation drives told me in the past that I had, "nice veins" (arteries, but whatever don't judge them).  If I had swole blood ducts like yours I'd just donate all of it, maybe die with a tasty burg in my mouf.
0:07 that’s basically how Minecraft works
That link had "mysac in the title of the link. That was hilarious at the end there. Not my sac but mysac in the code that you put never mind I am so lost on where I was going with this sentence.
I love the edit!!! It's so beautiful.
My oven doesn't have a see=through feature, thus I can not utilize my great observation skills and intuition to its full potential. :(
you are key razzyyyy!!!!  dude
This dude funny as hell! When did David Blaine start cooking?
Don’t worry, nobody knew that you used a high-tech timer instead of a potometer
HIS CREATIVITY HAS NO BOUNDS
Who clicked from trending and found a gem of YouTube?
LOVE IT!!!   LEARN AND LAUGH AT THE SAME TIME...…..GREAT!
I NEED MORE UPLOADS😩😭
Salt is also known as ocean seasoning
Uhhhh... this might be one of the best things I have ever seen. I was having a really crappy day and now I am not. I'm very hungry now, but laughing too hard to care.
Does anyone else just love how the title literally EXPOSES you?😂
I see he's pants in the microwave reflection danm he's probably very handsome
POTATOES IN EGG CARTONS?
you sound 420% Higher Then Your 10th Video
I love these videos. This is something between How To Basic and Gordon Ramsey
1:41 1:52 when mom says don’t play with your food
You'll make a great teacher one day
don't worry i play minecraft
You can see his reflection in the ipad at 4:43!
Your videos are hilarious.. 😂👍
I love him so much lmaooo 😂😭😭😭
r/woooosh to all of the 1.3k ppl who disliked
I love listening to you so much, I think you should narrate an audiobook.
Why do I feel like you are actually a Professional Chef?
why is his intro like your daily dose of internet?
I’ve been craving this BUT MY ROOMMATE ONLY BUYS S W E E T POTATOES.
I love how this is funny but he actually teaches you how to cook this makes cooking tutorials so much more fun
P E P P E R 
P E P P E R 
P E P P E R
ur voice p ut me 2 sleep
This is the funniest f#%$&+@ S@%#&$ (flavored stuffings) I have ever seen. The egg in a hole got me with the easy and informative for non idiots. I'm still laughing.. I subscribed.
Btw pro baller , good arm.  Keep up the funny.
Dood. Those are bad ass magnificent foodstuffs.
me; dude i be this isnt funny late ahah
The potato zero theory actually makes sense... I hate you now
Top quality content 👌
Wow, intro should've gotten you a wife
I just discovered this awesome channel and now I am binge watching all of these videos
Subtle middle finger is subtle
I went to sleep last night thinking about this show and how I couldn't wait for the next one. Then this appeared in the morning!! Thank you good sir for quite literally making dreams come true.
How have i never come across this channel before
Its remaind u of "nothing"😅😅
trending. Good job ysuc!
Oven
Names!
Onion 
Ondo
Oven
Ondo on forhundo
Steamer
Quality Content In This Channel.
That's not a micro-bake oven. It's a laser beam box.
holy hek you cant even see the transition from dinner forck to tuning fork. goood job
This was one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten.
Somehow I opened YouTube and saw this posted 14 seconds ago. I'm so proud of myself
I would eat this in a heart beat, you are actually making good looking food wile still keeping it all fun
I made this, it was super good. 


Now I have too much. My stomach hurts but my mouth wont stop.
Help me.
Devontry farms isn’t that a organic farm in England 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Those are some delicious looking "Magnificient Foodstuffs" but I'm still stuck on staring into the flavorless abyss.
I laughed too hard at "if you encounter resistance " w the army man. 🤣🤣🤣
best narration of culinary art in my life....!!!
Hmmm....Full price on Born Standing up?  Someone's not an audible member :)
“Congratulations you own a tuning fork “😂
This was made to make up for April Fool's Day.
The work that went into that onion explosion is impressive, thank you.
"How to make something healthy and tasty and make it a 2500 calorie nightmare for your heart."
when you think you know YouTube... This channel is a gem!
Wow these really are some Magnificent Foodstuff!
You are the greatest philosopher evarrr...Homer would bow b4 thee.
His voice and his hands are sooo attractive 💕
Awesome, you are my new favorite channel
Thank you recommended list
i love how he puts so much effort in his vids! such a hard worker..
Most entertaining video ever...epic cook vlog
i firmly believe that you, sam o' nella and casually explained live in an apartment together
Most entertaining video ever...epic cook vlog
Hshahahahhahahahahahahah love you ❤️
Wang jangle lmao!
Some of the best editing on youtube
USE THE POTATO SKIN AS A BOWL
My fav soo far!
This video teaches me more then school.
Why does he say onion for the oven
This guy and howtobasic need to collab
Zero was invented in India 😏
I think it was the mayans who invented the 0...I don't know I failed history
You should make a ramen+ video where you should how to make ramen with extra ingredients to make it taste better (but also cheap cause college)
I DONTB HAV3 POTATKS RIGHT NOE SEND HELP IM CRYIMF
I can feel my arteries clogging.
What a happy discovery. Didn't know I needed this in my life.
First time watching and im dying! Lovvvvveee it
Not gonna lie that looks really good😇😢😢so beautiful
I had no idea that the onion was discovered in Bancroft, Kentucky. Neither did Wikipedia! Now both do
Love your video! New subscriber
Soooooo good 🤤🤤🤤
This reminded me that potatoes are not only viable food sources, but also natural batteries, and many other things for some reason.
I dont have a Oven ... is a Microwave set to 150 Whats fine too?
Potatos came to Greece somewhere around 1800
Why am I just finding this now???!!!! It’s amazing!!
I tried making your baked carrots(those turned out amazing) I know what i'm trying next.
Onion looked really clean-
Wahahahaha... love love love your concept... genius... freaking funny...
I want the vegan version😎
liked, subbed, hit the bell
I just realized he sounds like @theodd1sout
You're amazing
Demonitized cause of those swearing jokes
Tuning fork 😂
NO I DON'T!
Never clicked a video so fast before.
This video aint no clickbait
we call that kumpir but thank you
Ok, at like 3:20 I'm going to have to fight you potatoes are the best thing since multicellular life
I wish you were my home econs teacher
Damn finally another one <3 was worth the wait tho
funny bro, made me smile...
I love you
I have watched many of your videos...and you sir really know how to live off the land.
Ive never seen potatos in a carton is that real?
I alwayd get mine in burlap or netted bag
I'm always happy and genuinely surprised when you get sponsored
WHERES DO YOU GET THE TINY PROPS?
Seriously laughed out loud at the mircobaking results!
Man, I don't want to critizize you or anything because I didn't really wanted to watch your video in the first place since I knew It would be over at some point and that would make me sad. I really liked it, but I looked so forward to a patato song  :(
You are funny 😁
Can you bake it by sacrificing it to satan?
Baking Baking 🤣🤣🤣
Superb video editing and effects
I still can't get over the April fools. the scars haven't healed.
i tried cooking it, pretty good though
Well, I don't know if I should be happy because of the new video or  sad because I am really missing the song at the end. I am writing this with tears in my eyes, I don't mind the ad. But damn that the song wasn't there really hit me. The worst is that I nobody can change it, the video is up and there will always be at least one ysac episode without the song! I can't take it anymore it's destroying me. 

Farewell cruel world
Instructions not clear enough how do I unorder craigslist hooker?
What episode did he do a face reveal?
5:12 ew
This is one of your best videos.
As a student...these videos are a life saver
These videos are so great. Everything always taste great, and yes I really do suck at cooking!
zero is invented by Indians not greeks
THATS ALOT OF DAMAGE
You forget to say what kind of potato — Idaho baking 😁
The suckery don't come on that one
0:00-0:10. Minecraft just got an update????
its summer is Pimblokto thawed out yet
Merry Christmas, dude!
How to do basic is SHOOK!
The Mayans made up the number zero
I low key did this and..... holy food, it’s so gewd
Micro baking 😂😂
I saw the book of mythicality there for a second.  Also this is one of the only channels I can think of that I actually bother to stay for sponsors lol
This looks hella good.
Robby sent me!
THE BOOK OF MYTHICALITY!!!!
Baking baking....🤣🤣
Wang jangle those things in there 😂😂😂😂
Was coming here for actual advice, was not disappointed.
I was doing good until I encountered a resistance. I dont know what i would do without you
My mom approves
we are now all toddlers. We need our books read to us.
I am making this for dinner tonight thank you for the recipe


Update I decided to make the bacon loaded potato and not the not the cumin one but my mom dad sister and Me loved them.
is the potomiter just a old phone with a timer???
Is anything corrct in this? 😂
It looks so good!
This guy is the bill wurtz of cooking
Best thing about potatoes: pulpo a la gallega. 😊👨‍🍳
0 came from the Arabic numeral system
This guy is a genius
This is great!! My sides are hurting from laughter
i swear thats 3 forks
Except the greeks never invented the 0
The 'whatever the heck', 'magnificent foodstuffs' and 'this stuff' moments got me. I actually heard the bad versions through the sensors! Crazy!
I love you ❤️
😂😂😂 I love u 🤦🏽‍♀️
looks up how to bake a potato this looks good*watches*questions everything I know
I liked the part with the cooking and the potato.
rest in peace, my fallen brothers.
It’s like listening to chills but cooking 🤯🤭
Dude sounds like binging with babish?
WE NEED A EGG EPISODE
definitely subscribing to this channel.
You are one creative mofo !!
Chinki you will be a murderous stand up
28
Edit: going to try baked potatoes with broccoli now
You should change your intro to: HI A TUSSSSSSSSSS
That zero bit was in point 😂😂😂
happy new year
could you do a watermelon episode? <3
how long did it take for you to make that potato carton
Where can I order "potameter"?
I’ve been surviving off of watching you
Potatoes are air proof 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Holy god please make me food
No matter what you are always in trending
This episode actually ended with edible food. What happened to this channel?
Except the Greeks didn’t invent zero 😂
Wait why did your micro go from 100 to 59?!
Just found this channel in my youtube suggestions, its great. just one question, Have you considered grilling? I mean grilled meats and veggies are great :D
Loaded with no sour cream.
So much cheddar Tasty already working on copystriking.
This is the most brilliant channel on this planet
#16 in trending!
Your good at trending yeah you totally trend kill me pls
I have no idea why but I'm really craving the egg plot line.
Those are some very magnificent foodstuffs
LOL! 👏 Every fiber of my being is telling me to subscribe.
The Greeks discovered the potato....hmm not ethnocentric at all. I thought my Peruvian bros Discovered them.
mmhmm yes I have been waiting for a new video so I can make my self some yum yum dindin
i think i need to recalibrate my potometer...keep finding carrots
Yum factor~~infinity 😍
Am I able to actually follow the ingredients and make one? 😂
Lol!!!!!! Loved It.....And, I Married Ur Channel.
Thought a new series was coming when I heard the music as your potatoes were about to say goodbye. Then got reality slapped lol
Has Pimblokto thawed out yet? I miss him...
This dude needs to do ASMR
I found this channel yesterday. Now i am happy.
i want to see a robot
this video took soo long i was soo hungry until now.... thanks for saving my life once again
these look so good tho
I have the same oven as he has in the video
The explosion got me
Hahahahah LOVE the sarcasm
[insert comment about there being more likes than views here]
I thought you started making actual recipes from the thumbnail but nope still the good old recipes that don't make sense
I love how the food always comes out amazing
Fun Fact: 0 was invented in India!
LOL! Aqua Teen Hunger Force Crazy! LOL!
I’m always hoping for a funny outtro song
You and Gordon Ramsey should do a Collab!
I kinda wanna see Gordon Ramsay react to one of your videos
"Aqua baking" 😂
Are you Jon Benjamin from Bob's Burgers?
I like ground hearts they are the fastest vegetables ever
(Also I love how this is secretly teaching you how to cook
I need to stop watching these videos before bed, I keep having dreams about food and I wake up wanting to eat stuff that doesn’t exist
Please do a face reveal
This looks bomb. I am hungry!
Unlike most cooking videos I can actually make it with the ingredients I can afford.
Daddy you made my night!!!! from the Philippines.
2:09
The editing is just top notch
You are a god I wish to worship through the theoretical time matrix of the astral plane by order of an absolution of all the organs in my body. Also, hi.
Y Sac At Cooking (YSAC)




Illuminati confirmed
I like your explanation... funny
This is like nigahiga with actual informational cooking
Very nice tuturiol, very professional and creative!!!
2:35 cracked me uppp
My potato resistance is strong send back up
What was the book with the pig on the cover, you know the one with the terrible stand-up
Aqua baking 🤣
That's a real cooking
Who dislikes this
Like really
YES
Now I want a baked potato... also, we have the same microwave, I love that microwave <3
Do chips or.... Something next
this channel is a gold mine
Why does his microwave have legs smh
Dang. Finally. A good recipe for me to learn how to be good at nothing. I'm tired to be a successful person who good at everything in life. Thanks for sharing this.
I love how in the description he puts the actual things he says
Ysac Mysac AllTheSacs!!
I had to stop on micro baking and water baking. Microwaving and boiling.
Zero was discovered in India.
Smh Aqua baking is useless
I'm a simple man. Heat the potato, open it up, add garlic butter.
this man has long fingers... which can only mean two things
Was that thing about the shape of zero and why it was invented true? Because I’m shook.
You could post 10 videos a day and i would watch every one. So great!
BeGinNeRs LuCk :')
I like undo-pants
He liiiiiiives!!!!!!!
Did doggo died?
No doggo music
I'm assuming a Stanley Kubrick-level of takes was necessary to get the potato to land perfectly on the tines of the fork and not have it's weight overwhelm your grip
you lost me at bacon. Would help if you included directions for making bacon too smh.
2:37 If you stab potato and you hear IDI NAHUI, then potato is not ready. 

Only Life of Boris fans will understand this one.
took the long scenic route...
He sounds like imaginary ambition
The best cooking channel! So funny everytime! New terminology like aqua baking makes me happy 🤗 So much new potato knowledge 😂💚
Just a random reminder he’s NOT JOKING about the fork holes
This guy voice is just breath taking ahahha
Had me at 400 hunndo
He put the hando on fourhando
Is this a how to basic clone but where he makes actual food?
Best. AD. EVER
#18 in trending nice
At this point I wouldn’t be surprised if he ended up being Gordon Ramsay this whole time.
Please don't leave us.
It's actually my birthday today! And this feel like a birthday present to me. I love this video.
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
His voice remind me of binging with babish.
This is the shitpost of cooking.
but i thought 0 was an Arabic  numeral
That outro cured my depression
I’m healthy because I eat potatoes which is a vegetable and fry it in vegetable oil IM SO HEALTHY
This is hilarious lol
Lmaooooooooooo this was awesome
That is a weird kumpir
Answered my loaded question
i love how this teaches me to cook and still be funny and the music is nice too
Why do i watch this i don t cook
My ground punching game is strong
Bruh 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yay! He has return!
Lets go sew his amazon shopping history.. well it looks like he has a thing for "miniature shovel set" lllelelelele
They say it hurts less if you hold your breath
0 was invented in India
The potato tutorial we DESERVE
I only aqua bake my noodles
then why is laes 99% air
I can’t believe I never watched your videos until now...
Getting a bill nye vibe.
So if potatoes are water AND air proof, does that mean we can build another ISS out of potatoes? Or make boats with potatoes. OR UMBRELLAS!! THE POSSIBILITIES ARE ENDLESS!!!!!!!
Best way to describe olive oil, wait I said it wrong...
Can you actually cook?
Has Pimblokto thawed out yet?!?!?
Dinner is served
LETS PUT SOME PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
I need a face reveal you sound hot
Wow. This shit is AWESOME! My kind of humor 🤣
Zero was invented in India lol
This was fstteni g 4 u Melvin. All that carb and the fst in the sour cream n cheese. Use greek yogurt.And neVer eat russets if u want to keep your wt. Down Stick to small reds n gold's . Russets and rice and pancakes are the devil.
U test a po by squeezing it.
Why no talking po's? I daw the talking cherry tom yesterday on the nachos.. He was so cuute singing your silly theme song!
YSAC I MISS YOU
I'm 100%sure that he's Babish's secret brother.
I want your tiny shovel spoon.
This generation's Epic Mealtime.  You're doing God's work laddie.
This actually looks good
best video to test my new headset !

lovely voice :3
If you watch enough of these you can actually be a great cook
I love this guy
Bimblockto!
This looks so good
Bancroft Kentucky wasn't a place until the 1970's. This show takes place in an alternate timeline CONFIRMED.
Polish delicacy ! love it!
greeks didn't invent 0 tho
how2basic 2.0 that talks and cooks stupidly just like how2basic (edit:misspelled how2basic)
Way too many toppings.
marry me
I am loving this....  "baking baking"
make stroopwafels plz (im from netherlands)
Just ran across this video on the trending videos! If all your other videos are as good as this one I'm subscribing!  You made me smile today and a little bit hungry. lol Thank you.
This was beautiful
The compliment at the end. I’d been waiting my whole life for someone to tell me that :’ )
Lol thanks man
0 was discovered in india
Sub to this. Guy
Lol remember the moment U got 50k followers, now 1.2 mil... Lol
That tata looks old af💯
😂
Y do I watch this???
Not gonna lie. They look good
young nudy killed this track
That looks very good, but it think is not really delicious
😅😂👏😆
Great content as always!
I live for him saying pepper pepper pepper
Legend says if you are early the potato gods will visit you
vegetable bouillon bro you need to calm tf down
wangjangle
I was having a really bad day and u came up on recommendations..i click on this...u put an absolute smile on my face....this was hilarious.....new sub here....binge 👀. ...
Omg I’m subscribing NOW! 😂😂😂❤️
Fab 💕 (and you actually might get me to try Audible)
I wonder if you cook for your roommates. If you do, they must love you.
LOADED ASF
What if I am 60 years old what option I put on the slow cooker
Best yet
You never failed to surprise me
I was going to give you a like but then you sold out
looks

tasty
U cookn skyll gots bettee ebri vidioo
Never could this video be better  timed I’m trying to make eggs left them for a moment and they merged to make THE MOTHER EGG
And I’m not exactly sure how
You're a bi** person
How did you make the broccoli
Another one
Another one
Another one
Another one
These Videos are so lol
I wish I could wangjangle like you can :)
I always loved baked potatoes, even though I only tasted them from a ski camp. All they put on it was sour cream, and I loved them. I wanna try these so much
Best one ever. Lol...
1:55-2:00 is funny well the whole videos is
I made coconut macaroons, but I forgot to take pics. Before now I was too embarrassed to admit it, but I want to do another of your recipes. This time I will take pics.
This is where the number 0 comes from? I´m learning so much on this channel!
Are you regular car reviews
ovos on fourhundo
Well done...
Should be a spudfinder...not a potameter...
YSAC to fivehundoofivehundoo yo!
45:19:24 when the timer stopped
This channel is like the HowToBasic of cooking
Amazing 😊😄😊😄
2:02  I love Skyrim
Second comment I live this show
This is the first thing that you have made that I would eat lol
Bring pinplocto back plz
Where the heck was this video last month when I actually needed it.
Is it bad 
That I want to eat it?
It's about damn time! I've been eating nothing but macaroons for weeks.
Wow perlite in your topsoil.  Nice
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Accidentally clicked on this. Did not regret it
This is great! 😂😂😂
I LOVE YOU YSAC
I love you and your channel
WHATCH OUT THAT POTATOES LOADED
HowToBasic is quaking
continue the egg things
When you opened the oven I felt the hot air
YSAC? YNAUT!
This is highly entertaining
YO... STEP THE *& UP... YOU GON DIS MY MOH F******* POTATO STEP THE ** UP
THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE POTATOES
Will we ever get any more of the egg series? It's been ages...
I think he lives in the same town as me
Nailed it.  Undo on 4hundo.
best one yet
I need to see your face or i’m gonna explode
That egg reference was unexpected, but fun.
😂😂 Great video!!
I dont have Potatos, are Brown Painted Mangos fine too?
Minecraft really evolved
Flavourless?
DADDY
It would be fun to try to make one of these things
pedometer?
the night circus
Ok......you got me to subscribe
Potatoes in 4K
decent video. <3
It was going great till you said the Greeks invented '0'. Indians did it fam.
Are you the guy from "exurb1a"?
When you stareth into the abyss, the abyss stareth back....
the only cooking channel that really deserves to be on trending! 🔥

i learn so much from you about how to make videos funny and informative. thank you!
Potatoes may lack flavor but they're very versatile! We shouldn't shame them for being flavorless ._.
6 years later i will be looking for a video.
OMG this guy is hilarious and he makes awesome twice baked potatoes 🥔🥔🥔
I made the aglio e olio
I suck at cooking because I don't cook
John and Douglas... how will it end?  I need to know!
Aye Kentucky
yUm
Just don’t bring any loaded-potato potato guns to school
wang jangle ?
This is gold
Baking baking😂😂😂😂
I love this
You had me at spud
Pimblokto should have thawed out by now...
Omg so satisfying
Subbed!
Potato x bacon
LOADED
Casually Explained?
So its..... DeViLeD pOtAtOeS
The zero theory almost got me I am that stupid.
😜😜👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
It was really generous of you to make 3 servings of loaded potatoes for me!
Looks good 😎
Am I weird cuz I like to top them with mozzarella instead of sour cream?
Love it.. simple
Undoh's on four hundoh
That’s the sexiest loaded potato eyer
Pepper pepper pepper
TRENDING
I thought india made the number 0....lol this is a nice history lesson
But none of my timers go for 6 years.... 😢
We Kentuckians are proud of our onion heritage...
Lol yo face reveal?
I'M CONVINCED THAT YSAC AND BINGING WITH BABISH ARE ONE AND THE SAME WITH THAT BARITONE VOICE
What's great is I just watched the egg sandwich video, I was prepared for this video.
I forgot about this channel.
You didn't even go over pressure baking
That giant egg potato carton though ❤
This was the first video I watched by this guy and I got hooked. But if you want to watch more bids like this I also watch the Odd1sout he's like this guy but animated. If you like this you'll like the Odd1sout.
I'm Hungry Now
❤
WTF  22 Views 245 Likes  Must be the censors
Sooo amazing
Next time I cook, I am making these!
PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
The stuff on trending is sad
Dang my baking video has got nothing on this one. Hilarious video 😂
Um excuse me you're hilarious
Yum 😋
Thank you.
But the potato’s reminded me of califlower for some reason
I can’t stop watching
You’re so funny xD
0:03 is this ....... minecraft ???
Omg ur voice is sooo sothing
The best thing about potatoes is that unlike humans they don't need 6 years in a dark moist place to grow a family, but can already do it after just a few month.
I love you
Bill Wurtz, but with food
It's just me,  I am not going to cook up a lot of food.
How to basics???
Where’s the outro song?!?!?!
How do you know that
Just subscribed......your videos are great.
Awesome as always!
In Poland there is a place calles 'Krakowski Kumpir' where they have the absolutely best loaded potatos i've ever eaten.
Yung Nudy bitch
Whomst here for st Patrick’s day
Thoughts on the British way where you top it with baked beans?
Sure, you read.
Please finish the eggpisodes!
Dillon  Francis are you ?.
That is a full meal in itself
Baking & Boiling.
This video is awesome!
Despotato
i don't think thats what a potometer is for
😱🤣👍
Face reveal?
3:39
Do the things he makes actually taste good?
You’re awesome!
Amazing.
The Greeks didn't invent zero the Indians did after tasting European food to signify the amount of spice in it.
This is funny. I am subscribing.
I had a 70's change purse that opened like a clam........ 😲 .....gawd I'm old.....
This video is nogla's dream come true
How long did it take him to make the container
god damn it
Is this real. I actually got out my supplies and was prepared to follow along. I can’t tell if he’s trolling or not
Anyone wondering why his slow cooker says 6 years
A chill how to basic
I don't eat fruits
I love this Chanel
Love you
22 views
48 likes
Seems legit.
Inca discovered potatoes🤔
When is pimblockto going to thaw out
Dang, looks YUMMY!!!
Am i the only one who thinks that it looks so damn good?
Fairly sure the greeks didn't invent 0.
dude you make awesome videos
Looks good
Brah there was pototo in a egg  package egg potato 🥔 🥚🤣😭 set the potato for 6 years 🤣😋
Resistance lol
23th
Your method for obtaining potatoes wastes time and energy. What I would do is build a really elaborate tunneling system around where I think a potato may be lurking. Then wait for potatoes to just start coming out of the opening to the surface and nab them right there. This method gets you more potatoes than getting them with a potometer one at a time.
Oh me so hungry
I love these!
do you deliver?
Who else is here just for the audible advertising?
vita mix
i really want to make these right now
Nnn nn n nnnnmnnnnnnnn nn N N n No nMan Mann n n nN nnnm n nn nnn n no nn
he is right you can put what the heck you want
But it was India that invented the number 0...
Hay I am abyss sans look me up mean people sume times 😡I am watching you 😑😑😑😑
No song?
his voice sounds familiar ._. is this guy the one who made that different types of dogs and theres like a whole diagram of dog types ?
I feel sorry for you, your editor judges your language.
No offense but this video kind of made me laugh sorry I know you worked hard on it but you just don't come off as a professional chef no hate ok js 
Finally subscribing after 3 videos 👌✌👏
how did you know I suck at cooking? oh yeah I watched your video....
oooh fuck yeahhhhhh *rubs nipples*
Its kumpir
No tin foil?
Rip poatota u will be missed
This actually looks amazing. I’ve never heard of taking all of the potato out. Mixing it in then putting it back in. I’ll have to try that.
I suck at cooking too
That looks good asf
Who would want a book about pigs? cough cough Amy Schumer cough cough
Is he Canadian?
This is so funny
My brother hates the intro and then he says " YOU suck at cooking!" Yet he barely knows how to use a toaster lmao
Nooo! My precious baby's btw imma potatoes
Excuse me sir, I used your microbake method and my taters became all shriveled up, I was forced to eat my tendies without the warm embrace of potato, what have I done wrong?
The downvotes come from Mark Watney.
77
is pimblokto ok?
Lmfao
eat more chikin🐔🐔
If this guy and Tina Belcher had a baby, the kid could bring world peace with its voice alone.
What did I see @2 min mark..  idk never mind
😂😂
Is this the final episode ?
Did Pimblokto thaw yet?!!?!?!?!
this guy is funny lol
Wangjangle?
For anyone who wants a baked potato that looks like the thumbnail.  Go to Jason's Deli and order one. 🍠
Did anyone else notice that when he's filming his reflection in the microwave.... someone else is holding the camera filming so we can't see him!!!!! :O secret ninja shit
POT PIES!!!
GOT EM
Not once have I ever felt bad for a potato... Until now. Good lord..
he has nice hands ok
Amazing video. 😂😂😂
is this casually explained?
I dont really eat potato that often other than fast food (because they taste like NOTHING), but ill try this and i feel pretty confident
Hahahaha.  This is gold.  Your potatoes look delicious.  You did a great job make it and making this video.  Success!
Idc if i have to 6 years
G o t  e m
Hallelujah.
Trending
Ravioli episode?
Greek didn’t invent zero
...
I made this recipe yesterday and it turned out great, the family enjoyed it. I’m attempting the artichoke dip right now so let’s hope that turns out just as good.
Face reaveal
don t expect much
I feel like you should do a more specified episode about egg cooking methods (scrambled, omelette, poached, hard-boiled, etc). I've got a friend who is absolutely mystified by the concept of applying heat to an egg, and more importantly, PROPERLY SEASONING THEM.
3:09 reminds me of rice
Please do more eggisodes
Potato lives matter
I thought this was HowToBasic video
Is the onion in celsius or farenheit?
This guy is sick lol
😂😂😊☺️
I don't know what kind of cheese that was but it looked nothing like cheddar.
where is the ending song?!
Wang jangle. 😂😂😂
GOT EM
My family
great video as always :)
Why does he actually make good food?
I love your video I'll subscribe
How To Basic if he was sane
Who's waiting for the return of pimblokto?
WTF????????? What's up with the whispering man!!!!!!!
0:08 notice how the potato never gets dirty
I was hoping for a potato saga ;-;
Hey! Potatoes are not flavorless!!! They are delicious!!!😋😛
I burned my house down by putting a potato in the micro baker for 10 minutes
I love this.
Oh but EGGs can talk but potatoes can't huh!? Racist!
I'm hungry..
Isn’t the potato a mix between to vegetables, or is it only the carrot?
Do you know how to basic
That looks sos good
replace the cheddar with velveeta
This is like howtobasic if it was actually funny.
Damn that potato looks GOOD!
Hi
I love potato 🥔
Has pimblocto thawed out yet?
wut did i just watch
0:22 giant eraser
This is close to quatros quesos dos fritos
Well, you got some weirdly gen manipulated wtf potatoes if they taste like nothing. But overall, its looking good.
y'all can't lie that look good
potatoes are my favorite food
Where’s the foil
3:24 
but...but...I’m Irish...I love potatoes...HOW COULD YOU
Is just pepper pepper okay if I can’t afford pepper pepper pepper?
Potato lives matter.
I’m gonna stick to Aqua baking, because backing backing gave me a burn scar
On trending
Good thing he hasn’t (really) forgotten about the egg series
Are you Ryan Reynolds?
😆
ily
AAGGGHH I'm so HUNGRY NOW
Those theta waves though
דעכנכ כן
i came
Am I the only one who is confused by the potato box?
I’m embarrassed at how hard I just laughed in public
I have Recently been Fired from Kitchen & Gardening Duties by the Missus!, She will Let Me make a Cup of Tea, but only under Supervision & with Written Instructions!.
I miss pimblokto
Potato’s are nature’s flavor grenades
Aye
The story of the potato was so sad 😭
You ate my peasants
my dude i love eating boiled potatoes with just salt no butter just peel em cut em in quarters boil em drain and just eat right out of the pot with a fork and a sprinkle of salt for each piece
Tata delicious
SECOND CHANNEL FOR MUSIC PLEEEEEEASE
Yum
Ysac
It’s called a microwave
It's Tuesday
This video did not teach me anything or entertain me.  What was your goal here?
potatoes taste really good what u lying
i first think that the potato would explode is a joke. So i didn't poke holes on them. About 30 min later it make a little pop sound. The skin of which just burst open. 

it's a mind blown to me that potato can explode like egg.
why was this actually a good video
Subscribing!
Flavorless potato, must be america.
if potato screams "иди нахуй!!" when stabbed with fork, is Russian potato of rudeness, and you should probably turn into vodka instead.
Baking baking haha nice
Oh ohhhh.. oh... it's one of these American "humours videos" where you're supposed to smile just a tiny bit all the way through the entire thing and laugh whenever your parents laugh without thinking about how bad the jokes actually are and how unfunny everything is because your entire family has no real bond.
So there is a little bit of a reference here
How to basic?
You irishest
These ending songs are getting wierd
Why do you own 2 small showels, one slightly smaller than the other?
mmmmm juicy gottems
lol why did so many people dislike
This channel really sucks
Yep... Still pepper pepper pepper..
The potatoes are NIHILISTS!! They are nothing
Someone please come back in six years and tell us how the slow baking potato turned out and if your family enjoyed it
dumb videio
If you put an egg in there then it’s great as well. The yolk is all gooey and it’s great
Potatoes in a Carton
Gold
Everyone is a comedian in the comment section 😑
Was that a breathalyzer????
Wtf did I just watch?
I am now ordering a loaded baked potato because of this video
Oooh ooh im a potato
How is nobody else freaking out over the fact that he has a CARTON of potatoes?!?!
Trur Slav knows at least infinite ways too use potatoe. True fact!
Dude what are your dogs called?? Tell meeeEEEEEE
so umm yeah, I watched this video yesterday and about thirty hours later have watched all the videos on this channel 😐 NO REGRETS!
Wow 😲
What's the point of seasoning the out side if you can't eat the outside
Can you show us how to make water
It's almost been one year in my slow baking potato, I've raised a family and am expecting twins soon, my family will love the six year old potato when the twins enter 1st grade. I thank you for teaching me how to cook a potato
taliking cat
PEPPER!
I'll admit, i thought the thumbnail was two cats crawling out of a potato
No se ingles 😢 pero m gusta la papa 🥔 alguien q m quiera enseñar inglés y yo le enseño español soy d Guatemala 🇬🇹
Nice
Oh my gad i'll make some of dis
very funny video
If anybody SUCKS, it's you.
Lol!
People like this trash wtf are people doing with there lives
Potometre! ✊
If you stare into a potato for long enough, the potato eventually stares back into you.
What happened to egg series no new video?
great video
Wow I actually can view videos at 4K! (2180)
I learned a lot from u....... DO NOT EAT POTATOES BY THEMSELVES
Do sweet potatoes work
we have some sweet (normal) potatoes here, but I can't tell what sort that is......... you may need to scrub that tray, it's giving me creeps :(
Now I understand why americans have problem with diabete
Oh the humanity!!! Removing the innards of a tuber and replacing them mashed with parts of different vegetables and bi-products of animals only to suffer a postmortem ride in fire land. Unconscionable!!!  A culinary chimera of epic... Deliciousness. Food coma...
Wait a minute, you can buy potatoes like eggs? ( 0:17 ) Around here we just get then individually from the supermarket.
Try eating it by it self, it’s pretty damn good
Why do you buy potatoes in a carton, and not a sack?
Can we please get a pepper pepper pepper tshirt
im hecking hungry
These videos are ridiculously funny and they also give me great ideas for meals. Definitely going to do some baked potatoes
How much channels does this guy have
Who tf buys potatoes in a carton
“Except potatoes don’t have the ability to talk so let’s stop fooling around.” Yet eggs talk. 🙃
You think I’m supposed to be sad because my wife left me after 8 years of marriage? Well guess what. My potato finally finished baking after 6 years so my wife is the least of my worries now
Things I learned in this video. Potatoes are tasteless waterproof airproof balls of nothing.
I would to have your children. If I wasn’t a man.
Am i the only one who cooks like this?
I hope everyone realizes there's more interesting ways to create flavor than overloading food with cheese. Not trying to be offend, I just couldn't help but notice the dairy and bacon content in this would destroy my stomach.
I hate potato
who the heck buys their potatoes in a carton?
U funny😂
Eat raw potatoes they are sweet
I legit thought they were gonna make another “egg murder crimes” with potatoes
Its called a twice-baked potato you mongoloid
내 말 좀 들어 봐. 한국인이지만 내 항문은 어린 시절에 일어났던 일 때문에 크다.
Where do you find potato laying... things? Can they be kept in a small apartment?
A potometer is a form of scientific apparatus that is used to investigate rate of photosynthesis and transpiration in plants. I had no idea it could be used to detect potatoes too!
dont swear on my cristan youtube sever!! He*k is b a d😣😣😣
My kid just started 1st grade and I cant WAIT to finally feed him the slowbaked potato
Die ! Poteto !!! Die !
Why is he so funny 😂😂😂😂 greetings from Germany
Pomme de terre
Instructions weren't clear. My potatoes already found god.
Do you can you stop making things fake
The potatoes remind me of snow,feta cheese,and frozen milk.
im really confused do ur potatoes actually come in egg cartons
Need more potato criminal drama
What do you mean you couldn’t put the book down? It was read to you.
Wait since when do potatoes come in cartons like eggs?
Who remembers when he done short films with eggs😂😂 I remembered from the song he put on for the potatoes.
Where the hecc do you get baking potatoes in an oversized egg carton???? ',:/???
That farns-swoglin potatonameter is quite gratuitous.
Wow. I never thought of potatoes as nothing, but it makes sense.
That potato looks really good, but chives are gross
I did the 6 years thing and when I came back my potatoe was burnt ;-;
Potatoes are so tasty even on their own
Oof. I just made some these baked potatoes for my parents and myself. It was sooooooo goooood. 10/10 recipe, would cook again. The only thing was that I didnt have any olive oil and I can't help but feel it would've added extra flavor to the potato skin.
Potatoes don't talk? What are you talking about???
Wtf
water has more flavor than potatoes
This was so funny! it added the pain from laughing so hard to my already existing stomach pain of hunger. Oooo! Potatoe's done
Indians discovered zero, therefore Indians discovered potatoes. Get you facts straight.
Why is the soda can censored?
Why are your potatoes in a large egg carton?
Yeah thats a great book, and your potatoes look fantastic.
The potatoes remind me about this food called pup
Bitvh I have a playlist named potato.
A potato? Never heard of one. It tastes very strange!
First time I've ever seen potatoes in a carton box
what potatoes are you using?
A good way to make baked potatoes is to cover them in leftover cooled bacon grease once it has hardened. One another note you can use liquid or solid bacon grease as a substitute for butter in molasses cookies, sounds weird but it's not bad.
necxt time put tinfoil underneath potatoes so u don't make such a mess
Man I'm gonna eat that baked potatoes in 2024
Don't stare into the potato too long or else it will stare back at you with its many eyes.
dude yr kitchen sink is absolutely disgusting
When did potatoes come in cartons?
Where the hell do you buy potatoes in a carton
I have never seen potatoes sold in a carton like that and I wish you acknowledged it
Dood made a paper mache potatoe carton for the vid lmao
I like ur Potatoes
Loaded potatoes are obviously much more complex than boring old potatoes.
My kid is turning two next month! Just a few more years until I can have the slow baked potato of my dreams!
I eat baked potatoes plain. No salt, butter, or anything. Is there something wrong with me?
I bet your favorite part of a video is after when you eat  the food.
And to this day the potato is still in the slow cooker
Plain potatoes with pepper are good....
Ooo this kind of baked potato seems interesting
I like my potato pain
This video is s***







OH COME ON! I WAS GOING TO SAY SUPER!
When he banged the potato and it turned into onions i lost it
Potatoes were orginaly cultivated in south amarica from regular nightshades.
Is this babish?
im eating nothing/potatos
Yall the potatoes was in a cartoon. I'm so amazed.
greeks didn't invent number zero.😑
Not funny !!!
He made 4 potatoes but 5 were missing from the carton at the end... i want answers
Just got a new phone and I’m gonna is it gonna is a way home game 🏡 was should be I we had some time for to play this with but you know you can don’t wanna play with the you you know you are have a great time with him lol 😆 was the that a really good nice day of I was wanna got a good hockey 🏒 team I wanna was play and a I it was took me seriously and it is was just because I was gonna we were gonna you know you I got to your mom and I’m sorry I wanna is was I want you and my you love you 😍 and my mom and I love are this kind and of you course god is a that you mean to be my a friend mom is the best only one that’s I wanna don’t play wanna know what you I mean ya you mean ya know you wanna guys I like to be say hi oh yeah you mean I just got home from school today.
If u want to make a baked potato but ur to lazy to use the oven u can put the potato in the microwave with water so it dosnt become micro
scrubby wash the potato hole.
Dude I hurt laughing at your well made video. Love it. I'll try your way in baking stuffed potatoes.
You say potato, and I say potato. Oh wait.....
I eat my potatoes raw
And is he really sure that potatoes can communicate with each other..
never seen potatoes come in a carton like that
Who buys potatoes in an egg carton
Ok now mail me those ready to eat potatoes mmmm yummy ha ha 😎
Where can I get a potatominter
The Greeks never had potatoes
Finally, You suck at cooking showed up in my feed as TRENDING, Rightly so, thanks for all the laughs, keep it up.
That intro was GREAT! I'm sure I'll make the microwave explode! I really do suck at cooking. SuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucK!
HA ha I love this
This is my first time watching and it looks wrong
I laughed WAAAYY to hard at the potato carton than I should have 
Also I’m struggling on whether or not I believe him when he stated “Facts”
I had a food orgasm 😛😋
You are extremely funny dude
I love this show.
What if someone actually took this seriously
I chose slow baking
Any one else think his voice is sexy? 🤔
Where’s pimblokto
This made me order large fries from mcdonalds
Lolol
Well, I just spent my afternoon/evening binge watching your entire channel & now I'm just sitting here wondering what in the heck I was doing on the internet before this because I think this channel is the sole reason that the internet exists. Now I've found the true meaning of life/the internet. Really though, I was having an incredibly shitty week & watching all of your videos really cheered me up. And made me want to cook all of the things. So, thank you.
am i the only one who hate eating potatoes?
I hate videos like this
hey dont talk about potatoes like that 😭😣😔😐🙃😍😉🤩🤟🙁😗😟😘☹️😒🤓🙃🤩😘😩😠🤬🤯😓🤭😨😎🤬😤🤓😒
Potatoes can actually can talk
I thought we were getting another egg story with potatos
His voice makes it so derpy 😂
New subscriber, loved the quick and funny cooking video!
god DAMN this looked amazing
Micro Baking
Aqua Baking
Slow Baking
Baking Baking
Hilarious and delicious as always. <3
This is the first actual food that looks edible by him lmao
☺ 💕 love you man
Make this be on Audible
Your so funny at making these kind of videos
What in the world, this is so funny😂
And you swallow at cooking you totally swallow
Trending!
Yo summers out so has pinblockto thawed out yet?
I’m hungry
I love you
Hilarious! Who knew potatoes could be so funny!
Why is this so funny. It’s too funny for what it is
Wow no song?
I know this is a joke but the Greeks are not in America and potatoes are in the Americas is there's not way that when the Greeks made 0 because of potatoes
Isn't that a twice baked potato
Olive flavored stab soothing balm 😂
Finally a cook show with humour because I cook for fun and of course taste new things! Love this
I think this is an apology for the April fools video
I'm more impressed than I expected to be. You suck at neither cooking nor making videos, good sir.
Ya'll Need a Volcano Potato
What kinda gun does a vegan pack at the market?....a tater gun..... (I want to kill my self)
Those look delicious!!! Btw the broccoli cheddar potato is genius!
Cooking bill wurts
My boy got on trending again
11 on trending gg
This is tooooooo gooooood!!!!!!
The only way to get good at cooking is to suck at first.  So your point is irrelevant.
The real question here is what’s gunna happen with the potato in that bake machine?
I thought you were going to say something else, when you said something about opening the potatoes like a 70’s purse.
Ct
One of my raw potatoes saw one of my baked potatoes what do i do?
Inb4 potato potato potato potato potato potato potato potato comments on this video
Funny
Here's where I make a suggestion about how I do it. I use a corn-on-the-cob pointy thing to pierce my potatoes before cooking them, instead of a fork. Feel free to use that idea, since it is not copyrighted. Thank you.
my store ran out of potato cartons! what should I do?!
I'm so happy this is #11 on trending
I'm hungry anybody else want kfc
Making these tomorrow!! 🤤🤤🤤🤤
Love thisssss😂😂
So hilarious!!!!
The amount of effort that went into making a potato-egg-carton.. I dont even know. love this channel
I think he should make a game about cooking and with the comedy too
He doesn't have a freezer key, does he?
oooOoooOoOOO
This was quite humorous.
I was so into the video when he showed the piping hot potato I blew on my phone to cool it down wtf
LOL
I’m hungry now
Wow number 11 on trending.
"If all this sounds like a bit too much, just sprinkle some salt on a raw potato and order a pizza"
You never eat the skin of potatos
how to make mountain potatos
Wowww yummy😋😋😋
American cheese is weird.
I hate it when people cook potatoes with the skin on
Great vid man, u just gained a new sub :D
I love these f××kin' videos. 
Hilariously funny, plus you're learning to cook. 
Hey Cooking Channel & Food Network! Why in the Hell aren't you sponsoring these guys.
Dude #10 on trending!!! Congrats
The boom actually made me jump.
Hahah you're funny. Some vegan stuff soon?
Do you play on the Arizona GlitterBacks?
The zero part though
U scare me. I just made this same exact recipe in cooking class at school I also don't think my teacher watches your videos because it seems she doesn't know the internet exists 😣
Those look really good 😂😋😋😋
I really like your videos. Like.......for real.
I swear you and Babish are related. I'm on to you guys haha.
fork holes
Where the hell is Pimblokto you monster? I’m still sad you sent him away
His punching game is so strong, the sun came out
funny as F***
Punching plants for potatoes in minecraft done right
Wtf potatoes in an egg carton...
Potatoes were descorverd in s america
&
Loaded twice baked potato more like it.
Omg thx ur videos always make me feel better about my cooking 😂
It is a famous Turkish street food called Kumpir.
0 was invented by arabic bois
#9 ON TRENDING FTW
Ha haha haha haha hah😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
MY MOUTHS IS WATERING CAUSE OF THESE HECKING MAGNIFICENT FOODSTUFF
"I couldn't put this book down" lol I don't even mind the ad.
I missed that last step, my remaining potatoes have an inferiority complex now. Dang.
We need a potato siries NOW
I didn’t laugh once.
Huevada
fuck audible
Why is this so catchy!?
Actually potatoes are from the Americas, to be exact from Peru, so therefore the Greeks did not discover the Potato
I bake mine for a hour...  And then just eat the skin off the potato... Yea
Cool video though
Lets completely ignore the fact that we the Greeks learned and ate potatoes at  1800 from kappodistrias
Loaded baked potatos are sort of the vegetal version of deviled eggs.
come on mate potatoes does have a taste .... they taste like    ...... Potatoes
Cheese and broccoli loaded potatoes are a good shout. I have all those things and didn't think to combine. Dinner is sorted thanks voice over guy
I like how he is actually pretty good at cooking but says he isn't😂😂
Congratulations on #6 on trending  :D
You deserve it haha
These videos actually help me cook, thank you.
Hahahha I love this video, made my day
We called this kumpir in turkey
Aw man I can't watch this I'm to stoned
New How to Basic here "<
Wow
On trending
CONGRATS ON TRENDING
Young Nudy
I love you
Zero is from potato. The more you know...
damn ur trending
Lmao
Годно
Amazing video!!! Thanks
I don’t have a 6 yr timer, help me please.
Funny  great video
Funny shit... good food tho
I like potato
I hope that whoever sees this remembers to always keep following their dreams. Never give up, Anything is possible!!! Mine is to be a successful YouTuber! (and reach 8k!) ❤️💕🤗
Slow Baking 6 years😂😂😂
I aquabaked some break yesterday
it.. didnt go well
What universe does he live in....cause I wanna be THERE
Audible,it has absolutely nothing to do with food
Congrats on swventh
I just noticed he was Canadian you can tell by the way he said about
Sound effects FTW.
I want an audible book read by you
Fork you.
Love the vid
Thought this was going to be normal but no this is better😂
Why is this on trending
Don’t put sour cream on it to make it even more delicious!
Nice
Cute video thank you.
a potato carton? hahaha cant watch anymore of the video or I get too hungry.
yummy best potatos
M
Why would you destroy a beautiful potato by putting sour cream on it that is disgusting BBQ sauce is better
You are incredibly talented!  I laughed and laughed, thank you!
I died from laughter and then came back from the afterlife  just to say, "good job."  
K, Bye.
lol the intro is so epic
That Potato carton is true dedication to your craft. I think I fell in love with you just a little bit more... 😍
FIRST!!!
Aqua baking 😂😂😂😂😂
LOVE THE SOUND EFFECTS
this was great
This is the kind of humor I enjoy
seriously wanting a tutorial for that giant potato egg carton he made 😂😂😂
i love you
This video seems different then your normal comedy
this isnt as funny as the old videos
Hello, Humans. You walk down a dark alley and you find yourself face to face with a giant saber tooth tiger. What do you do? The best thing to do is, punch the saber tooth tiger in the face and then, you punch it again. Fear is the enemy. The animal just wants to eat you. It knows not what it does. Humans are scary creatures. The animal is right to make sure the human is not a threat and to get a good meal. All that protien and carbs from human flesh. Sometimes in life...

TERRANCE OUT
Honestly, am I the only one who wonders about how many dishes he washes after every video?
Greek discovered potato???? You mean the Spanish because potatoes originated from south america and only introduced to  europe in 16th century
Yummy baked potato awesome delicious recipe
Baby potatoes
I’ll be back in 6 years to check out how it turned out and I’ll share t with my kid k (this is a promise I’m gonna set a reminder to come back in 6 years
I like potatoes
Ugh don’t you just hate it when you go fishing for coconuts and your pants fall down.
This dude is a master at comedic timing and just comedy in general. He makes great jokes that aren't lazy and are actually well thought. He throws in the unexpected and teaches you to expect the unexpected. This man is great.
I almost feel like there may have been a better word to use then the entire outer space region but I just can't think of it 🤔🤔🤔
Oml he made me so salty when he said “outer space region”
Good morning everybody.
Lol 2:50 I love how it’s just the same pieces of chocolate being thrown over and over again
I like to serve macaroons with a side of shrooms, a vase of blooms, on top of a loom, with a bunch of goons.
That was one of the most hilarious videos I have ever seen. So happy I clicked on this, thanks to my love of coconut. Btw your the best.
I really wish I could watch someone watch you "collecting" coconuts with your pants around your ankles.
Off topic, but seeing you use sweetened condensed milk is making me think of this.  Toss a banana or two on the grill, still in the peel, until it gets nice and hot.  Peel it and plop it on a plate and drizzle that sweetened condensed awesomeness on it...  HEAVEN.  Oh yeah!  HEAVEN!
I’ve been watching this show so much that when I heard my friend say oven my brain just stopped and started to scan my memory for what an oven was so I just stopped whatever I was doing even my breathing as I felt my heart stop beating too.
I feel Deadpool and you would get along really well.
You are absolutely the only you tuber who genuinely makes me belly laugh, and I so need that in my life. My wife doesn't get you, but she also didn't get Kung Pow: Enter the Fist. She looks at me the same way she looked at me when watching that movie and I was almost peeing my pants. Thanks for the hilarity and keep it up!
Never seen any of your vids, just saw you on trending.
Insta Sub! :)
What happened to our outro song?
The way you didn't say 'moon' to continue the rhyming at the end was just savage.
I was just looking for a coconut macaroons recipe.... lol
condensed milk is proof that god exists
"Certified glue free" 😂😂😂😂😂😂
#25 Trending on Youtube! Congrats 🎉🍾
Licks screen
Him opening that can of condensed milk though😂
Stop telling me I suck at cooking. I'm trying my best. Please dad, stop.
hands down the best cooking channel out there! i am learning alot (not so much about cooking, but about how to make my own videos funnier 😉)
I pulled out my hair at "outer space region". Thanks.
So awesome! Always look forward to your videos! Another great one!💚👍
You are kickass I loved watching this making them now!! Blessings B,
Teach me how to make a mango
Idk your name: mom I made you a mother's day thing

Mom: get out of my room

Idk your name: ok
you never fail to deliver.


these are actual good recipients that are shown in an entertaining way.

Thank whatever people you believe in for him/her/whatever this channel person is.
this time can u use profanity without the censor/beep?    :D
Someones just taking a nice walk with their significant other, and they see a guy by the stream holding a coconut in tongs with his pants down and a bucket of coconuts with a camera facing his wangjangletts
The only recipe I've been remotely tempted to make
Everything that you say is the best thing I have ever heard
The condensed milk opening part made me unreasonably furious
imagine walking with your children on a saturday afternoon and see a man videotaping himself with a coconut in tongs and with his pants down.
Just subscribed 👍 thanks for making my night lol
-"Hey mom I made you a mother's day thing!"
-"Get out of my room"
-"Ok"
😂😂
The fact that you were not listening to tunes on your zune feels like a missed opportunity.
I just want you to know that I hate everything coconut with a passion but the only reason I'm watching this is because I love your channel.  Loyalty!😅
"White out is an ancient analog delete button". - Priceless! 🤣🤣🤣
off topic but, what wiccan lent you their runes?
You NEED to make SUSHI pls!!!
"The way you do that is by going to the store and buying a can."
me: Wait, you can do that?
I've tried this exact recipe didn't turn out like yours, hmmm. maybe I'll use a fishing net next time to catch the coconuts.
T H E  E N T I R E  O U T E R S P A C E               
R E G I O N
You make me giggle
I tried using the grass method
Didn't work
Ok, dude.  Who the hell are you, and why are you so Goddamn funny???!!!! I'm dying....just found u and am having a binge....undo on 3 fundo??? I can't.... Lmao.... Keep it up!! 😉
3:57 the middle rune is like pinblokto's arms!
ROFL 3:26 has the lid of the can in the bowl  XD
You know I've learned more about cooking from this channel then 22 years of watching Food Network
I love this dude! Thank you for quality comedy content 🙌🏼
How many times did you intentionally subvert my expectations -_-
R.i.p you 
His mom-get out of my room
This really is so simple. I'll have to try this with my nieces. They'd love to jump in a creek and catch fresh coconuts!
Dude I'm laughing so hard I'm cryin ova here!!😂😂😂
God everything about this video was perfect 10/10
I am literally in love with this channel😁😂❤
MOON!
"and you can gaze at the moon entire outer space region"
Seriously impressive and I thank you for teaching me when coconuts spawn.  Hooray!!😸👏
Could have sworn the title said cocaine mushrooms
He gave us a rhyme but he didn't end it... this is blasphemy!
The way he opened the can oml
That's some nice boxer briefs. 😉
ur vids are so freaking good, u dont have enough subs though ;-;
No outro song!🤔 Was wondering it felt different..☹️ funny video either way!!
I love that the tunes in the afternoon is the music to French Fry Rap 😄
GREAT WAY TO START THE DAY
One moment of silence for the missed opportunity to make a Jackson Pollock joke
"If you use the grass version, add extra condensed milk. 
You can use whatever you want. 
You can use a friggin Snickers™ for all I care. 
That would probably be awesome."
please just put this on my headstone. no context.
I actually did this

It tasted horribly wrong cause I dropped coconuts

In a river
This is cocada, a brazilian sweet... You lied to me, i wanted to learn something new,  like macarons.
But at least the video is funny
He should've until it becomes evening and you can gaze up at the moon
"The entire outerspace region" instead of "moon"  HILARIOUS
Eh ma! I made you a Mother’s Day thing! 
get outta my room
Ooookay
He cooks in his own special way that shows his personality. That’s true art.
ＮＯ　ＥＮＤＩＮＧ　ＳＯＮＧ？
You could’ve said,
“Until it becomes evening and  you can gaze up at the moon.”
:(
Why are these more helpful than regular cooking shows..?
"I ate some bugs

I ate some grass

I used my hand 

To wipe my tears..."
I'm just amazed that the quality of content is so consistently good from the first vids up to now. Mmmm dat consistency.
It made me really mad and it was really unsatisfying at the end. Why didn't you end with

"And you can look up to the moon"
Hahaha I just subbed. My husband CANNOT deviate from whatever the recipe calls for whether its measurements or food ingredients. Showing him this channel would be a goldmine albeit we probably will die as a result....but, hey....how else will he learn?
You know you just made my favourite food thing right? And they all look delicious and beautiful
Slightly disappointed the source of the tunes wasn't a Zune
Reference from future video 1:53
the last time I was so early, you still had your sister's blender
Actually used this recipe, it turned out great! We didnt melt our own chocolate, but it was really good!
you should've said moon at the end for the rhymes
mmm huff some glue and have
macaroons for munchies after...
I am currently enjoying gazing at the entire outer space rejoin
The part when he used a rock to open the can onwards got me
This is funny as hell 😂😂
I'm confused, did you go to school to become a comedian or a chef? Is there a clown chef school? 😄
Macaroons have lead to an epidemic of over coconuting
I always utilize fish net stockings to catch wild coconuts when spawning.  Adds to the flavor base.
I’m a simple guy. I see food I click.
Funny enough, you can actually use this as a guide. 10/10
I NEED MORE OF THIS, IT PURIFIES MY SOUL
everytime I watched one of these, it always make me think, did anyone actually go and tried using the method in this video lol? You never know, it could a great spin off XD XD XD
WhiteOut = Ancient Analog Delete Button
Make more videos. I’ve binge watched all of your vids and I am sad when there’s not a new one.
Idk about yall but condensed milk doesn’t look like glue...
I LOVE your intro! So funny! Great video!!
Will this recipe work if I listen to tunes with my loon? And what if it ate one of my spoons?
I only macaroon during the month of June while I festoon my TV with a game of Splatoon...
Omg the fact that you had the idea of tapping the pan to the bottle... genuis
First time viewer, instantly subscribed. Oh man... so hilarious!
Omg, no can opener needed😂
i cried






“sweet baby cow food” 





HAHAHAHHAHAH* scream * aaHAHHAAAA
His hand is soo attractive..
Dude, you're amazing. You add comedy with actual recipes, I don't have the stuff, but if I did I'd at least try. Also, I love your videos, can't wait till the next one, hope it's like popsicles or something.
It was a little cheap, but the 'pro-ness' of that one macaroon made up for it!
It was a little cheap, but the 'pro-ness' of that one macaroon made up for it!
" well you know what they say, if it looks like glue and it tastes like sweet baby cow food then it's probably delicious glue. " -YSAC 2018
Mate, where do you live, it's beautiful! I wish I had a creek and woods near my house that wasn't private property, I gotta get in on that!
Is it me or does he add so much stuff that you can't understand the recipe
you didnt do the hershey squirt design aka the after math of taco bell food.
"And you can gaze up at the m-... entire outer space region"
I got back home from a math test. Thank you for releasing this video after the test (when I needed it) and not before the test (when I would make me procrastinate and fail the test)
hehehehehehe. this is silly.
This is, like, the only cooking show ill ever need. Thank you.
This video gave me a stress ulcer
Thanks, I hate it
Clicked faster than the speed of light
It's probably delicious glue omfg lol
we are attempting these right this moment as we watch the video ;) love you YSAC
“And just wangjangle those together with your pair of snippy lever knives” 😅
“Just wang jangle these together” 
I’m in love
Actually. I do suck at cooking.
Fantastic online video! Up here at Y&S FOOD! we love to notice these types of content. We create Travel & Food films too, anywhere in the world, and also we are frequently hoping to find inspirations and also ideas. Thank You.
Goddammit you get me every time! 😂I love your videos. I wish you made them more often
got me there with the outer space region and not MOON
Coconut macaroons the official food of coconut head from Ned’s declassified.
You are by far my favorite cooking channel! Haha you give out some very good recipes and your jokes are the best!
Are you also the channel “Casually Explained”?
Missed a golden opportunity for some(a) COINTELPRO joke(s) in there with the "pro, not pro" business you had going on there.
"Wang jangle these together"
Thank god, I hate coconut but love grass
Spawning coconuts 😂
I dont know what kind of poetic device it is called but i love the" looking out at the entire space region ", that is my humor to a tee
This is soo good 😂 i love your sense of humour!
I love you and ive been here ever since you had 400k and i watched all your videos and ive watched you grow
0:15 what if someone walked by and saw you filming this scène... They would be tramatized😂
Wow this was really good thx ot was amazing
you just know he bought that bag of runes just for the rhyme
The end should've been "glaze up to the moon"
Undos on three fundo 
😂😂
I sigh so hard when I watch this
Sometimes I think to myself "wth I'm subbed to a cooking channel", I open a video to unsub and end watching it entirely, liking and sharing
I prefer ocean coconuts.  Does anyone know when they're in season so I can plan my trip to the coast?
Can you do it with Elmer's glue? I can't find any condensed milk
Making mac and cheese while watching this I'm alone
ok real talk: has anyone ever tried one of his recipes?
My question is if they actually taste good.
I made this. Other than the fact they all melted together, it was great. I also question how you didn’t put all the macaroon batter in your face hole
You should collab with Cocktail Chemistry
love how the chocolate disappears as you are adding them hahahahahahahahaha. Thanks for the inspiration (not cooking inspiration though lol)
If anyone likes bounty bars (or chocolate bars with coconut) then try this!! 

Mix shredded coconut and sweetened condensed milk together and wrap in wax/parchment paper for the round effect (you don't need to though) then dip in melted chocolate of your choice!!
OKAY WAUT HOW DOES THIS TASTE LIKE IM SUPER EXVITED
Seeing you open that condensed milk made me... uncomfortable?
May I suggest hot rice pudding next?
love that this channel blew up, you deserve it buddy.
The fact that he made Wangjangle turn into WangJangle™️ is just funny
No doggo outro I'm sad oh well time to go watch the beet dip outro
That can opener bit was so funny. I couldn’t stop laughing for like a full minute.
This whole video was frustrating.
Your voice is similar to the YouTuber ‘chills’
My dude I was promised tunes with my macaroons but this time you eschewed your musical... outro. Now I'm sad :(
you can server your macaroon with the side of proons 

and maybe a bag of roons 

with a hand full of balloons 

and some spoons 

listening to some toon in the after noon 

in till i see the moon


Audience: claps 


me thank you thank you
gosh! daddy you're too daring with that boxers. ;)
Thank you for another helpful tutorial
I subbed after one video lmao glad it was in my recommended
I’ve never done drugs, but I’m imagining it’s similar to watching you wangjangle glorious, epicurean delights whilst entertaining us with your beautiful mind.
I've said it before, I'll say it again -- this guy's a genius
I desperately need to know if that was really YSAC's mom
I like how unpredictable he is xD
Listening to tunes on your UE boom 😂
Damn I really thought he was going to say moon
I'm in biology why could you not have waited to post during my lunch?
My moms allergic to coconut, R.I.P
Lol first time here, totally unexpected 😭😂now i see why the channel is called that, plus I’m hungry😂💀
If only you had a Zune laying around for that last couplet.
You always manage to surprise me. Did not expect the condensed milk thing LULZ
the tease at the end.. WHY DIDNT YOU END IT WITH 'MOON' YOU SICK RHYME MONSTER
Showed this to my mom, she laughed and we made macaroons
IS THAT SERIOUSLY HOW YOU MAKE IT. SO SIMPLE.
I can't find any coconuts in the nearby river. What times do coconuts usually spawn?
It’s like every single one of your videos gets to trending. Congrats my dude. You totally deserve it
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY MOON! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
i feel like u live in langley or somewhere in bc
just saw an ad that said “just give up and order take out” lmao
You just got pantsed by a coconut.
Terrific video! Here at Y&S FOOD! we like to come across such a contents. We create Travel & Food video as well, anywhere in the world, and so we are always seeking out inspirations as well as concepts. Thank You.
I've really enjoyed the last few episodes, reminds a bit of the earlier stuff. 

But I am disappointed there was no Macaroon tune.
love how you serve you cooking videos with humor, it's fun to watch
that ending was so unsatisfying.
I Love This Channel And Appreciate The Effort And Creativity You Put Into Every Video. It Makes Me Feel Confident Im Bot Wasting Time Watching!
Did you read my diary? Cause I needed you this morning!
man.... I was waiting for you to say moon at the end
I'm happy you at least got Uruz and Gebo in the runes ;)
He just kept throwing the same chocolate pices in🤔
Wait, "slippy lever knives?" I knew I was saying it wrong.
Holy damn I'm an early boi
Omg those legs........... 👌
Ancient analog delete button hahahah
Those aren’t macaroons btw....
okay but when I actually made these, the condensed milk just stayed there and nothing baked although it was in the oven for a good 30 minutes disks
What were the ingredients again?  Coulndn't  keep up
I am eventually going to try all these recipes meanwhile sir u should make a cookbook
Ha ha....you live with your mother
KInda sad that you didnt use a guitar to "shred" the coconuts
ok, i've found the perfect youtube channel
The ondo is on three-fundo.
Hello, Humans. A dragon meets a dog. The dog kills the Dragon with sheer will. Anything is possible, as long as your willpower is bigger than the universe. The Dragon thought he had it all figured out. Well, surprise motha fucka!!! 

TERRANCE OUT
Your videos are one of the very few that I leave the ads running on cuz I've been told we need to watch the ads so that you get paid by YouTube.
I like to serve macaroons with a side of shrooms, a vase of blooms, while riding a hot air balloon, with a bunch of goons, with whom we're acting like buffoons while enjoying the macaroons.
I live near a coconut spasning river see them every season
Wish that underwear fell down too
For some strange reason, I can't stop watching you throw chocolate into the saucepan.
I found this channel waaayy too late 😂😂
The irony was uber-thick with this one.
Thank you for making me laugh a lot.
A Pesach Staple... MACAROOOOOOOS!!!
Coconut version - “Jewish macaroons” 
Meringue version - “French macaroons”
Daddy’s back❤️
The condensed milk scene made my day.
LOL!! Oh shit! My wife bought two coconuts a couple days ago and 4 cans of condensed milk. They've been on the counter since she brought them home and usually when that happens it means she's either forgot what she was planning with the ingredients or she has changed her mind and lost interest. She also has no idea what macaroons are.
Guess what I'm going to make now.....
Just in case anyone is wondering, the condensed milk was on sale $1.25 a can as opposed to the regular $2.99 a can. Trust me, I bet there were only the four cans left or else she would've bought 10 cans at that sale price.
That last thing was just really Unsatisfying
You forgot to say gaze at the moon
moon
If somebody says he's wrong and there macarons do you research he made macaroons.
Boy, you’re just not right. (But, I love your channel!)
I'm genuinely mad that youtube doesn't put your videos on my sub feed
Yo-
You didn’t even need the can opener
You doof
4:05 who thought he was gonna say moon?😂 just me?
Thank you for existing.
He makes me laugh every time. I swear I just sit through the video with a huge smile on my face like a dork and crack up. I want to meet him!!
His absolute randomness is why I'm here😂
i love u man ur the best no homo and also new egg video?!?!? how bout nex vid?😏
I'm not sure whether this is a legit cooking video with some humor or someone is just fooling around either way its amazing
Monty Python,  anyone? 

Are you trying to tell me that coconuts migrate

What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow carrying a coconut?
They swim upstream to spawn? Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
What did you moon by outer space region
This... this made my day
this man is such a chaotic neutral
Okay but you live in such a beautiful place? The trees in the sea I mean that's some nice scenery
Just think what you would do if you saw a guy picking up coconuts from a lake with their pants
First time iv'e watched you're videos. Sooo random and hilarious
im disappointed that he didn’t say ‘gaze to the moon’ at the end
Hey dude I haven't gotten notified about your last five videos. sorry!
g e t o u t t a m y r o o m
I've actually made coconut macaroons before and they turned out really good
How do I set my undo on 3fundo?
Glue-Free OMEGALUL
outer space region instead of rhyming it with moon... Nice 👌
make fried pickles
This guy has some pretty amazing preachings 😛
ahhhhhhh ugh i hate when he starts rhyming and on his last statements he just stop rhyme and do a complete curve ball!!! ugh  ...... i love you though
I miss the old YSAC
top ten most scandalous anime panty slips of all time
is it just me or does he kinda always sound high or drunk
Hey I followed the recipe :) I just have a small thing to add: it tastes a little sweeter if you add more grass to ur homemade coconut. Trust me it will tastes loads better. A small handful more will do the trick
I like the outer space region
From your voice you sound like a college student or a new dad... you know now that I say that it sounds weird
Didnt say moon. Feelsbad
He's like howtobasic but he talks is slower and is slightly less crazy
Make French macarons! They taste amazing
Could you give blueberry mint lemonade a shot?
The baseball 😂😂
"I watch it for the plot"
Came down here looking for Justin Y. Glad I didn't find him...
I've never seen so many memes come out of one man
these are called "basitos de coco"(coconut kisses) at Puerto Rico. These are not macaroons.
I watched 1 camera recorded moving picture of urs and now i am hooked right in the mouth hole socket. Thank for providing my day
Cannot stop laughing!! Love your sense of humor.
hell yeah , grass macaroons ! finally a real thing i want to eat !
Only my dead grandfather can make a good coconut macaroon
why do  i  feel robed
I have to make macaroons for my French class. I'm thinking about emailing this to her instead of turning in my recipe
Why dont you post more ive already watched all of your videos i love them but you  should post more
These videos soothe a part of my brain.
i didn't know Bird Scream at night






Idk
I cant f****ing bre-Hey, why'd you sensor that?!
I cant freaking breathe! Much better.
Those legs.... IT'S HOW TO BASIC
Avocado and tomato toast? Aka the milennial kryptonite
I line the insides of my cargo  shorts with parchment paper just  in case I have any accidents... don't want my condensed milk staining anything.
I don’t wanna be a pervert but nice boxers tbh
We dont deserve this guy.
I really love your sense of humor bro 😂😂
Say MOON damnit!!
It was supposed to be Moon :@
Ouch, my anxiety
I tryed to make it and the coconut and milk just melted
I love gazing at the entire outer-space region!
Coconuts must’ve been Carried by a swallow
You should do a face reveal!!
You are hilarious and I love your videos.
Your videos I find very relaxing for some reason XD
amuzing  you really do suck at cooking  but i enjoyed
How lit was this guy making the video???
if you were intentionally walking through the cemetery from behind so as not to show any of the writing on the graves, props. that's classy as heck.
I liked the part with the cooking and the coconut.
what time of the year would you say is best to catch the coconuts?
Best recipe ever! I made this recipe with MY lawnmower, and now I'm from Philadelphia!
Something about the sound of those coconuts going into that bucket is strangely soothing.
I love the can opening scene, all ocd people went crazy at that moment
You spent 15 seconds throwing, picking up then re-throwing chocolate into a pan
"Ancient analog delete button"
I keep on calling the oven at work onion on accident and I look like a fool. Curse you.
Invited my support group over to do the jerky circle and things did not go as shown. Anyone else have this problem?
Sorry that was for daily dose of internet
So guys we did it
We have reached a quarter of million subscribers.
I just tried making these and somehow messed it up (the coconut-glue mixture kept falling apart and i overcooked it and they melted into the parchment paper) so I tried making the chocolate glue free ones and messed those up too. But hey, I had fun for a few minutes while trying to make them so it was worth it
OH HELL YEAH, YES PLEASE LORD YSAC
Who else liked it even before the video ended I KNOW I DID.
Can we talk about how this tool walked on graves?
There will be bonus cookie?!
Love your humour ~♡
I prefer the Lazy Zebra glazing, but preference is opinion "/
COCONUT!!!!
Did u ment to say moon?
Awe, no song? I....don’t care.  Great video!
LOL THE ENDING RHYME KILLED ME
Omigod I love you
I love this channel 🤣
spawning coconuts lmao i love htis channel
Full on serious I actually tried this and it was decent
W A N G J A N G L E
Someone tell me what they thought of this recipe. I'm thinking about trying it out, but coconut is expensive, so I'm on the fence about it.
This was so well done, and now I will make these!
Please please please never ever do a face reveal or draw my life or any other cheesy crap like that. it would completely ruin everything just keep on making these amazing videos and never explain anything ever!!!! I'm just saying you got something really good here don't mess it up.
Serve the macaroons at your honeymoon,while carrying a harpoon to protect yourself from cocoons,but you happen to run into an immune raccoon,and he says,"Welcome to the salty spittoon"You get in,and everyone is wearing maroon and there are doubloons.
How do I be this human
He should have said "Moon" at the end
The throwing the chocolate in the pan bit was hilarious hahaha. Your videos tickle me and make me giggle
Doing more coconut I found helps
Moon would’ve been the word to end it with instead of space region
you are a true artist my man
I died during the chocolate part 😂
I actually made this. it's fucking awesome. for some reason my friends don't want to try the one I made with the grass ... but they love the ones made with coconut !
“Let’s just wang jangle these together untill it looks like coconut coleslaw” 😂
You just couldn’t say moon could you
Nice video keep up the creative work and random work
the moon!
Your channel is just one big unsatisfying video.
And with all the planets moons while you and your hum swoon
Hey I really love your content and I know its super satirical but walking between the graves like that is actually kinda disrespectful
Make me swoon, you macaroon you! 😉
While im watching this video with my megaboom ;)
You never disappoint.
I lost it at the can opener omg
Shoutout to the fries rap!
Here before trending and a million views
You made me burst out loud when you panned down to show your pants had fallen off. Cheap, but effective.
Do you do slam poetry? Because you have the perfect voice and diction for it.
Why didnt he say moon at the end
Reward re friendly shift above laser spread advanced such.
I literally lost my shit at the can opener sequence. You make me so happy.
I want gordon Ramsay to have a collab
I love thiiis 😭💘❤❤❤
Yes I love visiting the outer space region, they use star matter to make salsa
Bad relationship with your mother
dopest mom😂😂
Were you playing those tunes from a Zune?
I wasn’t listening on 50 percent of the video because I was eating coconut chocolate
Slightly annoyed that he didn't finish the rhyme with moon, but still a great vid
No song at the end? I feel cheated YSAC, you should know better.
300F or C TELL ME
Cheap Zebra... My nickname in high school
Are you Canadian?🇨🇦
I was just sick for 24 hours and this is a good way to be recovering
Wait until I get better at cooking
Entire outerspace region
I never know what's about to happen next in his videos
Just found this channel and this is already my most favourite one in YouTube
Daddy.
I thought he was going to say moon
But no
two ingredients...I can do this
i love that this is entertaining  and informative
True art...
How many bait-and-switch jokes can you fit in one cooking video? 🤔
I’m new. I thought this was going to be an actual legit cooking tutorial. Not sure if disappointed or amused.
I wanted to scream when he opened that can ||D
You should of said moon 😞
Mexico makes the same but are called cocadas in spanish but they are the best
Today was horrible but you uploded so I am so happy
Not enough songs, that means this video is bad for my health, I would know I'm basically a doctor.
you should have said moon at the end because that would have rhymed
Jajajajaja  you are funny,  👍🤣🤣🤣😙
I wish I had more glue free options
The end killed me
Stop spawnkilling man
the intro tho
Yay! And holy shit it’s gorgeous there. Imma come visit hope yr mum doesn’t mind kthx
The regular car reviews of cooking
Why can't I just go to Coconut Mall?
W A N G J A N G L E
Just the fact that after watching this my entire recommended is filled with Gordon Ramsey is gReAt and kOoL
I must try this, despite the difficulty inherent in it.  I'll be Barak.
W A N G J A N G L E
Finish it kids

Gaze up at the...
Ykw ur better than binging with babish
Evening and region don't rhyme, so the entire video is invalid.
michelin star stuff
Macaron video please! 😄😄
666k views ok that 😈
post more often!!
Well... that's the second YouTuber's underwear that I've seen today...
i missed you
Gotta wangjangle the ingredients together
Lol this dude makes me laugh
not pro PRO
I just found this jajajaja AF 🤣😄😆😂.
You could of said moon instead of outer space regin just to rhyme with oon
I thought he was going to say “while staring at the moon” at the end
can you actually make this and would it taste good or just one flavor overpowering the other?
Opening the can with the can opener then using the built in one. I lost it. Hahaha
Hi dad
I thought he going to rhyme afternoon with moon...but the last sentence was chill
1,456 comment yeah
So did he intentionally not rhyme the last bit 🤔
YES!!!
This guy is so unpredictable
You are so sarcastic.....I love this channel
I watched this like 15 time and I just got that 0:17 joke 😂
4:02 on an UE boom!!!
god I need these right now
He’s trending 🔥
welp heres how to basics brother but less messer :D
Sometimes I wonder how this many of his videos make it to top 20s then I realize that’s a silly thought.
At my viewing time, this video has 20,000 likes and 95 dislikes.  It's really impressive how wonderful and enjoyable these videos are for everyone. :)
YSAC, you are pro...not pro...pro...not pro...pro...not pro...pro.
Face reveal at 2 mil?
amazing!!eagerly waiting for your next video,
You made cooking funny
Stop walking on people's graves.
I'm... uncomfortable.
epic rhyme starts at 3:53
I don't really know why, but throwing the same chocolate into the pan because you had to eke out the video to match the narration just made me crack up laughing
U ok?..
Best thing I've watched all week
I love a good subverted punchline, and this video did not disappoint.
Love ur videos❤❤❤❤
What’s a microwave?? Is it like a laser box?
I love your rhyming skills
Get Out ! !  Is that how you harvest coconut ? Do we have them here around St. Louis ? ...oooh and bonus cookies too Oh Boy Oh Boy 😜. Funny video, much enjoyed. Thank you so much for the giggles 👍😂👌 and those macaroons looked great too
macaroon président
You should do a face reveal
I am disappointed that you weren't playing your tunes on a Zune.
moon outterspace region
is it bad that this guy cooks better than me?
Awesome... but where is the🐕🐈🎵🎶ending
This is what I’m doing at 2am this is awesome I am subscribing
"ancient analogue delete button"
bonus meme < bonus cookie
Honestly the best YouTube channel
I really thought you were gonna say "moon" at the end there.
He's re-throwing the chocolate!
“..until you can gaze into the entire outer space region” and shows the moon while we expect “moon” and not outer space.
We're all soldiers now.
Can you recommend a substitute for the lawn mower? Mine still works...
The undoh on three fundoh
Ugh I’m only fishing mangos out of my stream!!!!
masterpiece
He would have said moon because the last part not rhyming triggers me
thenks for lerning meh to makeh the maroones.
AHAHA I AM DEAD
CONDENSED MIIIIILK!!!!! God I thought no one in America or Western Europe even knew what it was!
Best one in forever!
Lol❤️💜it!!!!
too bad all that cocolate has been ruined with coconut
“But when you die do you want your friends and family to remember you as someone who made mediocre macaroons?” 😂
"Undo on 3fundo" favorite part
I thought coconuts were delivered by swallows.
Question ummm how much Wang jangiling?
god my stomach hurts so bad i laughed so hard
My mouth was watering before the video even started.
”until it becomes evening and you can gaze up at the entire outer space region”
This stressed me out so much
YSAC wont reveal his face but he decides to reveal his undies ok
Not called Coconut Macaroons but rather “Besitos de Coco” which is a typical and cultural dessert in Puerto Rico. It was invented on the island by female African slaves and still to this day it is one of our best “candies”. France has tried to pass them as theirs for a while because they have a similar recipe but they are way different (even changing their form to look like ours)- no hate towards France btw. I did a special report about the topic- and they can be dated back to the XVI century. And the original French recipe (even though it dates back to around the same era) was very different and has changed over the years looking and tasting like our “Besitos de Coco”. Technically the recipe you did was ours but with added chocolate (french) because the originals are meant to be eaten plain. But I do love me some cultural appropriation 😂.
Funny, I somehow missed this episode of Jun's Kitchen
1:08
I don't like coconut but I love you so it's okay
Will we see the return of Pimblockto? Will there be more awesome intro and ending songs? Find out on the next episode of YMS - Z!
Theese videos are soo good that i feel like liking every single one
I hate u bcuz the food looked so good XD
U never fail. Ily. Ily always.
#10 on trending
isn't this technically baking
You are so talented!!!
I have no idea how you continue to make this stuff hilarious. But you do it. Well done yet again.
He is like a funny food teacher
This guy's humor is pure comedy gold
First
Outer space region got me
Aside from chocolate is it just coconut and condensed milk
I like that you always sound somewhat confused
I really like the rhymes, but love how at the end we know exactly what you are going to rhyme it but you end up not rhyming it with moon.... Pretty clever and funny
Gimme Dat lil girl!
Ok now make the fancy French macarons
Does this work?
i lost it when he used the can opener !!
"the entire outer space region" SERIOUSLY?!?!?
You actually had a thing going there sigh I got triggered there
I spent 5 minutes thinking of an early witty comment to get attention, please give me likes anyway.
Ancient... Analog... Delete Button...
I feel offended because he didn't say the moon with me
I LOVE YOU
Still no face reveal but we got a bulge reveal
Will you narrate my life?
Remember to use the can opener on a pull tab can not solid cans ok
This video 🤯
I love your videos so much ♥️
This is the best thing I’ve seen on YouTube in a while!!!!
This is what gordon ramsy likes to watch
Who needs fancy food when you can have sugar instead
Don’t watch if you’re fasting I learned the hard way
Entire outer space region 😂
CLASSIC
I love coconut macroon
Those look pretty dope
Love the ending
Coconut is life
Look at these beautiful manhands
coconut coleslaw lol
Ahhh poems...
Those look really good but that's not how you make real macaroons
Behold! He is coming with the clouds! And every eye shall be blind with his glory! Every ear shall be stricken deaf to hear the thunder of his voice! Let the men, women, and children of the Earth come forth to gather and behold the power of Atom! Let those who dwell here in his favored land attend now to the words of the Prophet of Atom! Come forth and drink the waters of the Glow, for this ancient weapon of war is our salvation, it is the very symbol of Atom's glory! Let it serve as a reminder of the Division that has occurred in the past and the resplendence of the promise of our division in the times to come! Give your bodies to Atom, my friends. Release yourself to his power, feel his Glow, and be Divided. There shall be no tears, no sorrow, no suffering, for in the Division, we shall see our release from the pain and hardships of this world. Yea, your suffering shall exist no longer; it shall be washed away in Atom's Glow, burned from you in the fire of his brilliance. Each of us shall give birth to a billion stars formed from the mass of our wretched and filthy bodies. Each of us shall be mother and father to a trillion civilizations. Each of us shall know peace, shall know an end to pain, and shall know Atom in his glory. I urge you, my friends -- come, drink with me and pray... Glorious Atom, I give unto you these feeble bones. I present to your will this frail body. I beg of you to use me as your vessel, guide me to your brilliance, divide each particle and give relief to this rotten flesh. Cast the fragile form of this ephemeral body into new life in the forge of your Glow. Atom, come -- bestow your presence on your unworthy servant. We stay true, until the Day of Division -- until the dawn of your return to this humble world.
Loved the video.Very nice and yummy👍👍
needs triple P
Coconut coleslaw
I love it when he ruins the last rhyme intentionally. I always see it coming
These puns keep me from ending it all lmao
That ending was pretty deep.
That final joke was brutal
By the way I love your channel .
I’m gonna waste the rest of my life watching your videos
This actually looks good
at the moon ;D
Coconut unsweetened?
I'll suck a whole plate of those things down in one gulp.
One of your best ones so far
The amount of elderly people mixing grass cuttings with powderd sugar isnt even funny.
"undos on three fundo" will never fail to make me laugh
Came for cooking. Lmao
DO A FACE REVEAL!
they kind of look like plastid deposits in warframe lol
0:15 owo what's this
At the end he was suppose to say and the moon but okay!
Condensed milk?! I'm in!!!!!
the entire outer space region
White out == "analog delete"
this is the best channel on youtube.
This man actually recorded his pants at his ankles in the middle of the forest for a youtube video
If your lazy just buy a Dedicated Coconut in the Store
Me sad cause u no say moon
Did you change the thumbnail
I havent decided yet if youre an actual cooking channel or a parody...
Imagine how much money he wastes to make these videos 😂
I watched this whilst eating a coconut macaroon
i thought u were gonna say moon
THAT CAN HAD A TAB YOU BASTARD!
He is a PRO AT RHYMES
Condensed milk taste like Elmers glue
I honestly watched this then made it right away
Make more vids
laughsinpacific
Nopropro?
Why do I wanna frisk the maker of the video
Where are you from? It looks like you’re around Michigan somewhere.
MOON.
We haven't seen his face...but we have seen his underwear.
wangjangle
Moooonnnn lol
i love thoose rhyming segments
no joke my mum used  to make theese for me when i was 6 but more pure and tasty :P
You should rhyme more often.
There's sweeten condensed cocunut milk. Switch out the baby cow milk and this recipe would be vegan.
At first i thought the coconut was a hedgehog😨
the MOON dammit
Now you're finally ready to serve your macaroons, with a side of prunes, and maybe a bag of runes, and a handful of balloons, with three or four spoons, while listening to some tunes in the afternoon 😂😂😂
make fried pickles
make fried pickles
make fried pickles
make fried pickles
make fried pickles
make fried pickles
make fried pickles
Isso aqui se chama Cocada é do BRASIL
Its been a while we have seen Pimblokto!
you are a fricking genius
Okay ... I LOVE IT.
Thought you were going to say "Listen to some tunes out of your UE Boom"
put a bowl of chocolate and a bigger bowl of hot water to boil chocolate easily
I appreciate your channel in a way that you can not understand, although I feel as though you understand me, so...nevermind. I appreciate your channel the way you prefer me to appreciate it.
Mmm macaroons 😛 I'm just going to buy some already made by some factory robot
Moon😂
MY FRIEND YSAC YOU ARE NUMBER 20 TRENDING!
Gotta give it up for the "entire outer space region" as my favorite section of the sky
It's macaron
You totally have my attention, I love it!
The jerky circle.  Brilliant.
good shit dude...ha ha!!!!
He kept throwing the same chocolate in the pan!!
Is Pimblokto thawed out yet?
pepper pepper pepper
they’re also really good if you add a little vanilla extract and cinnamon
😂 when he opened the can
Are macaroons really just condensed milk and coconut?
You sound like sam from samonella academy ._.
His coconut gun fires in spurts,he if hits ya gonna hurt
The can is killing me
How many times were our expectations subverted in this video?
I made coconut macaroons like last weekend with grandma
I'm all caught up with YSAC...now what am I gonna do while I eat lunch?
this is the dollar general version of binging with babish
PIMBLOKTO IS ALIVE LIKE TUPAC CAN WE GET A HELLO
Yes finally new vid
Instant sub
I absolutely love your videos!!!
Where Was Your Jera Rune? Perthro? I Think I Saw Algyz But Still
The bait and switch episode
DAD!?
I can't suck at cooking because i don't cook
Erm. why was there no dog in this episode are you all of a sudden anti dog? Keep your anti dog agenda out of my macaroon instructional videos, sir
Macaroons... U gettin fancy
/r/MildlyInfuriating
No but are they really edible they look actually good
What are spoons? Those look like wangjanglers to me.
Does anyone ever wonder what the hell he looks like.. I'm dying to know,!!!! 😂😂😂😂
Glue Free
i really thought he was gonna rhyme something with moon
Missed this
wainjangle
"..under the moon"
These are also called Cocadas galletas a chilean dessert i had to prepare for spanish class they are muy delicioso!
Reported you to the Conservation agency
WANGJANGLE
Face reveal
God 'IS' Love... 

The Almighty God loves all of his children .
    His judgments are righteous. He loves the sinner but rejects the Sin .
 
Holy , Holy , Holy is thy Lord Almighty.           "Praise God "

   Therefore you must know that Sin is an ABOMINATION to the Lord.     
     And "No" sin shall Enter The Kingdom of God  .

1 Corinthians 6:9-11 King James Version (KJV)

9 Know ye not that the UNrighteous shall NOT inherit the Kingdom of God?

 Be not deceived: 
neither the sexually immoral,
neither fornicators,
 nor idolaters, 
nor adulterers, 
 nor effeminate,
nor homosexuals,
 nor abusers of themselves with mankind,
10 Nor thieves, 
nor covetous, 
nor drunkards, 
 nor revilers, 
nor extortioners, 
shall inherit the kingdom of God.

11 And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God.

    All must "REPENT" from Sin (turn) follow "Jesus" Christ /Yeshua . 
 He alone is the narrow road least taken.  The word made flesh.
       The "Only" way to the Father in Heaven...


   Anyone whom calls upon the NAME of the Lord shall be saved...
.............  "Jesus "


              God Bless All ...
whaaaaaaattt 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I am actually hungry now
The pro one looked a bit racial....
frikin hilarious
I CAN HEAR UR CANADIAN
Microbaker
I am triggered.
tip: melt the chocolate au bain marie, it won't burn that way
SOMEOME WHO KNOWS THE DIFFERENCE THANK GODDD
Upload more PLZ!!!!
Oof coconut
That tan line though
I have fallen in love with a man whose face I've never even seen. 😍
Can u make macarons?
Face reveal pleeease
Hahahahaha
Nice camera work with the speaker, and I thought the chocolate throwing in the pot bit was funny.
This is seriously the best one.
This made me go to my local store and buy some.. Worth it.
I love this guy, I just love him
you should make music with bill wurtz
I named my dog Wang Jangle.
I’ve noticed this video went back to more of the old jokes and got back to the actual food aspect of it. Excellent video in regards to the series as a whole
I was so sure he was going to say moon dang !
I tried to make these and can confirm, I do indeed suck at cooking.
How did I find this Chanel 😂
If only I didn't hate coconut
So i dont have any Chocolate on Hand, is using Nutella or White Chocolate fine too? Or what about Sugar Icing with Brown Food Coloring?
I miss your songs!
I tried this and it gave me food poisoning
I actually am gonna make these they look good
I attempted but I added to much cream the they became one flat giant macaroon still good tho
why didn't you fuckING SAY MOON AT THE END
Still no autograph :(
Why must I watch this at midnight when I'm most hungry....
LoL Wang Jangle!
A cleaner version of “How To Basic”
Moon! Say moon!
i don’t know why but i got really mad when he didn’t say moon in the end rhyme
Wangenal these together
is it ok to say that i'm hungry while watching this
“The cheap Zebra “ 😂
whycome no song?
Lmfao so good
Yeeet
Um do coconuts actually spawn in the river like they fall from the tree in to the river
I actually don't like coconut :/.
Where’s the song? Aw I always look forward to the song.
LOL
You need to bain-marie the chocolate rather.
I love you
“Wang gangle”
I love you
Bruhhh...
YOU FORGOT THE SONG AT THE ENDDDD!!!
The chocolate throwing in the pot got me lawling
At first I thought this was another how to basic type video but as I watched further I was fairly entertained. Glad I viewed the whole video
Opening the can... i didn't even notice the pull pin until the end.
I miss pimblockto
Why is this video so inspiring?
He wanted to make us think he was going to say and gaze at the moon
I felt very wholesome with that ending
But what if they patch it?
we see him in his underwear before we see his face
GOODJOB
Good Night everybody
Has he ever shown his face
This guy pulls it outta the bag every single time
slow clap on the runes part
talk about a missed opportunity
I hope this channel has inspired people to cook.
Oh
This channel is like exurb1a but instead of exsitiential crysis you get food.
It pisses me off that you didnt end the rhyme with moon
Please never stop making videos
you are so wierdly funny
that was so funny im gagging
I love this guy
WaNg jAnGlE
Eat your macaroons when it's nine in the afternoon
condensed milk looks like sperm but more...hardedr
Runes! 😂
Cancel jury gaze ebkspp mechanism mostly ideology down abroad stiff morning largely lip.
Thank you, so much.
1:35 this hurts me on a personal level
Congrats on trending
This man got bars
I wish u posted more u are a great utuber
It's consistently awesome.
Its moon dam it
Use a baseball to show size makes sure its half the size let's check(takes out a golf ball) i died😂😂😂
This episode kept me on my toes
I love you, that is all
Oh thank god you're back.....I thought you were dead.  I missed your humor...much better from the living....
I thought he was gonna say moon
197 dislikes from moms who got white out grass
Lmao 😂
You are a funny guy
Who else thought he was gonna day moon at the end😂😂
Your mean
3:52
#10 intrending netherland
MOON! MOON! JUST SAY MOON!
He didn't rhyme the moon
Gage up at the moon dammit not entire outer space region why you gotta mess with us like that how dare you?!
No song at the end???
When I use my Ondo I don't cook it at 350 or 400, I cook at 349 and 401. Cause I'm a rebel.
Youre hilarious.
macarons are better tho
Just remember you did a boxers reveal before you did a face reveal
You are too funny, love your vids...so creative! :)
you baffoon
Heck’s yeah
THE MOON
You are amazeballs
Now make macarons!!
I love how he ended his rhyme!
noice
Its funny because he actually teaches us how to make things.
what a low-hanging fruit
O.h gob that is so Funnny!
O.h gob that is so Funnny!
Do you think I should do a cooking video
this video is the new definition of chaotic evil
Plz dont stop uploading. Was very depressed until i saw this video
Why do you sound like aculite? Are u aculite?😲
Is serious or not
Hey dude to make a double boiler just get a pot of hot water and put a metal bowl on top, melt stuff on that.
Who got angry cuz he did not say moon  in the end?
Let’s face it everyone we are probably never going to see his face
He is so random
I love you.
what macaroni
Fun and good video as always !
Will prob start saying “wang janggle ‘em” now
Make a video on different ways to peel a banana
MAKE MARZIPAN
Anybody else see the blunt roach on the ground at 3:53 😂😂😂😂
So, I have a question. Since I live in canada, and as you all know canadian rivers don't have coconuts, only pineapples, can I substitute it by chalk? They're both white on the inside, hard, and your teacher gets mad when you throw one at them.
No pepper?!?!
Love it!  PRO
That last part reminds me of Letterkenny
Best baker alive!
Woooooowww.
The lake of chocolossum has to be my favourite joke of this channel. Oh, and the pumpking-mating-shout
This is some of the funniest content ever.
Kinda annoyed you didn’t say moon at the end
What a trip
why are you such a god
That Toro lawnmower you have is so awesome, I wish I had it.
Youre how to basic
WOW THAT LOOKS SUPER EASY AND DELICIOUS!
Anyone else disappointed when he didn't say "moon" at the end???
Sound like binging with babbish........
still trending
I already like your mom
art.
I love when I get to serve my macaroons with a side of prunes and maybe a bag of runes, and a handful of balloons with three or four spoons while listening to some tunes in the afternoon, until it becomes evening, and I can gaze up at the entire outer space region.
No macaroon song???
This is fake, everyone knows coconuts can't swim. They fly!
Oh god didn’t think I would like this channel. subscribed!
Like if he should have his own cooking show
Pair of slippy lever knives.
I miss plimbokto
Lmbo harvest spawning coconts man where do you get these ideahs from so funny lol
Yes this was a good video and it did make me laugh but, WHERE THE HELL IS THE SONG?!?!?
this would kill me, because i’m allergic to this.

why am i here, i wanna eat this but i would die.
He kept throwing in the same chocolate pieces
I'm too high for this video
Excellent!
“Get out of my room” “.....ok” god why was this so funny
It’s moon.
He did an underwear reveal before a face reveal...
Oh lol  you guys make these with condensed milk? That's so much easier than how we do it hehe
Black Bean burgers.!?¿
YSAC is basically the younger brother of How to Basic
Out of all the things you have ever made this is the one thing I would actually eat and probably enjoy
Can not get over him saying wang jangler
Hilarious!
Makaroonies
Lol😂
Why did I die when he repetitively threw the same pieces of chocolate in the pan
I'm so hungry rn
You really stepped up the kitchen and everything else in this one.
people are salty cuz he said outer space region but im mad that birds are chirping in the evening
2:29 Mediocaroons.
I detected a bit of sarcasm in this video.
Is he Canadian?
moon ?
Wang gangle
you have way too much talent.
Chaotic good
Wangjangle
Idk how I got here but I live here now
holds doubloons up and is about to say something, but puts them down and eats them sadly
These are rochers, not macaroons...
I can't help but notice that you put your oven at about three fiddy.
Is it weird that I'm turned on
1:20 I  thought you were going to do something weird and funny but I was wrong
You thought he was going to say moon didn't you?
Was that french fry rap for the tunes in the afternoon?
Who else thought he was going to say moon
Am i the only one who loves condensed milk?
No song?!
Mounds bites
My mom makes this all the time!
no song?
LOL
LOL
No song at the end?...
Uhwhat?
Nice legs!
He's back
Beautiful.
Pro
I love you now
Do you ever eat ot taste your food you make
I chuckled
I typically am required to eat everything glue free...so this is really appleing.
Look like pudding not glue too me
Too melt chocolate easier just put the chocolate in a ceramic bowl and boil some water. As the water is boiling put the entire bowl of chocolate into the water (not just the chocolate the entire bowl) then it will almost cook all by it self. ( even tho I advise you keep an eye on it)
♥♥♥
😻😻😻
Gordon Ramsay and you suck at cooking let's make it happen
Ummmmm no song? I want my money back.
Wang jangle...
Hahaha  .. I normally make them with flour and eggs  .. I will be trying this ... The chocolate: use about 1/2  a teaspoon coconut butter or reg, butter with the candy bar so it melts right and dosen't clump up =-)
This is like how to basic except I don't hate it :D
No song at the end?
No song at the end?
He open the can with a can opener when he can open it by hand. legit
Do you like dragons if so look at my replies
ur great
are you from maryland? you sound like you are lol
You should do deviled eggs.
can i use dirt instead of grass?
it made me so mad when you threw the chocolate into the pot and it kept disappearing. 9/10
Bars!
Hey glue is delicious
I wanna see him make French macarons
Too many poons
Immature video content.
Wangle dangle bangle jangle langle
You're funny subed
Wow.
moon
Wow!!! Freaking threw me off when he said go to the store and by condensed milk!! About lost my shit hahahahaha 😂. Usually it’s you need to extract this from a jelly fish found only in the amazon river only during leap year at 1am in the morning, then squeeze said jelly fish and BOOM!!! CONDENSED MILK!!
How 2 basic 2.0
Sooo i think hes the next generation of gordon ramsey
I don’t like chocolate......WHAT DO I DO!
moon! SAY MOON !!!
Are you camadian
Naturally Funny
The Chinese version of how to basic
Where you gone??
When I die! Dude what the fak are you trying to say here? Tell me! 😱
The chocolate looks so good!
Mine always come out a little runny. Like I used too much condensed milk or something of the nature. Can someone help?
Making your own double boiler is really easy. Just put a glass bowl over a boiling pot of water and make sure you know the direction of where the steam will go. It's not super fun to work with, but experimenting with different shaped pots and bowls is the way to go until you find one that won't kill you with deadly hot juicy bubbles.
Where does he live?
When do I add pepper Pepper PEPPER?
YUMMY
Where do you live???
I can’t even make eggs...
lol thats funny
Not sure what I just saw but I like it
Those thighhhsssss dads thicc
Where are all the videos bruv ben 3 week
Those dislikes are for the end
Oh come on that's just cheap
What.
Whaaaaatttt, no song at the end??
Why no song at the end this time?
I’m allergic to coconut
Is no one going to mention he took the chocolate out of the pan just to throw it back in? He's a genius
This didn't work for me at all. They ended up looking like coconut fried eggs. Did anyone have success with this recipe?
Wangjanngle
How to basic
Keep doing the egg movies where they were the gang pulled up I want to know what happens
Those are called besitos pendejo
The chocolate sequence! Soooo good
Your funniest video for some time!
This dude has got to be the most socially awkward individual and probably grew up not having a lot of friends...might be autistic to be honest...
He sounds like that girl from the Rite Aid in Santa Clarita Diet but funny and male
Ha I noticed the can lid in the bowl as he was shaking the leftover coconut in the chocolate
Most original content on YouTube
Cute tan lines hun 😉 😉
Lul
Where’s this week’s video?
moon
What's that? Omg
Was expecting a Zune. Was not disappointed.
The only video Justin y didn't comment on! Yay!
When is pimblocto gonna thaw out
Omg
You're a poet and you didn't even realize it
Yeah, so I made this. Following your instructions entirely and what I got was more closely related to snowman diarrhea than coconut macaroons. I think it was too much condensed milk, even though I installed equal parts. Oh well. Next time I follow one of your instructionals I'll keep in mind that you suck at cooking, and to really only watch your videos if I ever decide I want to kill my wife. Then I can make it look like it was a cooking accident that set my house ablaze.
Oh come on, that's just cheap.
Make ceviche
You can also speed up the process by condensing a cow with a bunch of coconuts and make one giant macaroon.
You gotta take these things and dip them in white chocolate - of course no regular chocolate. It's dank af.
Make cream of mushroom next
TIL there's a difference between these macaroons and macarons (the ice cream hamburgers)
I can find it there
It looks like custard.
I feel like this guy is the smartest human ever!!!!this guy needs to be president ASAP
Can I make this coconutless?
Do the French ones (the better ones).
Every tuesday-ish...its been almost 4 tuesdays!
Please have my children
great video terrashit recipe. if you do this all of the condensed milk will collect at the bottom of the coconut shreddings and you'll end up with a sticky piece of paper with goop on it.
Wan-jangle
I like your videos.
I tried it and it melted af, totaly ruined everything, i had to throw it in the trash
There were no dogs in this one.
Yassss bitch
I have cookie in my name. Therefore, I am better at cooking than you...
Moon
These are dank
No song?
Bruh
g e t     o u t     o f     m y     r o o m
omg
I have so little faith in humanity at this point I feel like I have to explain every one of these jokes in the comments
I used the grass and sugar but the macrons didn’t taste right
In your last video, u should reveal your face. Everyone is really curios
Uhh no offensive but your mom sounds hot
Wena uncela ekuphekeni yeah wena ngokuphelele uncel
Your “mom” sounds hot
Your funny😊
Omg marry me... uggg why am I like this
I mean I’m 13 but I still laugh at 1:15. Good job man!
Hey you suck at cooking are the foods you make actually real and do they taste good this is probobly a stupid question but it is an honest question i mean especially the perogi video
Nice legs. Finally.
i hate you for not ending that rhy-
Then what...?
...... * pauses to have a gay stare @ his undies*
Dose rhymes though, at 3:52
Who watches this when they are high
You sound high
Meh
Mediocre-oons
Don't you mean *the moon?
Looks yummy
Why is this so funny?
Where my dogs and songs?
Those are macrons. Not Macaroons. Macaroons are cookies. Those aren’t cookies.
What's the name of that tune after the balloon which is before the spoon?
ha le funny xd
Boooooo.. Worst one yet🙁
Why was the chocolate tossing so funny
Every piece of choclate thrown in that pan is how many chancleta smacks I get after trying to make these.
That’s just cheap..
ERMAGERD sweet baby cow food
Gluten free and egg free. If only my oven wasn't broken I would be making this tonight
Why don’t you show your face?
But what if i don't like coconut
Can I make one the size of a bowling ball?
This doesn’t suck
Please never stop makimg these 😂😂😂
the best video u have made mom I luv it
O wow thats amazing: you found the rare dicknut banned by most internet services. Make sure its transgender and hates Donald Trump before using this in a salad, it can be quite dangerous.
If there were words that adequately conveyed how much I love you, I'd probably use those words.
Why didn’t he say moon at the end :(
My favorite animal is the coconut
Ok but are the coconuts treating you right?
you misspelled macarons
Has anyone actually tried to make these? Does this recipe actually work and do they taste good? I kinda wanna make some...
He’s back!
:D
you are so good
This didn't have a song at the end and I'm extremely disappointed.
Weak episode dude. Weak
I’m a tier 4 plebian who thought it was Macarons and was very confused for a second
Amazing
No music?
Is grass and white-out a reliable alternative to bleach?
U r h
Why did the chocolate start to disappear
Better be a song. Stand by for complaints haha.
I'm super proud to say I just finished watching all of the videos you have posted! Does this make me a little crazy? NO, no it doesn't because I find you and all you're videos FLIPPING AMAZING!!! I'm very proud of you and what you have done to good and the way I look at it; I'll never cook eggs without letting then say good bye to each other. May I ask what is your favorite wangjangler and where did you get it?
PEPPER,PEPPER,PEPPER




Had to say it
this video was nice .idk what to say tho
I have one of those speakers too, great video.
This has been and always shall be the greatest cooking show ever.
Diy a double boiler: metal mixing bowl over a slightly larger saucepan with water in the bottom
you remind me of tina from bobs burgers
This is one of my favorite videos of yours
These coconut macaroon is soo good
oh your back finally.Wooohooo
Future trending in the making
Where the hell is the intro
This is too difficult
Den legz tho
Opens can that has easy open with can opener
Or I could just skip the whole sorry excuse for food part and eat the chocolate.
I hate it when people ruin the alliteration...
I want to have your beanie babies.
Help my coconut had eggs and now I’m a dad I’m not ready for parenting please help me
I've been harvesting coconuts in that there river since 1786, you ain't shiet son
I'm so glad this channel found me. I love these videos! 💞 I showed my mom the carrot one and she said "are you saying my cooking isn't good!?" She only saw the intro and walked off 😂💞
Lol that Cat in the hat flow at the end tho 😂😂🔥🔥✍️
M A C A R O N S
Your voice feels nice on my ears. Thank you.
truly a great content creator
UE boom is a pretty good speaker. Not only do you have good taste in food, but in Bluetooth speakers as well
When you have nightmares from this cookie because of a Passover.
Can you make macarons next?
I've got you in my sights
Needed those tunes to be played on a Zune
dat bulge
Moon.
So can I really make these with this recipe or do I need the eggs and other bs?
Wow. Just wow
Love your videos!!
How do I make cereal?
Love u
ɴᴏᴡ sʟᴏ-ᴍᴏ sᴍᴀsʜ ᴀ ᴅɪғғᴇʀᴇɴᴛ ᴄᴏᴄᴏɴᴜᴛ
ヽ( ° ͜ʖ͡°)ﾉ ʀuʙ ᴍʏ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀ ヽ( ° ͜ʖ͡°)ﾉ
BUT I CAN'T EAT COCONUT
Boi !!!!!!
Whcat's the slowmo for oh it's for epicness
Least amount of work please
no pepper pepper pepper????? :'(
Coconuts are not a nut
This actually looks delicious..
Yayayayay
This guys videos are stress relievers
How do i make water? I really don't know
WHY IS THERE IS NO SONG YOU  IMPOSTER
Get back outside!
Quality
I actually want to eat these
Rhyming words: Macaroons, prunes, runes, balloons, spoons, tunes, afternoons, entire outer space regions
Make more. Please.
Why not melt the chocolate in a water bath? It's the best way to not burn it and get it to the right temperature. I think.
Uh i dont like coconut
He’s like a less violent how to basic
Howtobasic's cousin make snacc
you are my fav. youtuber ever! i am sorry i was late, i litterally just got home from school
all i can imagine is your neighbor looking out and seeing you shredding a coconut on a lawn mower and then slowly going back inside
Why are you the best chef I have seen I mean your better then Gordon Ramsay
Jerky circle...
Dude so sorry it’s probs been a while but i never said congrats on 1mill you deserve it you’re the best
I got triggered when he didn’t say moon
I find these videos hilarious. And I don't mean to divert your attention away from cooking but I'm really interested at how hilarious a video would be of you reacting to good and bad comments.
wait, but how to condense that milk? mine feels watery and shit
Really wanna see what this guy looks like😣
Little know fact: these coconuts are actually brought up stream by the African swallow
Be more active
delicious glue
Acceptable.
I mean... I liked the rhymes but where is the end song?!? That’s one of my favorite parts of your vids, maybe include rhymes and the end song. I think it makes your videos funnier
This are called “cocadas” in my country but they are three times as big
was just making baby carrots in the microwave, and they literally were howling and screeching. possessed veggies?
Why does it look good to me
8
These are disgusting
h
THIS GUY IS A GENIUS TBH 😂🙌🏽💀
A freshly spawned Coconut?!? TierZoo F tier confirmed.
That ending confirms YSAC is johnny 5 of the flobots with a voice changer. Clearly
He’s back everybody, great episode
I was having a bad day today so this really helps
ur hilarious. this actually look so good tho did anyone try making them so u can tell me if they taste as good as they look
You canuck!
Awww... no awesome food song/rap
top tier NUT
Is the ondo in Fahrenheit or Celsius or Kelvin?
MOON
I seen London.......I seen France.... I seen your...........
I don't like coconut. Grass it is
YSAC reminds me of: HowToBasic, Casually Explained, and Bill Wurtz
Moon
moon
So you used the can opener and then used the pull tab. k
Where can I buy those under knickers? Not ones like it, those exact ones.
You never let me down and i always think it's funny when you make all these things rhyme and then make the last one not rhyme
What the heck did I just watch?
That certified-glue-free 'mac' actually contains 0.1 % glue! ☺
Why not just use a golf ball to measure it in the first place and that can could've been opened without the can opener and 






*you've been trolled *
BONUS COOKIES 👏🏻👏🏻
My day is made! I love macaroons 😭 and you, YSAC
You might actually have the most consistently funny and original channel on YouTube
Was that music from Portal 2?
Listening to some toons, in the afternoon, from your UE MegaBoom
That last rhyme was almost as cringy as comic sans
C o n d e n c e d
YAY
It looks soooo good
Your mom is rude
This was posted today and it already has so many likes and views
Oof
Okay this looks good, but what if I find coconut horribly disgusting? Is there an alternative that isn't grass?
You should show us how to cook a burrito or some other Mexican food
Cómo mierda llegue aquí?
Hey my coconuts don't spawn near the shore. What bait is best to catch one? Or a lure maybe? I really wanna make these so my family doesn't consider me a complete waste of sperm and egg
Chocolate is really to melt with a ban-marie. You pop it in a bowl over a pot of water until it melts
At the end I’m surprised he didn’t ad moon
White out = ancient analog delete button  🙊🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
I didn't even recognize this as a YSAC. The onion was too clean
Best episode I have seen for a bit, keep up the good work.
If coconut has hair and milk 
Why isn't it classified as a mammal
(Best Heath Ledger- Joker impression) You.. complete.. me
Ooh cocunut macaronis my favourite
"glue free"
3 fundo!?!? THE JERKY CIRCLE!!!! I Love this guy. Bwahahahahahaha.
was it so hard for you.... just to say moon?
I liked the poem, but where's the song at the end?!
FINALLY a new video
are u back for the summer bro?
the can opener condensed milk thing got me........
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA THEY LOOK SO DELICIOUS IM SO HAPPY THAT I COME HOME EARLY ON WEDNESDAYS
The rhyme fail at the end was excellent!
pouch of runes, ehem
wrow yunny
91,751st view
wrow yummy
Very good
* see's ysac upload* 
It's gonna be a great day :')
I made these for my 8th grade class once
 But My plans to share them with the class were shot down by school policies. So I ate all of them in one sitting while sobbing in bed.

Overall they're pretty good.

 10/10 would bake again
No song?! What has this channel become!?!?
Jk jk thumbs up
YES BUT WHERE IS MY SONG. I WANT A SONG AT THE END
I'm kinda disappointed that you have runes. Those attract evil spirits you know
When you didn't finish your rhyme with moon I died a little inside.
Top 1000
Quality content
10/10 would suck again
I love you man
I feel like you should have a show in Comedy Central
This guy is just the best
I can't understand the level of irritation I got from him not saying moon at the end
Damn me and my allergies to coconut and chocolate...
Where does he live
we dont deserve this channel
Finally
Cocada de leite condensado
no song ?
Is your friend 12 years old?
Do I hear a...

BONUS COOKIE?
I've been waiting for this I love your channel !
That can opener bit was probably the best visual gag I think he's ever done.
ha, no idea how you fit so much into a single video. youre my idol ysac
Bonus cookie > cookie
I miss Pimblokto and the carefree doggie
I'm slightly creeped out because today I bought coconut macaroons at the store for the first time, hours before I learned of this video
Damn that ending edit... Loved it!
high quality content
I've missed you.
Ive been using that recipe so much because i cant be botherwd with the egg stuff in every other recipe but whenever i tell anyone i use condensed milk theyre immediately ready to kill me
The jerky circle..I see what ya did there.
I guess today I don't suck at cooking
Are you suggesting that coconuts migrate?
Here’s some macaroons my goons
This vid is great
see ya next month!
I'll make your Macaroons and do all the things you suggest but I'll do it next month :)
Sweet baby cow food
I made a video of a spider and I if anyone is interested it’s on my channel
Can anyone tell me where I can buy snippy lever-knives?
Now you're finally ready to serve your macaroons
With a side of prunes
And maybe a bag of runes
And a handful of balloons
With 3 or 4 spoons
While listening to some tunes
In the afternoon
Until it becomes evening
And you can gaze up at (clear and apparent view of the moon)...the entire outer space region.
Seriously though, is there any occasion that doesn't go well with the French Fry rap?  It would be awesome if you did another rap video at some point!
Why is this episode so infuriating
I love how you listen to the French Fry Rap as well!  That is my JAM!
w a n g   j a n g l e
Love it ... gonna try it.. but I’ll buy the coconuts better... I’m bad at fishing. 😔
What a terrific video, i was on the edge of my seat from start to finish. Also im sad i've never tried making these, and resorted to store bought macaroons. You are an absolute poet!
Notification: 0
Masterpiece.
MOON Damn it
I maybe can do this one recipe
Analog delete button LOL
Yayyy
Now make macarons!
I really wanna know what this guy looks like
NO SONG D=
a comment
But what do you do if you hate coconut?
wtf no song?
when your homie shares a delicious baked good recipe! brofist
you actually don't suck at cooking tho
CLICKBAIT
Ah yes, my two favorite things; coconut, and mac
I love macaroons while gazing upon the entire outer space region.
Seriously.... dont know if your recipes are real or not.... been watching you lately though
Day made! 😂😂
Dude - YOU ARE A PRO!
Thank you for all that you do.
Wow. Illegal coconut harvesting? I’m calling the police.
Hey welcome back.
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
Thought he was going to rhyme with moon, boy was I bamboozled 😳
HOLY
I expected moon to end the rhyme. I’m very disappointed YSAC.
There is no “Space“ dude but funny video
Where's the song
You’ve returned yessss
Don't own a double broiler? Get a large bowl, fill it with boiling water, then place a smaller bowl inside of it and melt the chocolate in there.
You could just melt the chocolate by getting some water in the pot/pan and put a container with the chocolate in there so the chance of burning it is much less
If you dip the coconut and condensed milk mixture bars in to molten milkchocolate you will end up with bounty bars
He didnt say "moon", thats a missed opportunity ;v
When he opened that can it was both satisfying and existentially frustrating.
when he said "get these coconut shredded" i thought he was gonna make them do push-ups or something
we see his thighs, step by steps we will find you
Using a can opener... To open the side with the tab... I'm quite shocked really.
Yess love these videos
This dry comedy is the pinnacle of my life
MOOON!
this guy is ridiculously funny 💀💀
no song :((
laughed a lot at the bulge part
You know who would have made a badass macaroon? Pimblokto! Well, a giant damned mess, anyway. Come on, it's May! He should be thawed by now!
4k ysac
this isnt pasta at all
Today is a good day
Ur sooooooo funny
No ending song?
What state is this?
Hey did you die?
1:35 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*Inhales*HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOWOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
stabs himself with a sharp veggie


"OH YEAHHHH!!"
Let’s take a moment to realize how great his editing skills are
Why Is NO ONE Talking About Him Stabbing himself With The Parsnip
Did anyone else repeat BECAUSE BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING or was it just me?
no?
Okeh..
What's your favorite thing about carrots?
why are these so mesmerizing lmao
Your editing is amazing tbh
Someone in my class did a speech about how horrible carrots are
My 5 chihuahua's love carrots and freaked out while I watched this. You said "carrots" a lot.
I hope Judy decides to give you a second chance :-)
pupper pupper pupper
Tried making this and its frickin good
0:39 did that make anybody else uncomfortable?
My eyesight became 20/20 just from watching this video
You Suck at Cooking I used to be the suckiest person when it came to cooking but thanks to you I now make pretty good recipes! 😀 You have improved my confidence and what not, thank you again!!!!!
Anyone else got mad at themselves repeating after him?
Dude... how many dogs do you have??? Or do you foster dogs perhaps??
this was insanely good editing! i hope this gets onto trending and kicks all those other cooking channel's butts!

EDIT:





It did!!
Oh what a good dog!
can't take them on a plane now anymore
Has anyone acually tried making these? Because they actually look pretty tastey
Trying it now.  At 20 minutes they’re not  charred in slightest or done.  Maybe my oven temp or placement.  Moved it up a rack and increased 10°f.  Gonna take some messing around with to get right.  Your editing is amazing btw.  I sensed humor as well somewhere in there.
w r a s s l e
Favourite thing about carrots? "They are completely silent when blowing in the wind."
That song made me feel so good about everything. I just wanted you  to know that.
Best end song you've made. I want a full album of this stuff
“Carrots are Yum-my!! 
Inside your Tum-m   ou oke.. 





shure im fine no problem
The effects in the vid are awesome
Carrots are stabbydynamic 🤯
Hats off to you for making a hilarious Carrot cooking video. Great editing techniques.
Those editing skills are on point! Oh and the carrots look good too. But, HOW BOUT THAT EDITING!
I tried this, it's amazing. Add chopped garlic on top for more flavor.
100% allergic to carrots but I love this video anyway.
Omg!!!! Where have you been all my life!! You are now my favorite cooking channel!!! Thank you for your humor with cooking. Yyyaaaasssss
Omg that black dog is freaking adorable 🥰 💕
man that song is a real butt slapper.

never got so hyped about carrots!
"-So we're gonna take these things and put them in the water, right?
-WRONG!
-And why are we gonna do that?"
Because raw carrots are much more delicious than cooked?
"-Because baking is better than boiling!"



r/nononoyesno
Triple P????
I waited all this time for triple P???NO I WILL NOT STAND FOR IT. 
PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. I WANT PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. UNTIL NEXT TIME MY SON.
what happened last time?
you made a disgrace against Idaho
"Now you say it.... Baking is better than boiling"
the ending song is suspiciously similar to Pass the Peas (edit: by Maceo Parker)

I'm on to you, whysac
I have never been more hungry for a carrot..
"Yeshua / Jesus is the way "
So how many dogs do you have? Do you kidnap a new one for every video, or was your collection massive to begin with? 
Are you the best there ever was? Did you catch them all?
It's always a good day when YSAC uploads
You should start putting your music on spotify
Hands down the ending music was the best YSAC ever made
You Z U C C at cooking







Jk ur funny
You have to admit that this guy makes awesome music for a silly comedy video. That’s dedication
"Think about how your life would be different if you were a better man."
Not a day goes by where I don't think this.
Saw you on trending today and I am SO GLAD I found your channel!!! I’m obsessed with food and your editing style. 😍❤️🤗
Your dog is literally so FRIGGIN CUTE
How many dogs do you go through?
Ysac:Now You say it!!!
Me:...........silent.
I love how silent my room was when you said, “now you say it...” ya know
Anyone said "because baking is better than boiling."
I watched I enjoyed I re watched then without thinking about it I subscribed...😎 I found you thru Brian G Johnson 🎥
"And some triple P"
No pepper pepper pepper? Are you an imposter?
Snowy.... in April?
You dont sound like you live in the Southern hemisphere :D
Buy papa Murphy's stock instead
"Swing low sweet carriot" (Bugs Bunny ~1956)
oven breaks
Suddenly becomes a how to fix a broken oven video
Lmfao wtf is going on. I was thinking “these carrots must be amazing! Look at the views!”
The end song sounds like King Gizard and the Lizard Wizard
The outro songs are just sensational! 

Cheers from Spain :)
3:08 EFF YOU BUDDY ---------->
I just tried these.

They tasted excellent. You really have to cook the shit out of them to get the honey to caramelize. About 30 min in my case.
My bday was 26th and i love ysac for giving me the best present ever! Thank you!

Even if it was unintentional.
WHERE ARE ALL OF THESE DOGGOS COMING FROM!?


...
I'm not complaining btw
This ode to carrots is more beautiful and heartfelt than any compliment I've ever received. You truly are a blessed genius . Wish I was a vegetable
You Sound a bit Like 2d from gorillaz in your Final song
and this is my favorite end jingle jangler, Rnsdy would be proud. Cleveland is Scanitdada... It is a good things...
drink more ovalteen and listen to am radio. 
Rooster and rollercoasters.. come on Sandy...Spongbob loves Annie
Carrots are yummy, in your.... digestive system.

Duh, what else would it be in?
I love ur sense of humour and editing
If you didn’t say “because baking is better than boiling” you’re going to hell
I HAVE THAT WALLPAPER! (oh and nice video, great job) :P
Dude I just stumbled across your channel, I live watching cooking videos and you're are incredible ! I love your editing and your humor 10/10
Wait so these are SUGARLESS CARROTS?!?!
Missed you 😭❤️ you back
You sound so positive despite telling me that I suck
I just want to put it in a bun and feed it to my friend saying "it's a sausage"
Best end credit song thus far. Bravo!  Is your EP finally gonna surface on the darkweb soon?
Did anyone didn’t say “baking is better than bowling” the first time, so you skip back 10 seconds and said it the second time 😂
Thanks bro. Just started my gear review channel, and there is "YSAC" inspired content here and there. Your ideas, and execution are amazing. Thanks again.
Be careful, eating carrots is more dangerous than swallowing swords D:
triple p
TRIPLE P?!?!?!!!!
WOW
This video is hilarious!! How have I not seen your videos before? Super quality 👌🏻 sub!
am I the only one that found it funny that the parshiv wasn't lined up when it was stabbed through his arm?
(I probably am)
Your dog has a question. If you ask what the question is, and answer it, he will put his ear down.
You ok man?
Thought not
Carrots are yummy
inside your DIGESTIVE SYSTEM
I'm making these with baked cauliflower😊
I really want an album off all your end themes! XD
"The sixty, err, head to toe position." I'm never going to look at carrots the same way again.
You are so creative and funny
I can see how much effort you put into making these videos for us and I applaude you
Thank you so much
LOVED how you edited this!!❤❤❤ My brother shared this with me😊
Carrots are fidget spinners
i clicked on this cuz i wanted a carrot recipe dont feel like i got one sufficiently 4/5 stars
The section with the big ass carrots and walking the land with the lonely acoustic guitar in the background was so perfect, I rewatched it three times.
you make me excited to eat vegetables, thanku 

i hated cooked carrots but these look good as hell
What a masterpiece! I love your content :)
Did you peel them before baking???
This video is just like gold with 


24 carrots
This is one of my favorite songs of this channels
singalong!  
"Carrots Are Yummy!  
In Your digestivesystem."   hahaha
Dude, just how many dogs do you have? 😂😂
You’re amazing, man. As always.
How is pemblockto?
Dangerous videos to binge when I need to go to bed
absolutley incredible, so solid,
 great job
I loved seeing fast boi playing around.
Could one use butter if one has no olive oil? and is 400 F° or C°? I would guess F° because daaamn
I laughed so hard when he tried to turn on the oven
The music components of these videos are my absolute favorite. Subbed
You are very creative. I haven’t seen a channel like this in awhile. Your humor is so original man. Just found your channel keep it up :)
Because baking is better than boiling
I can't sometimes hahaha Love your videos :)
Even if you had been a better man, it wouldn't have worked out with Judy. She was a two-bit hooker who didn't appreciate your cooking suckiness. ☺️
oh my god at the follow along text with the stupid carrot 😂

also it looks delicious i"m proud of you
Biblically correct-sized carrots lol also... is this the same guy that does the casually explained series? Sounds just like him
I'm alergic to carrots but this just makes me want to eat one even though I'll die cause the way he presents this is just great
My little brother (4yrsold) was actually trying to throw carrots on the wall after watching this video.
Did anyone else think the ending song sounded like Gorillaz? I mean, the telephone/megaphone voice sounds kinda like 2D.
i actually got quite hungry from that




Or that i just skip Breakfast
is this a cooking lesson or a tutorial on making magic tricks?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Both!
He took the time to boil some water to not use the water that's both good for us but bad for the environment
Wait you can eat carrots?! Why didn’t I know this....
Standing ovation "one biblically sized carrot"
This channel has more singing and poetry than cooking. 

Please don’t attack me with replies
With every video I watch, the thought of marrying you keeps on haunting me.. 😇 !!!
I love how when searching for a legit roasted carrot recipe you find this first.
THAT BABY CARROT TWIST INTO BIBLICALLY CORRECT SIZE CARROT WAS FLAWLESS
Directions unclear; am now vegan.
I've lost track of the number of dogs appearing in your vids
Number 2 on trending, congrats :3
Can they be eaten raw?
man those are the pointiest carrots ive ever seen
Legit just made these two hours after watching this. Amazing. Tasty.
i've never watched a video from this channel before but that was amazingly unexpected: subbed
How many dogs do you have mate? I swear I've seen aboot 4 different ones in your videos.
So apparently I got in subbed from this channel. Literally didn’t even know about the last two videos posted and found this one on trending. I even had notifications on
Baking is better than boiling 😀😀agree👍👍
Much information... so amaze... all the fuds!!!!
Admire the sheen, absorb the essence, feel the warmth...carrot, by Calvin Klein 😂
OMG YOU CAN EAT KNIVES
♫ carrots are yum-my ♫
♫ inside your digestive system ♫
What?! I also say four-hundo!
I dont have Carrots, are Vegtable Spirit Horns fine too?
Is that dog a Belgian Shepherd? I Love that breed, living with one myself.
I recommend adding Thyme
Hands down best episode
Cute dog 😃
Your dog is absolutely adorable, love the one floppy ear
Your editing is on point dude 👌
I CLICKED ON THIS FASTER THAN MY GRADES ARE DROPPING
As soon as he said “feel the warmth” I started feeling colder
Is anyone else still curious about the puppy from the macaroni video? I need to know that it's ok : (
Y do I watch you win I'm starving
Enough of the haters, triple-p is a solid name
I dont think ive ever laughed quite so hard at someone turning on an oven
I didn’t say the baking thing and it was weird lmao
can we have the last carrot song on Spotify pls
I found this video both inspiring and offending at the same time.







Since my last name is ya know......
2:26 seriously, is nobody gonna admire the how beatiful that is?
This channel is the true art form 👌🏻
It's painfully obvious that you're Canadian.
Is that a border collie mix? <3
this video made carrots sound SWEEEEET😂 no but for real. I like the extras... so funny
TERRADYNAMIC

You're welcome!
This is the best episode in a while
ayyyy 2 trending great job bro☺
EFF YOU BUDDY --------------->
I was expecting a normal cooking video. His was way better than that 😂. I loved this.
Nice bass line.  You play often?
Even when cooking alone, I still say Pepper pepper pepper out loud.
Where do you live
The environment in your video's is zo beautiful and diverse
If carrots were guns there would be an outcry. 🤔
Congrats on trending my friend
Why cant u just take the leaves off and cronch away????
*notification from ysac
INSTANT CLICK
How dare you boiling is not just cooking but it’s art
Omg snow ❄️
Re




I'm
Thumbs up if you want him to make a collab with Gordon Ramsay..
that dog is beautiful :) what's the name ?
Instructions unclear stabbed my eye out
SoMEONE decided to post again...I c u m8
Who also repeated “baking is better than boiling”?
Inside your tummy digestive system
dood can we get an album for all your songs? I love ur vids bee tee dubs
Carrots they grow so fast 😂😂😂 








Get it...
I love your videos so much. They are actually the only thing that makes me smile.
great stuff!!!
And it looks damn yummy!
I found this to be funny.   I was entertained.   Well worth the free.
Hey what's up doc?🐇
You remind me of my colleague ... he’s a cool guy 😎
I just found this, i love when he tried to start up the oven lmao!
This vid in particular had such a good vibe
This guy is seriously genius.
Me, whispering hesitantly; because baking is better than boiling
The ending song reminded me so much of Neil Cicierega :D
I am lightly disappointed in myself for not saying "because baking is better than boiling"
am i the only one who thinks this guy seems hot?
Man your editing skills are impressive
Is it just me or does this guy sound like casually explained
Do you have shirts that say, “pepper pepper peppa” or “wang janglin” I need some YSAC swag!
The song at the end is lit
“maybe they’ll be a little more comfortable if we put them in the sixty-ni— the, uh, head to toe position.”

the...sixty what??
sticks are just wood carrots for dogs
No wangjangling, I'm pissed. Sure, we had some fancy-ass x-wrastling, but then we also got "Triple P", which is an affront of the highest order. But then, puppers. What a roller-coaster.
Sick one up your. A-Hole. 💩
You are funny and dope.. You need your own show.. Good luck with it all.
And now you say it silence great! 😂
I got worried when you said "take 'em out to the barn..."
I actually use your videos for cooking sometime. It actually turns out pretty good most of the time.
That frickin wall was really useful
Do you guys ever wonder  how old is you suck at cooking?
Does he have a girlfriend?
Is he in college? 
These are lives biggest questions he should do a q and a
DONT FORGET TO BOTH CROSS-WRASSLE AND SIDE-WRASSLE
Is it just me or does he get a new dog like every 3 or 4 videos?
This is so beep hilarious! xxxxd
"One biblically correct sized carrot." lol.
My moms making hunybunch rice krispys and its really good
My favorite thing of carrots??? Inject blended carrot in my body
4 ＨＵＮＤＯ
a serial killers main weapon is dual carrots
I know this is on the wrong video but how can I play the Pesto song on guitar?
Wait, why did he try to turn on the burner if he was gunna use the oven?????????😑
My god thank you so much for that intro
BECAUSE BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING
just found out a carrot is a better dagger than a titanium razor sharp dagger .
Who else said aloud “Because baking is better than boiling”.
totally SUCC
This one hit my top 5!
One of my top 10 channels of all time, mixes 3 amazing things, music, comedy, and cooking.
You’re amazing
WOW! Who knew? Ground root vegetables. 
I was under the impression they came from car wrecking yards?
That was excellent and now I know how to jump start my onion! I can do two things
I'm allergic to honey, what can I use instead to cancel out the sugar?
This channel pairs nicely with regular car reviews
This channel is basically HowToBasic but he actually makes something edible
You kinda remind me of Tina from bobs burgers
This make me so happy. thank you. you are the best!
The outro songs make me think he's actually a member of King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard...
Why is your carrot so thin and long? My carrot is thick but short
Wuss poppin?  Good job on getting on trending.  Also, you should get Pimblokto a collar with a bell, so you can tell if he's in the kitchen again.  Unless he legit died.
You're such a mystery genius
You are the most amazing YouTuber EVER. You can sing, cook, make people laugh, edit, write songs, and so on.
I hate carrots, these better taste good
The parshiv scene >~<
"the sixty... nudlskdhdnejs head to toe position"
B I G C H U N G U S W A N T S T O K N O W Y O U R L O C A T I O N
BEST PART: Your pooch!
I have never been this early and I am still late.
That was your best song ever and I hope you make more in this style!
Pimbloktoe took over i think 
Those big ass carrots tho lol
FROM, WHERE DID U GOT THOSE BIG CARROTS CHERNOBYL ?
Ah I love this! How did I not find this account earlier !
*liked while the video is still loading *
Your dog kinda looks like a corgi from the side 😂
“Admire the Sheen”
Am I the only one that said “baking is better than boiling!”....?
Carrots are yummy is now my elevator humming music, and it kinda reminds me of Brad Neely
boi thats a thiccc carrot
A little bit of Cardi B salt can go a long way!
Great..now I'm hungry at the middle of the night
I always keep a set of jumper cables next to the stove, never know when you might need to jump start the oven. 😁😁😁😁
lil pro tip for ya, add some soy sauce
How many dogs do you have? This is like the 3rd one I've seen. I hope your other doggos are doing okay!
Carrots are better than parshivs
Congrats on #3 trending!!
I actually made these and it was really nice! My parents asked for the recipe but got confused when I showed them this video.
I'm so jealous of your long stabby carrots
The best way to absorb a vegetable's nutrients is by stabbing the vegetables into your arm
I jabbed the Subscribe button about 30 seconds into the video, and kept giggling through the rest. Now to binge-watch the archives!
BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING 
EVERYONE!
if that was clover honey you deserve no subs
HOW DID YOU DO THE ARM PART
Dayum that stove sounds sick, its a v8 ?
I cant relate with the oven issue, my oven is a Tesla Electic
Those carrots ended up looking really good tbh
This is the first video that I have seen of this channel and I'm so hooked.
Snow in April? Sure you've done this a long time ago and didn't post
Cgi snow in April? Slow editor? Lives in a refrigerator?
Dude how many dogs do you have?
3d on trending 100% for that outro
I tried this recipe and forgot to wrassle em around...
sixty ni... uh, head to toe position. LmAo 2:01
0 dislikes. This is America being great again
And now you say it silence great!
I think you have the best cooked carrots ever
He said sixty nine 
Position
This guy has a theme like buttered side down
“undos on four hundo”
That stab scene was amazing
hits 1 million subscribes
stops uploading
head to toe p o s i t i o n
This channel is basically Howtobasic but without the crazy stuff & Scream
0:43 Huh ok normal for this guy
Wow nice video, it's been a long while since I watched. I'm impressed.
I sent this to my mom, thinking she would enjoy the recipe, and she confronted me shortly after asking why she sent me "a weird guy playing with carrots".
I actually watched this. It was funny. I'm going to bake now!
These videos are the best. They are both funny and creative. Well done!
Bruh I just wanted to know how to cook carrots😂😂
YSAC can pick an apple from an orange tree and make the best darn lemonade you've ever tasted
0:55 LoL
I'm thinking 'bout Judy.

I have never had an important Judy in my life, but I think 'bout her.
yo ive never seen this and this guy is hilarious.
i tried this its really good
Me after watching: (goes home and fries carrots)
Wait what is that white stuff on the ground outside in your video?!
Possibly the best thing ever. The video series, that is. Haven’t done the carrot thing yet. I’ll get there though. 🥕
you have to be the same dude that does casually explained...
you got snow i dont got that :[
Thank you for your hilarious videos!!!!!!!!!
Yaaaaaaas carrots....yaaaas
What kind of carrots I should get?
Sometimes your vids have a more sad undertone, but this time it was just good fun :D
I only have carrots so here I am
This is my new favorite!
That song got stuck in my head for days.
"Carrots are yummy
Inside your digestive system"

Didnt expect that lol
lol this guy is hilarious af ,,he is soo fonnie
bass groove breakdown     CARROTS. ARE. YUMMY. INSIDE..YOUR...T-DIGESTIVE SYSTEM.
I would like to see a collaboration with Mika.
Geodynamic
I guess that I will have to be more careful around parsnips from now on.

I cut my finger dealing with a carrot yesterday, I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if I had been preparing parsnips.
“Maybe they’ll be a little more comfortable if you put them in a sixty-n... head to toe position” 😂😂😂
SHARE THE LOVE W DOGGO
Hey, what kind of dog do you have, theyre beautiful.
I tried making these but after throwing teh carrots against the wall for hours, they ended up pureed :( they turned into a nice soup at least
I think pumpkins are the better of the orange things
Wow I love this already my new Favorite Channel
That landscape is so pretty
when is the soundtrack being released?
"good job everybody"
Bit of triple p 👍🏻💫
I've never seen your channel before. Now I'm an instant fan!
I'm having a strojk
What breed is your dog? I rly love your doggo 😍
Ondo on forhundo
"carrots are yummy, inside your t̶u̶m̶m̶y̶  digestive system" lmao
Omg my new fav channel 😂😂😂
Carrots are yummy 
In your digestive system
Yes. He's back to being weird and quirky.
I've literally never said this before but that is 4 minutes of my life I will never get back. &*%@
kiwami japan made the sharpest pasta knife, I wonder if he can make the sharpest carrot knife
Doggo!!!
This guy sounds like Bob Belcher
sounds like a Breath of the wild recipe
Why are you missing so many knives? Did you just use all of them, because that would make sense. 1:14
Whomever did that to you is going to be tried for "parsnonious assault."  The investigators will dig up dirt on them...
You can't even roast a carrot. 
Log off.
The world needs this channel more than 4 minutes every 2-3 weeks. We love you.
His narration is funny as hell xD
SOOOO GOOD
I would like to hear a song collaboration between YSAC and NakeyJakey.
...
triple p
I have to say your a good editor (or you have a good editor)
Eff you right back, buddy!
This is the content that I browse YouTube for hours for. :D
Thanks for the great subtitles!
when u gonna release ur album
Gordon Ramsays Secret Son
Hahh. Wtf is this channel?? I was expecting the same basic artsy angles and straight forward instructions I always seem to find on my quest for better cooking skills. You're ridiculous and wonderful. Thanks for the unabashedly silly content :D
Honey roast my carrot daddy 😩
Woah... That's liked a p*rn star carrot!
I enjoy your originality
How is it that most of the stuff you make looks really good?
4K crashed my youtube
When I heard the carrot song I automatically subscribed
Dang...my carrots look all mutilated. :(
That corgi crossbreed ( I’m assuming it’s part corgi) it’s so Cute!
Still waiting for a debut album
When you started saying "pepper pepper pepper" did you know that it would be your downfall
A collab with Tobuscus??? Could that be a thing???
I actually got scared for a second when he stabbed himesellllf
Where does this man keep getting different dogs from??!
I wish I knew about this channel a year ago these videos are so well made ahaha
"Or you can put them in the sixty nin- uh I mean the head-to-toe position." xD
AHHHH 666K views I’m ded
He’s actually pretty good at cooking
He said “triple P” not pepper pepper pepper :/
An entertaining video about throwing carrots in the oven. That includes no honey, oil, pepper, etc.
That's EXACTLY why I just can't... re: parsnips
i wanna live were you live!! Beautiful country side :)
Dude. You’re hilarious and creative
#13 on trending WOOOOOIII
I geeked when u said triple p 😂😂😂😂😂
Is all this guys videos this funny/awkward
I'm in love with this man! and the carrots...and the dog..and everything about this video
I often think about judy, and what might've happened had I been a better man.
You got a sub this was hilarious.
On the same onion
"Maybe it would be a little more comfortable if we put them in the sixty ni- At the head to toe position."
The dog rules. "It's all up to you!"
in the sixty-n. the head to toe position
You make quality vids
Wow this video is still on trending! :o
This is a really great video
omg.  that beautiful dog looks so much like my beautiful fur baby, who passed last summer.  even the odd ears. <3
You should do a video on chicken wiiiings
I really thought this looked good but had to bail after I realized this guy had no intention on shutting up. Probably a great cook but comedy, NO!
"Because Baking is Better than Boiling" There. I said it.
Do you ude regres or C
I love this channel so much, but omg! Such a beautiful dog :) Great job, thanks for all the effort in those vids, they are the best !
this episode is like what schizophrenia feels like
Are carrots orange
Is carrots sugar free
Why not some browwwwn suuuugar😊
Best episode
Wow!!  Those look soooo good...... thanks.
He sound very similar to Jordan Schlansky
"put them in the sixty niiii......head to toe position"😂
I found it corny as hell. The cooking part was cool. The rest... I fast forward through the whole thing. Total idea minute was enough. Not entertained at all.
add dijon to the honeyed carrots and you basically have the way I always cook them, sometimes I use brown mustard..
That Par-shiv™ was so well done, damn.
I suddenly want to buy a dodge.
Done when he went under the hood 😂
Stupid sense of humor but liked the editing
i like boiled carrots more
1:11 boiling carrots helps break down the walls that surround the nutrients, making it easier for the body to digest *
This god somehow found out how to combine shitposting with cooking.
Thats a 14/10 doggo
what do I care about carrot aerodynamic
The amount of creativity in this video carrot be measured
"Think about judy"😂
People really sit though the whole video?
Everything about this video is awesome! I wish I could hear the rest of the song!
I made these last night and OMLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
because baking is better than boiling
2:29 ok that was actually kinda badass
Has anyone actually tried his recipes
Do they Have to show the bloody arm chopping ? It hurts me to see it, probably most people subliminally and more importantly it instantly reveals what you don’t want viewers to assume about the content creator. I also like your 35 unbelievable cooking hacks video, keep up the good work.
Ahhh I've always loved your editing
Can the honey be replaced with maple syrup? Or does that not work ? Great video 🐰
How are people freaking out about the triple P when obviously the real problem here is the lack of cinnamon??
This channel is awesome
I miss uncle Marc.
Those are some skinny carrots
its honestly great how casually funny you are!
Where does he live? Still snow?
how did ypu that your arm veggie piercing stuff, i want to try it
YSAC:Now you say it.
* Shows a sentence *
Me:I'm not saying it.
How to make ramen
Not only can I see a culinary career blooming, I also see a musical career too. This guy's going places.
You never let me down. I mean the music
I've actually learnt how to make so many things from your videos
TRENDING #2 ♥️
I like it when you add fluffy bears to the end of your videos. Nice job.
I literally can not say anything else, cooking is trash actually I dont know whatevs
Look up FluuMP you sound exactly like him
PLEASE UPLOAD MODE VIDEOS.
What is the original song of the end?
The dog laying down in a freezing river at the end is such a beast
Somehow his randoms songs remind me of phineas and ferb
Because boiling is better than baking
The song at the end is my favorite one so far. Other than the squash one. That one is a close second.
Anyone wonder where he gets these dogs from?
No?
Just me....
Ok
First video I watched from this channel. Subscribed. YT finally doing it's job.
I thought he was telling the pot to say it I'm dumb asf 😂
Sometimes when im home alone. I go to my backyard, cover myself with dirt, and pretend im a carrot.
thanks u really inspired me to get up and feed my starving stomach instead of binge watching utube stuff
Because baking is better then boiling!
i want a video of all the YSAC ending songs together
That part with starting the oven. This was awesome.
Can't believe he spent the time to remember or learn what the 3 classes of levers were
This guy watches a lot of south park.
Yeah, this infomercial was great, I just bought a couple carrots.
The guy who makes the videos trending in YouTube is a fan of YSAC
DOGGO <3
I wish YSAC would just admit that he loves subverting rhyming in songs already. After binging every episode in a day, it's pretty obvious.
0:38 holy parshit
This is really well made
Everything you make looks so delicious i don't even like carrot
So like, do you borrow your friend’s dogs or do you secretly run a kennel in your backyard?
I'm about to make some honey roasted carrots right now even though I suck at cooking thanks for reminding me, I'm gonna go cry while I cook.
"Carrots are yummy inside your digestive system"
What do I do of god intended for my carrots to be thicc and juicy?
Where are you from? Your pronunciation of words is odd to me.
More vids more often please!!!!!
Hey stop play with your food!!!! 😂
Very, Very good Doggo
That dog seems pretty cool.
Look at you and your Shenandoah Pyrex.....nice ;)
All of his videos are always trending when they come out! & it upsets me that he only has 1 million subs ): HE DESERVES MORE!
This video has what’s probley my favorite song from this series
Watching while taking a dump.
6ty Naiiii... Head to Toe position....  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Carrots are ground dynamic
The glorious weapon the parshiv
No aquabaking today??
I love my cooking skills being dragged by you my love
I NEED a face reveal
You never start a sentence with because xDDD
Wait what? Can somebody explain to me why this is so entertaining? Like what??😂
I love carrots because they are the same color as me
>memes!
I just made these, and let me tell you, this is all kinds of legit.
Editing level god
I love snow
Love this channel 😂
Tell your dog i said hi for me please.
is he be serious or just joking or both
3:22
 i just lke the song
you're my favorite youtuber
WRASTLING
I cooked these and they are good! They are more filling then you would think as well, although they are better as a side dish.
I cracked up at 2:06
This is awesome
I love the gorillaz esque song at the end.
There helthy
Sugar-free carrots are my go-to
You might want to check the distributor on your oven or it could be a bad alternator
🤣🤣🤣👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
You should make a behind the scenes video
I liked the part with the cooking and the carrot.
The best part of the video one hundo percento the dogo
Congrats on #14 trending!
I wanted to laugh. I came here. I thank you.
2.6k views, 5.8k likes... this is 200% perfect!
I love this
Man is a national treasure
Hay ysac make mofongo
Pepper pepper pepper*
Rock paper carrot
That was a good song, 5/5 would listen again
I'm making this tonight, ingredients ready!
Your dog is amazing
So much better than the April fools day video!
Those look so delicous..
Fun fact: these videos take so long because YSAC has to think up lyrics for a song at the end.
For some reason I had a sudden urge to say good dog while alone in my room
he's pretty SURE-gar
Doggies want muncho
Baking. Is. Better. Than. Boiling.
its always so satisfying to watch those videos of yours
And put them in the sixty remembers Demonitiseation up and down position
Na nanana nana nanannana
Congrats on 4th trending
That do is a good boy
please make doggie biscuits for your good pupper
Where do you live bruh, it is beautiful there
I'M BOILING IT
God I love these videos 😂😂😂
This video almost make me eat healthy...Hah nice try but no😥😥😥
Quite informative🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕
So funny!!!
Love the wood burner..lol
i don't see the point in carrots
Great! Now you say it
I sit silenyly
Great!
IS THAT A CARROT
Hey eff you buddy
Nice of jack white to help you with the outro
Love the doggy and his stick. 😆
Why are carrots number 2 trending
I like the way you roll. I mean commentary videos
“Because baking is better than boiling!” Am I the only one who said that out loud?
Haha, this video is amazing!
ilmao
Died at "carrots are yummy inside your digestive system"
I suggest also spicing up with cinnamon and ginger. Carrots make also great combination with fresh thyme, fresh rosemary and fruity syrups/liquors such as amaretto. Great side dish to any boring steak. YUM.
I said it in my mind
I want to know more about "Judy" what went wrong with the relationship? Did she leave you for another woman? Usually what happens..
HIT THAT👌
i was eating a parshiv then i noticed the parshiv had pierced my throat
This guys hella funny 😂
Succ
I swear you are the new how to basic with words
Where you live is nice and your pets are cute
I like this its funny imma show everyone i know
Never heard of honey roasted carrots  before.
Now YSAC, have you heard of purple carrots? They're the best type of carrot and they serve as an emergency lipstick!
Where tf you get a 10 pound carrot wtf
Doggo with big stick!
Damnit I was happy to have something on youtube I can watch with my niece and you had to go stab your damn arm! (too little, gets freaked out)
Why is this on 2nd trending? 😂
If I use neuropathic carrots will the results be the same?
I THINK I FOUND JESUS.
You didn't say I suck at the end :(
Just from the cooking songs, I respect what I assume is your taste in music
Your dog is really cute
Cool vid
love these videos, and the song at the end was a total banger
That dog tho! Awwwww
Because Baking is better than boiling

proceeds to bake pasta
Much better than last time.
How to basic 2.0
Hhhmmmmmm.....I think I like the idea of these honey roasted carrots.
The bass in the ending
Why is it so snowy in June Antarctica??????????????????????????
I have never laughed so hard at a carrot lol
Carrots are really GOOD...steamed for 15 minutes and drizzled with real butter...or fake butter, carrots are good and good for you. But, don't OD on them because you will turn orange and look like a Oompa-Loompa.
you should collaborate with imaginary ambition
I got to the "think about Judy" step and forgot to finish cooking the carrots.
That ending was a bop tho
I still can’t get over the use of a BELL pepper in the windchime
Clever
The only thing which is better to boil is pasta. I can't think of any other scenario.
The hell don’t tho guy have millions of views
0:07 is that a bear
2:02 Damn dude that joke went over my head.
I love the sixtyni-head to toe position
There is only one God and his name is Jesus. Accept him as Lord and savior.
They are quiet because they are ninjas jk
This mofo could be a musician
I like the eff u buddy carrot
Ahahaha!!!! I love this!!!
I love your vids
Hes great at transitions
I like how silly but educational this is 😂
I suck You Love At Cooking!
I love your videos keep it up
I love you thank you guy
Maybe they'll be more comfortable in the sixtyni... Head to toe position.
are these actully recipis
Im always thinking about Judie.
Judie...
I´m the only one who believes that he lives in the middle of the woods in a cabin?
who actually said it XD
Number 2 on trending!!
I have made quite a few cooking videos... but I dont know that I will ever make a carrot specific video. BTW rabbits don't even like them.
I love this music at the end of the video
this is just the best youtube video.
😂😂😂😂
The onion's on four hunion.
I just found this guys yt channel and I LOVE THIS GUY!!!!
Baking is better than boiling!
bro i love the song
Now That is a good dog
Can u do a vid on cakes?
Are you sad the Leafs lost last night?
Who is this guy? I think I love him...
frame ticket theory military cat agent suck either
Made these last night. Actually pretty good
bacon?  BACON!!
I feel like this isn’t even a cooking video it’s just hilarious 😂
This makes me question carrots
the cure for the common carb
Want to keep the vitamins? Turn the boiled vegetable water into a soup or sauce!
60... head to toe hahaha
Dude why don't you pin freaking comments
thats my new club jam
😂🤣😃😄
Best dam video ever
Yay the trending show
5th
Lol this is great
Que??
Love my comment
HOW DOES HE HAVE A DIFFERENT DOG IN EVERY SINGLE EPISODEEE
WEEE FIRST
what's up, doc?
My expectations get higher n higher videos after videos how can  this hZAPAN ARGREXGVCCZ
No Vegan food? :(
This is all good advice
Tell me why I should sub to this channel
BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING!!!!
Wow that was so unexpectedly funny haha
The song at the end.  Dying.  Dead.  💀 😂
Can someone send amazon link to triple P?
I didn't say it
I beta carotene this would be a fun one, but I didn't tell her for whom the belle time tolled.
Who are you paying to be on the trending page every time you post a video
I love the doggo
Great content, but a little disappointed with your neglection of "pepper pepper pepper"
Am I the only one that said "baking is better than boiling?"
Raw is the true way of carrots
Wait can you bake ramen?
I just found our this channel. And now im confused
Oh shit yee boi is on trending..
BLOOD WARNING
What a good dooooooggg!
Great effects, great music.  Awesome video.
I’m screaminnnnggggg😂😂😂😂😂 he really started it like a can engine. Like why the heck 😂😂😂that’s so funny!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂
0:40 how did you even do that
About to make this for my family tonight. Hope it turns out good!
one biblically correct size carrot
9th on trending!
The song is sooooo good!!!
Make a cake
I love you
Why do old ysac videos keep showing up even though I've never seenb them on his channel even though I've seen like every video. Like wtf
Lmao his ovens a car
Ur amazing
This is the only show with passion on the ‘trending’ tab
trending!
Has Pimblokto thawed yet?
You suke at cooking
This video is so beautiful
Wangjangle me
I though I was safe watching this guy but then Justin Y. Was hear
Have you done a fave reveal? Love your vids.
Onion
puppyyyyyyyyy
Am i the only one wondering on how manny carrots was wasted making this video!?
You really did cus a lot in your first few videos
He sounds like Bob from Bob's burgers
You can eat these things
I really did like that song at the end though
Does this actually taste good
that song is better than b&b
How do you find a different dog to film for every video?
I gotta few concerns
Your a cookedian
🥕Trending! Nice!
Can tell u don't eat parsnips. U can't pronounce it. I lOve them but they cost twice what carrots do.
How is this 5 on trending 😂
Does he work for an animal shelter or something? He's gone through like 5 outro dogs in 4 years.
2:32 my sense of humor nowadays
1st time, liking and following! I do suck at cooking, I need more tasty stab-worthy food.
ararararahrahrahrharahrah
These carrots are ultimate
#2 on trending Woooo Hoooooo
Why can I smell this video
Kind of a more formal howtobasic
the sixty ni... head to toe position lol
I think I'm going to make these
Bahahhaha
That wall is permanently stained
Honey and brown sugar carrots are good, you should do that
trending, wow.
Are you canadian?
It’s like 11pm and this make me hungry wat do I do.....
The hand stab nice
also 2;26
i love this channel
If you eat this dish you'll gain super vision within 4 hours.
The stabbiest. Hhhuuugghhh!!! 😂
Is it a coincidence that the carrot chime had a BELL pepper in the middle
Why does the song remind me of beck
Awesome video - subscribed !
I love the internet.
I love you.
E F F   Y O U   B U D D Y
I don't know why, but I cracked up when the big carrots came in. Haha
Do u live in Canada?
lol very creative (:
Parsnip scene is great special effects!
This is all just a front so I get mad that I dont have a dog >:(
Still better rhymes than Ricegum.
Still no autograph
#4 on trending!!!!!
I just realized how weird carrots are
O bet its good.
What a gOod bOi at the end
Don't use syrup as a substitute...
I like it, especially the bit of the horse at the end
This channel has the old school YouTube feel
sniffs lemon
I don’t like carrots but these actually seem good
Daduq is triple P
terradynamic
Is it me or do you always seem to have a new dog?
Carrots are yummy.. Inside your digestive system lol I thought you were going to say tummy
I steam my carrots
“Put then in the sixty- I mean in the head to toe position (insert lenny here)”
🥕🥕🥕
O fock I was making carrots like plantains and all kind of things and now here you are making carrots ,thanks for the recipe
Im watching this and eating chips from the store 😭
Those look good lol
Those carrots got roasted bruh
Wastage of time
Trending again! Good job!
Sooooo good
🍯 roasted carrots
No I don't
0:39
PePpEr PePpEr PePpEr
Nice editing
What were the chords he played when doing the carrot cowboy thing
Par-shiv 😂
"Widdle them down to the size god intended them to be," lol.
Carrots are yummy
They stab
Im so triggered he used digestive system instead of tummy
carrots roasted... nice
This was such an entertaining video!
Sammmmmmme tho
I don't really like carrots but this video made me want to eat some
😂👏🏽
PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
🤤🤤
When he didn’t say pepper pepper pepper my heart sunk
Where tf do u live?
Loool
i love them
Those look good 😍
It looks good actually.
Carrots aren't that good no matter how you dress them up. The Italians make a carrot sauce for pasta that's pretty good.
Nicesss haha
Rawr
Please make a gyro!
Kind of reminds me of howtobasic lol, I like it
Those carrots look damn good.
I'm making this right now
0:38
Congrats on trending! :)
CARROT
I like the sneaky bell pepper pun
#2 on trending!!!!!
Those sucking carrots were huge 😂
#2 trending....
isnt that a parsnip?
Where have you've been
OOOOF
honestly,how many dogs do you have?
These look really really good! I want to make some now. I can't stand honey, but if it's mixed in with a bunch of other strong flavors I don't mind it. Maybe I'll try to just use a tiny bit. Seems like it really adds to the flavor.
I will kill u with my " carrot"
Very weird shit but alot its something to laugh at, if ur 5
get you a man that can cook
You sound just like Mrs Beast
Hilarious!
Sound effects lol
You need a TV show of your own.  I love your videos. I want Pepper Pepper Pepper! I bet Kanye West follows you. BTY: I am a conservative. :->
try not to read this comment


like if you didn't
Just curious, is there a schedule of vids or just random surprises?
doggo
Nasty....
This looks good
Your dog has one sock
Goofy AF
Likes song
wonder if anyone he knows comes and eats his food then say it's delicious and want the recipe and he basically shows them how he does it
Why I am watching this video, i hate Carrots 🥕
put them in the sixxtee.. head to toe position
that was funny
Sixty ni- uh um head to toe position
I'm a rebel I don't listen to anyone even me
Carrot commercial
6666
This is pretty funny. I got one for ya! Bacon wrapped brown sugar carrots smoked on a grill. The process is WAY lengthier and less funny than yours because of my lack of editing.
#2 on trending!!!
so you are pink guy + howtobasic
Am I the only one who though the carrots looked like sausages?
ooooo
🥕
Dude whats that song
lol
Well, that was random. Awesome. Funny. Educational. Still random..
Didn't know you had an indie band
Léver
The end song is not bad
lol looks tasty 😋
epic
What is the song at the end?
How bored are you
He almost said 69.
It's not that often but Judy still does cross my mind......
...
why u use the word like suck?what's mean of this?
I didn’t realize he was Canadian until abote now.-Very few will get what I just did......
BECAUSE BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING
Ow?
Alaska
Must have thrown carrots too hard - ended up julienned.
Mmm sugar free carrots!
Smol
God damn them BBC carrots
BECAUSE BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING
That ending song is sick
I wish I could cook like this.
I want to try it out
Great video 👍.
What breed is that dog
hilarous
I’m so hungry stop
I’m going to be new Justin y. Suck it
Did he get a new onion?
I didn't say it :/
did i said it raight?
I'm going to go eat carrots now
baby carrots are bad for you because they have been run through a bleach liquid when peeled
oh cool
Why is this 8 on trending?
HEY! nice dog.
The seasoning is so confusing
Where do I get the song
those carrots look gr8 and im glad someone agrees parsnips are an inherently stabby vegetable
Let me guess:  
Random outdoor shots  
Use ingredients in unconventional ways  
Lazy puns
Props/editing tricks for more puns and unconventional uses of ingredients
"Undos on four hundo"  
Throw/hit/crush food to make into smaller bits  
Some weird dig at the way people cook/prepare ingredients 
Underwhelming result that doesn't really justify making a tutorial
Outro song (feat. rhyming dictionary) over more random outdoor shots and a dog


  

Yup, thought so. 

I used to find these funny and unique but now it's just the same repetitive shit and the recipes are just sad.
You're turning into every meme channel.
Is it actually good?
I like this
One of the best yet.... But... Why no pepper pepper pepper
We want more!
Think about the time this could take if this wasn’t funny
this sounds like a car commercial
Did u break ur oven
Subscribing
#2 on trending
How many dogs thus this man have?
pUPPY
But i didn't say it.
Do you foster dogs?
I love this musical dog videos, how many dogs do you have, dude?
If I comment one of my own recipes on one of your videos will you make it in a video?
This video is funny! and great
Love it
On trending
Yumm
your videos are just an elaborate way of showing off your dogs
great video. is that your dog?
Were all these dogs comes from ?
No you
Fuckk I hate carrots I think you just made me like it
How do you get so many doggos
Bacot anjing
Awesome channel
Why is there a new dog in every vid live how many dogs do you have?
Why do I have to be told I suck at cooking all the time? Why can't you compliment me on how efficiently I make my toast, or my noodles?
wow cool
haha nice
Guess what else?? We can eat these.
You should be on a commercial
Why was this so entertaining?
Ok. Lost brain cells.
Did you just really stab ya hand
万能的胡萝卜，有胡萝卜还需要什么人类，胡萝卜就是食物链最高者，233
At 3.12 the video turned into a car ad
Out of interest, are you a fan of the bands Cake and The Presidents of United States of America?
First time I wanted to eat a carrot
I appreciate the evolution of art, ideas, visual and sound design in modern YSAC works. The unexpected but familiar "triple p" was a masterful turn. Not rhyming "tummy" with "yummy" was so much more digestible than lesser art songs. The visual lines of long roasted roots on the cutting board echoing alternating colors of wood: a tour de force! Keeping it slightly naughty with the "sixty . . ." reference but not getting phallic was, um, sweet, like honey. Keeping a few of the traditional gags such as the tin can piercing and the against the wall chopping give us enough familiarity and a thread to the past. Wonderful work, carrot wrassler!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY I M 16 NOW 😃😃😃😃
His real name is Melvin because in. The Greg's bean dip he quotes his dad and his dad said that "check in the Google Mel "
Still won't eat them.
Why is the dog not in these videos more.
When he stabbed himself it looked real
You’re not real!
I am boiling eggs you said you said boiling is bad
Whats the genre of the ending song of this episode? i really wanna lsiten to more music like that..
cute dog
Gold
GORDON RAMSY HAS COMPETITION
Lol
Does he have an editor or does he do it himself
What is the dog breed at the end?
Hello, Humans. Think about the cube. The cube leads you down a road of extra big cubes. Such cubes, begin to freeze everything around it. It's as if, time has no meaning, when the cubes have formed into something new. That which is new, can sometimes pretend that it's old. How can something be old, when life grants more new life? At some point in time, the old and the new become a cube. A cube that shows us, there is no cube. Only the forces trying to destroy the cube, will lead us over a frosty mountainside. 

TERRANCE OUT
Sooooooooooooo I quit watching after the parsnip incident, ya crossed the line there, gross and disturbing, usually really enjoy these videos but that was too much......
How is there snow where he lives still
~1000 people don't like vegetables apparently.
I just want the dog
I don't carrot all
Basura de video
Tf is this?
Sixty Nineuhhh... Head to toe position...
Great the views are 666
Awesome!
Uh no.
😁what did I just watch
看不懂
I wish you would have said carrots are yummy inside your tummy
How many dogs do you have? Or do you just randomly kidnap dogos for vids?
How is this trending again?
What type of dog is that?
How did i find this...
It's a puppy  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
why is this trending
Yummy
ខេម
got mad when he didn’t rhyme yummy with tummy
Anyone got a video of the carrots song?
Is this Beck?
Your funny
How many dogs do you have?!
Why do you live in middle of nowhere?
What's up doc?
How many dogs do you have??
Why tf is this #5 on trending
Judy....
Wow Just google it already: type in Inkyboylexx
Terrible!
how many dogs you've got again? O.o
Cute dog
Do not stab.
Whats the dogs name
My dog eats carrots
What type of dog is that angel? My dog has an uncanny resemblance
Cute dog
Hilarious 😂 “If you don’t have the small carrots and only the big ass ones like this” I started laughing so hard
😁😁👌👍👍👍
Around at 3:10 did it just turned into a “RAM” truck commercial
He's so not.funny I hate this kid
Wtf did I just watch?!
BECAUSE BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING!!!!!!
Where do you find all of these dogs?
How many animals do you live with????
What song is that carrots!?
Looks tasty and easy! I bet a 3-year-old could even make it. I’m 4 so I try to do recipes that are a little more complicated.
Ummmm.........seems like lots of effort.....for no reward......since carrots suck.
I used a parsnip to kill someone who spoiled a movie.
this is your best video in a long time
Carrots are dope
Anyone thought that when he was in a barn with a carrot it sounded like a beer  commercial
How many dogs do you have?!
catchy songs > carrots
😢💩💩💩
Why isn't all youtube videos like this?
Gross. You know you can roast actual meat, right? You don't need to fake it.
can you finish the egg story?
can you make a tutorial for tide pods too? i usually eat them raw but would love your take on them!
Judy. The One That Got Away
Why do your carrots look so unnatural?
I hate these kind of channels wasting food..
Why are you so damn funny? Well why?
Are you babycakes?
Am I watching a carrot commercial
Why do you remind me of John sakars?! (the guy who is into vegan ladies genitals)
ALL OF YOU ARE SICK FREAKS!
you should make a youtube channel and call it "You Suck At Music", make bad music but cook good food instead.
Why another dog? Did put them out permanently too ooh great mysterious would be movie makerman?
This was the single best YSAC episode ever. Great job.
NUMBER 2 ON TRENDING WTF CONGRATS
And still no pepper pepper pepper although you said 3 p
How to basic. You mastered the youtube algorithm.
Funniest thing I've seen on YouTube today!! 👍👍 😂
This is the first episode I've ever seen. It is funny several times, but also educational with an easy recipe with explanations. You did a great job.
hey man, youre contents incredibly solid. your jokes are always clever, your editing is phenominal and even the songs you make for funsies are dope. the effort shows man, i hope you're able to continue doing this for as long as it fits your life, the contents solid
Didn't even know carrots came that big
That is one rugged and cute doggo.
THANOS SNAPS HIS FINGERS
can someone confirm that whole sugar cancelling eachother out thing... that sounds rediculous
#2 in trending nice
Honey roasted carrots. 😋
Lmao
I like these vids but the humor is trash lol is there a second version that just cuts to the chase
Wtf
What did I just watch...
Help I can’t cook pancakes
Whats with your dogs ear?
Do you need a license to hunt carrot?
This man is such a blessing to society
"Carrots, ye-ah, in my tummy party party ye-ah." yo gabba gabba was all I could think about while watching this lol
I think the ending song was possibly your best yet (sounded like a song I would listen to on repeat for a week)
What do you mean I can eat them?
I would rather stab things with them!
TRUST IN JESUS!!!
NO, CARROTS ARE STABBYMUNCHKINS
I never thought to bake a carrot. You're a special kind of smart.
widdle, widdle 😗
Can you make a japaneese jiggly cheesecake?
Youre like me if i did things with my life. I love it
I'm glad YouTube put something original on trending
Ow that had to freaking hurt
I actually made these.....
#2 on trending!
Be should do doughnut holes
I hate carrots but, I will try this.
Oh you can throw a carrot on your wall and make baby carrots and thats how baby carrots and made - TrademarkTm
What a waste of water
What's wrong with that dogs right ear???
I HATE CARROTS
You ZUCC at cooking yeah you totally ZUCC
The guitar in the carrot mutilation sounded eerily like Songs:Ohia. P.S. RIP Jason Molina
Album drop when?
And you can eat them .🤣 who knew
YOUR TOP 2 ON  TRENDING :)))
NUMBER TWO?!?!??!??!?!
Ayyy #2 on trending
Yea that's cool. Hey u should watch my 30 sub special
What is the best thing I can do with carrots?
Hello türkey 👅👅👅👅👅👅👅
Noooomm
how many dogs do u have it every video of your has a different dog
California gov. Jerry Brown wants to band the holy bible in California.  What do you guys think about that? Why isn't anyone talking about that?
Where do u find all these dogs
Holy smokes this video is annoying
Umm.
I’m allergic to carrots.......
This is why I don’t get sleep at night
Just found this  sooo funny!!
who is judy
Carrots come from a can,
They were put there by a man
The best thing I got from this video is that cooking is better than boiling so I will put the vegetables in the oven from now!
Dude has the voice of a Carl's Jr. commercial. That, is majestic my friend.
This lispy individual and his crispy carrots have over a million subscribers and as of now this video is the #2 most popular video on Youtube, which is considered a primary source of content in the Information Age. Let that sink in for a minute.
i thought that was jacksfilms singing in the beginning lmao
Didn't even know I could crave carrots
#2 ON TRENDING!
I am in awe
#2 on trending in US! Good job!
you should put your songs on spotify
I don't think you can be a better man. You're pretty perfect.
YOURE ON #2 TRENDINGGG
Carrot dagger bissssh
How in the world is this #2 on trending
Carrot tin can
My girlfriend enjoys a carrot more than me.
Subscribed, were friends now
WHAT THE HECK. THOSE CARROTS ARE HUGE
Damm im scared of carrots
Were not gonna talk about Judy
Liked for the effort
Edit: I was wrong, hands down on the effort
My man! You're trending game is almost as sharp as them carrots.
Gordon Ramsay is quaking
OH WOW!
Pepper pepper pepper. Good  one. You make basic cooking fun always a good laugh.
I am investing in some carrot wind chimes. If YSAC says it to be a good idea, its probably not but still cool and funny.
ITS PEPPER

PEPPER

PEEEPPPPPPEEERRRRRRRR!!!!!
that was so amazing
How was your day
Rock, paper, scissors, carrot, shoot!
Paper covers rock, rock crushes scissors, scissors slice carrots, carrots stab paper.
Ooooooh yummmyyyy!!!! Now I HAVE to make them! So easy.....so delish!!!! 😍👍
YouTube must love you...
DOGGO
Ahhhhh yeah!
Very dope
I'm just wondering where to get me some giant carrots... to whittle them down, of course
What happened with Judy? Was she expecting a big @$$ carrot but got a baby carrot instead???
Another good carrot recipe is water, carrots (any size you want), salt, pepper pepper pepper, and brown sugar
trying a little too hard huh
You’ve got a nice dog
You've finally hit a million! Congrats! I've been with you since 25k 👏👏👏
Seeing YSAC as #2 on Trending is so amazing. I'm so happy rn
oh my god you live in such a beautiful area
Good job, dude. Nice vid. Me like
YSAC viewers are just as comically blunt and sarcastic as YSAC
One biblically correct sized carrot, please
# 2 ON TRENDING
I wonder if this guy has ever met Mr. Regular Car Reviews.
Pepper pepper pepper
My dude.
Congrats on trending
Lol “eff you buddy”
#2 on trending!!
Thank god! I’ve been using carrots that are too large with too much honey.
I thought carrots were only for rabbits
Can I have your dog
Where does he get all these dogs?
Did you die doing this video and how much blood did you loose? ;)
This is too healthy that it’s illegal
what is the song when carving the big carrots?
I seriously can’t stop laughing.

Who the hell could have disliked this video?
Congrats on trending my dude
Fun fact: Carrots can be dildos as well. :D
I...don’t get this channel
Keep the vids coming
What a good doggo man...
the creativity is unreal
But why do you have to curse :(
out of curiosity, how many pets fill your house with love?
Y is this #2 on trending
I've never seen carrots that large
This guys is a f idiot but it's cool haha
Yummy
Im hungry now
...How many dogs do you have?...
Why is my school serving these like they can cook? It’s so bad lol
Why are there different dogs in every video? You thought we wouldn’t notice, did you?
Spiderman and Tony die in infinity wars
But i hate carrots
I disliked
It physically pained me to hear only a single “pepper” uttered.   
It was like learning Santa wasn’t real for the first time.
Everyone is complaining about the "pepper pepper pepper" but WHERE IS THE INTRO SONG
Too far. Way too far. It's one thing to pull a prank on April Fools Day, but it's a whole other thing to actually be HELPFUL
BUT BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING
This might have just actually helped someone cook a potato
When he only said pepper and not pepper pepper pepper that hurt my soul
turn off the stove??? WTF IS A STOVE?
I’m watching this on the fourth, and was really confuzzled lol...
That wasnt very cash money of you
God has left us.
This whole channel has been nothing but a really long buildup to this golden April Fools joke.
This is wrong
I was VERY confused, then checked the date
I mean, all things considered, that was a pretty strong tutorial.
When this video was over, I said out loud, "I love you buddy". Just thought you should know that.
I'm so underwhelmed I'm overwhelmed.
After raving about this channel to someone, I introduced it to them with this one just after it came out and I hadn't watched it. They didn't get why I was laughing so much.
I'm so discombobulated.
Aww, you're not funny when you're sober and the potato isn't rolling out in the woods.  I liked though that you used wet water.  That was way cool.
What happened? Was u low on money?
Ah, I see. We were wangjangled this time.
You blue balled me..
WHAT IS THIS HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL WHERE IS THE PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER AND WRONG FACTS AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Something seems different....
I'm confused.. 🤔 xD


Edit: omfg I was about to ask if this was an april fools' video ...turns out it really was😳😳😳😂 I love this channel xD
Wait!? I only put ONE pepper on? WTF!?
THIS IS TOO NORMAL, MAKE IT STOP!!!
Very simple instructional video. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO THE REAL YSAC!?
Honestly, I feel so insulted.
NO DO NOT USE PEPPER; USE ONLY PEPPER-PEPPER-PEPPER!
This is still traumatizing
*pepper pepper*
This scares me deeply
I was playing the whole YSAC playlist in the background as I worked on something, but when this video came on I had to stop what I was doing and engage. Something felt...off. The pauses, the lack of an intro, the lack of YSAC language like wangjangle, undo, triple p...
And then the video ended with "Happy April Fools!" Never have I felt so relieved. I thought you had been possessed by Pimblokto's cousin, Timclockpo.
This hurts me, emotionally.
Every time I watch this I have YSAC blue balls
I KNOW WHY NOTHING IS THE SAME.... HHES BEEN TAKEN OVER MY PIMBLOCKTO
Never could such a simple informative video be so sad, than when it follows so entertaining a series as what was previously posted.  To the uninitiated, this is a polished satisfactory instructional video.  To fans, it is only enjoyed ironically.  Wow--great April Fool's joke! :)
Why does the potato look like a fish fillet to me?
How dare you say pepper only once when adressing it.
Pepper pepper pepper?
INTRO SONG?
WHATS NEXT? THE VIDEO?
me, crying: why
but why
just why
Why is he not doing anything weird or funny? 

Published on April 1st 2018 

oh
So sad..







There’s a typo in the description 
“Boil 1 potato until it  cooked.”
Top 10 Youtube pranks that went too far
What happened to you are you okay 😭
Welp. Watching this for the first time over a month later. About ten seconds in I checked the date. Good on you, sir. Lmao
This saved my life. 
I need this channel.
This was an April fool's upload.
My jaw dropped in disgust when you said pepper once, then stopped
OMG actual cooking instructions!
This is the best April Fools joke ever! XD

Watch this be the only video I use to cook.
this made me uncomfortable
but why
Oh my god this was on April fool's day I was so confused
YOU TROOOOLLLL!!!!!!!!
When he doesn't say "pepper pepper pepper" it's like waiting for a beat drop that never comes
Tell us who forced you to make this video 😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲
It's already been a year huh. Let's see what kind of nightmarish video you will create this time.
Him: and add some pe-


Me: yes



Him: pepper 



Me:....*soul gets crushed into powder* ;-;
Imagine if this is your first YSAC video? Lol
You know it's an April Fools video when he doesn't say "Pepper, pepper, pepper".
This video is just not the same...






This👏is👏illegal!
Damn, that anti humor is perfect
s-stop doing that. stop being helpful. oh dear god what have we do to deserve this cruelty. i’m trembling
I’m hurt. You took this April fools joke a little too far.
Take a layer of tinfoil
Burger patty
Potato slices
Cream of mushroom soup
Wrap in tinfoil
Put it on campfire (check occasionally)
Best dinner of your life the 
Thanks i actually learned something quick and easy
Is this an april fool's joke coz this vid too normal :<
I could tell it was April fool's when he started boiling in
Why is the one serious video on April fools the most agonizing and disturbing. This is unsettling on a deep and profoundly emotional level.
a single pepper
boiling instead of baking
no intro song
no outro song 
no personality

YSAC has been killed.
This is MY most hated video by him/ posted on youtube EVER
You should react to ep. 1 guacamole... you SWEAR a lot BTW
w-who are you..? WHAT DID YOU DO TO THE OG YSAC!?!?
Potatoes!
You cheeky bastard, uploaded on April 1st
This april fools gives me pain in my heart
God has left chat






Darkness has joined chat
This is gonna be a dislike because this is actually helpful.
this feels like a cry for help
Honest and Normal Cooking    with YSAC
That moment when your wife says she's not gonna cook dinner😂😂
YSAC you god damn tease. You said a single pepper and then intentionally let us hear the grinding
wow an actual good episode!
This makes me feel so empty inside
UGH can't you make a single serious video?
In captions it says happy April fools
What about the pepper pepper pepper :(
I have a request, I feel so lost because there is so much I learn from your cooking show. I simply must know the secret behind jambalaya.
This is the most clever april fools day joke i've seen this year.
IT WAS MADE ON APRIL FIRST GUYS LMAOAOAOAOAOAO
You know this is still pretty enjoyable just cause of how good he is.
Ow. I have a ntp disease
No triple peeper
You've done it again, you spicy devil. Took some math... well played, sir.
this video is so out of character im honestly disturbed and i feel like im having a stroke
Oh I get it April 1st April fool's day no wonder it was so normal
Here waiting for 2019's April Fool's.
Step 2: Add yeast
Step 3: Distill
Step 4???: Profit
This was an April fools vid, but I missed the intro song and pepper pepper pepper
This is too surreal.
You have no idea how disappointed I am😭
Where’s my funny man
I STILL REMEMBER THIS PAIN, YSAC!!!
This is the best April Fool's day video I have ever seen.
WAIT WAIT WAIT!

Didn’t you say that boiling is flavorless and baking is better?!

Also, where’s ma 
I knew he was going to say pepper only once. I saw it coming a mile away. 

And it still broke my heart.
1:07

I think you  stuttered a bit there?
I can’t believe he actually boiled something. I was screaming “BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING” at the screen
matt damon in the martian be like
when he only said one pepper, i checked the date immediately
my skin literally crawled in disgust after only hearing pepper once
Just discovered the channel. Watched the first video then the last (this one). Prefered his first one. But still going to subscribe (:
Captions, just realized this was an April fools joke, my whole life has been a lie
this is so eerie
were you feeling depressed when you made this
where's the intro and outro
where's the pepper pepper pepper
where's the wit, the humor
I want a potato now..

* burns down house
this april fools joke depressed me more than the rest.
l know this is for april first but does this recipe work lmao
This is one of the greatest videos ever made.
I love you but I'm sad
Potatoes are my favorite
You did it again YSAC im cracking up over here.......because of the comments on the video, and not the video itself, but still....I will be talking to my therapist about the video I just experienced
This is indeed the darkest timeline.
this was so extreme like honestly. My brain couldnt process how amazingly amazing that was!!
I fell for it '-' how could I have fallen for it..
Also I think a part of my soul died when he put pepper on it without saying "pepper pepper pepper"
it felt like my brain stopped when i only heard 'pepper' once
It’s an April Fools video.
:(        I don't like April fools anymore         :(
Watches video, calls Mom...
Mom....do you ever get the feeling....like....something....bad is about to happen
Has the world gone mad! Pepper is said three times!THREEE! I want the real ysac not THIS!
The usual normal is regular normal, which makes this abnormal.
I just died a little...
Queue:  Cinderella - Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone)
I know this is a joke but my heart quickly sank when he didn’t say, “Pepper pepper pepper.”
i was suprised this was normal untill i looked at the  published date
oh okay? idk why i expected a comedic twist mr.#49 on trending
You're like howtobasics calm cousin
This is a very useful video. Please do more like this please. I'm trying to learn to cook. I'm a little late to the game, but better than never. Cheers

-a new subscriber
i HAD to check the date after this, i couldnt handle it being anything besides april fools
MY HEART IT'S BEEN WANGLEJANGGLED
Me making videos for my friends and I vs making videos for class
You can hear just how HARD it was for him to say pepper once
"And some pEPper"
No "Pepper-pepper-pepper"? ..There's a joke, YSaC, and then there's just being cruel.
Okay, hear me out. You NEED to make..





RATATOUILLE!!
I am uncomfortable
HE DIDNT SAY PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER

WHAT SHALL WE DO?!?!

IS THE WORLD ENDING?
HAS SCIENCE GONE TOO FAR?






find out in the next episode of
You monster,what have you done to the real ysac?!
not detailed enough - made attempt, ended up cooking broccoli...
This is honestly so uncomfortable to watch when you don't know it's from April 1st.
He almost sounded normal but then the conclusion 😂
Anyone watch with captions on and it said “*Happy April Fools!”?
you sound so dead inside
It hurt me to hear him say pepper only once.
I wasn't insulted once and that makes me very uncomfortable
ITS SO NORMAL. IM CONFUSED
I like how this video is as bland and dry as your potato recipe.
This video hurt my soul, IT WAS SO BLAND!!!
That was the most simple video ever we’ve been April Foolsed, had to watch a regular video of his to combat the sadness I felt watching this.
this channel is a voiced wiki-how page
I was gonna say
Where the hell was the intro
Where are the puns
Where is the stop motion
Pepper pepper pepper??
But then I remembered it was April Fools
My heart sank a bit there. I was waiting for the second pepper... Dad day
Message from ireland: you're welcome.
He just says "pepper" instead of "PEPER-PEPER-PEPER". That's going too far.
Best description
No intro
no outro song about potatoes
"Pepper"
All of these made me feel like when  Pimblokto left
remember when he was a regular cookling channel and not a howtobasic cooking clone
I have been traumatized by hearing YSAC;s voice all..... normal
This is probably the best April Fool's video I've seen this year
Look at the date he tricked us all 😮!!!
Depending how T H I C C
It's not pepper its pepper pepper pepper

Edit: just realized it was an April Fool's prank
The fact I’m not watching this on April first had me very confused for a minute.
He pranked us with a normal video
Omg I just realized it's April fools because it isn't funny
First normal video
this hurts me
This is why I don't cook. The recipes are so complicated, and the videos just fly through the steps.
OHHH April first! For second there I thought you were actually taking this seriously.
the april fools is having more than one video a month
I knew this day would come.
what is "pepper"?
is it anything similar to pepper pepper pepper?
thank you, this was very informative. Does this work with sweet potato too?
Love the April fools joke! But Seriously though, please make a potato video the right way (your way)!
Literally the best Aprils Fools video of all time
I THOUGHT HIS SOUL DIED AND I WAS SO SAD THEN I REALIZED IT WAS APRIL FOOLS OH MY GOD PHEW
Water starts boiling faster if you dont cover the pot. At least thats what they said in the chemistry class
Life hack: pour really hot water in the pot and cover it while you wait for it to boil. Now it will boil 3x faster
Ah yes. Actual cooking instructions.
You've gone too far this time.
Where the doggos this April fools prank way too far
I'm uncomfortable
Making some 'schnitzel' would be great 😂
I was let down. Now I'm RATTLED
After hearing just one pepper I died on the inside a little bit.
I almost gave it a thumbs down
"And then you can add some salt, some butter, and pepper” me waiting in silence for pepper pepper.
Ok I did NOT subscribe for actual "helpful" guides
This is to weed out the weak ones isn't it
I was sad because there is no jokes 😭
This April Fool's joke has gone too far
oh god the pain
Man Thursday is the worst day of the week for me and I've been saving this YSAC to watch until now because I needed something good to look
 forward to. This video let me down so hard, but it was such an unexpected let down it's hilarious. Thanks man. I have tears in my eyes from laughing so hard because I've been waiting this long to watch somebody boil a potato.
I wonder how many people were showing someone else this channel for the first time like, "Hey come here check out YSAC it's hilarious!" then this starts rolling.
He said "stove" instead of onion, that's absolutely atrocious!
I felt violated about the fact that he didn't say pepper pepper pepper. I'm like what is going on, then I see people saying it's April Fools then I'm like, PHEW I thought he lost his mind there.
oh the joke was that he boiled something
What have you done with Ysac human?!
day 73: im still looking for the other 2 "peppers". my life will not be complete without them. humanity is ending. its all over.
But but but, you NEVER boil food. I feel dirty.
I love it how serious this one was, and the fact that it was released on April 1st. XD
Ladies and gentlemen there is an impersonator on the loose
It was an April fools joke guys
Wasn’t sure if this was April fools or not. Until he said pepper
OMG WHEN I WATCHED THIS ON EASTER I FORGOT IT WAS APRIL FOOLS AND I WAS LIKE “??”
What the hell was that dude? 😨
Please don't tell me you're losing mojo! Don't lose mojo on us maaaaaan!
still much higher levels of entertainment value and enjoyment than most YouTube channels tho so the joke's on you
It is so weird to watch this not realizing when it was published.
Why does this hurt so bad?
why did I watch this. 






oh wait I suck at cooking.
I bob my head at the sound of crushing peppers. Waiting for a beat that never drops
IT SAID HAPPY APRIL FOOLS IN CAPTIONS M8888
I need an adult. I NEED AN ADULT!
this is disturbing.
This is... it's... it's physically, mentally, spiritually and emotionally painful...
My heart...
This was painful
I'm still waiting for the other 2 peppers
HE CALLED IT A STOVE AND NOT AN ONION.
I was waiting the entire clip for the drop.
I was so confused. Thank you random comment telling me to look at the date it was released.
This was so infuriating... but I applaud you for committing to the joke.
that "pepper..." was like someone singing "jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the..."
why does this feel post-apocalyptic
This made my mother cry. Thanks a lot.
God has left the server
Who the hell doesn’t peel spuds before boiling!!!!
This made me uncomftorable
Usually I enjoy your videos and actually cook along to them... But in this one, the instructions were far too complicated and frankly incoherent! You completely skipped the part of how I get my potatoes. Do I spray potato pheromones on a nearby tree and wait for one to show up? When does the onion come into play? 

Please help!
WHO ARE YOU AND WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH THE REAL YSAC
Now ur FRIEND is gone!!!!😡🤬😭
I thought this was him making fun of how its made lol
One word to describe the pataato 






Ew
pepper, pepper, pepper??????
i came here for a serious video not some joke!
I don’t know what I expected honestly. Good job, I guess.
i just wash them, cut them, and bake them

then I put ketchup, parmesan and pepper.
I keep returning to this video trying to remember the jokes, only for the video to end and all my repressed feelings of disappointment to come rushing back
This broke my heart.
The silence after hearing only 1 "pepper" made me incredibly sad inside.
"Now put on some pepper"



IT'S PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
I refuse to believe he isn't Casually Explained
How aren't you on The Chef's Table?
Wow, this was really helpful. I DONT LIKE IT!
Please you have to say """pepper pepper pepper """  😂😂😂😂😂
finally someone who ignores April fools day
This was my birthday... Thank you
When the meme is so dank and deep it becomes normal again
Is nothing sacred anymore?
Are you ok honey? Did something happen? Your community is concerned
This is the best episode.
When he doesn't say pepper pepper pepper SAD PEPE FACE + SPONGEBOB WOE IS ME
What the actual aprils fools was this
something is very wrong
Haha he made this on April first
This video makes me appreciate the channel even more.
Oooh, its april first! That makes it all make sense.
Damn this must be an April fools joke. A straight to the point video, with no side notes or remarks? Unbelievable
Better looking than any potato I have ever damn seen!!!! I will practice my friend.
'why dont you ever make any normal videos'

is that a challenge?
P E P P E R
Can you repeat that? I didnt memorized the stelps
.....He didn’t say pepper pepper pepper......
this video is from an alternate universe
Cooking with Harvey Specter.
WHAT IS HAPPENING this feels so   unnatural
the content I subscribed for
WHAT IS THIS
THIS IS NOT WHAT I SIGNED UP FOR
But I thought baking was better ??!
i am very hungry now,i shouldn't watch this,i am going to get some snack!
This is the only time on this chanell that u said WTF
I like how he 'casually explains' this
I bet new people are confused why others are triggered by the video lol
Anyone who's confused, look at the date.
Where is the YSAC guy and what have you done with him?!
There was no wangjangling, only a third of the amount of needed pepper, the instructions were clear concise and in an orderly fashion, and I at no point was told I suck at cooking. This is madness.
This makes me uncomfortable on a visceral level
I hate april fools because this video is a dirty trick, there are no musical verses and no obscure comedy how dare you.
This sounds like a how it’s made episode
HAHAHA, APRIL FOOLS, had me till I checked the date.
This was posted on April 1st, the joke is that he makes no jokes it’s just a generic cooking video
a video without sarcasm well that's new .
i knew something was wrong when i didnt hear the intro
Omfg.  This is indeed the darkest timeline.
wow a normal video


edit: never mind he said the word "pepper" only one time
This made my heart break because it was just a regular video :( “pepper” CORRECTION ITS PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
Wait you didn’t say pepper much 
Only ONCE
YOU'RE GOOD AT COOKING, YEAH YOU TOTALLY ROCK!
This was..this was not good
This guy deserves way more subs.
AAAAAAHHHHH IT FEELS STRANGE
This was scary as hell dude
Yo bro, wtf.
That's it I'm reporting this video for psychological damage
APRIL FOOLS!!!
And some.. pepper UNCOMFORTABLE
I feel uncomfortable
I have never realized how much I liked the oddities and comedy this channel offered until this very normal video appeared.
geez this is actually making me sleepy listening to this
No wonder this was a legit  video it was posted on April Fools Day
I didn't actually click this video but whatever
bro what was that?
This April is cruel
This gave me depression 😭😭 what happened to the good old days
Wh-why was it like a real cooking show with like Goran Ramsay wit happens to the end song and all the weird slang?????? •~•
So totally didn't realize this was a April fools day video and was really confused.
гениальный рецепт:))
We were wangjangled
bruh his voice sounds like the how its made narrator
So thats how valve made their servers!
This aint it chief!
HE is A robot He DIDNT SAY PePPeR PePPer PEpper
I thought your modo was bake don't boil
Huh? Are you feeling ok... Never seen such a normal video!
You cannot describe the emptiness I feel as I watch this video
Do we not suck at cooking any more?
That was a THICC POTATO
I need a shower after this yuck.. and i need to rewatch your videos while skipping any other april first video
This is a great double edged joke.
Part of the joke is: this isn't normal  for his content (obviously). Part 2 of the joke is: Potatoes are a boring, bland vegetable (in the standard "garden" variety (buh dum tis))
You can bake em boil em broil em
Is he okay?? What's going on??? This is what depression feels like
Guys check the date lmao
I was so worried until I saw the date this was released. I've resolved never to watch an episode late again. I want to apologize to everyone for what I did.
This made me... uncomfortable
Genius, pure freaking genius.
Missed opportunity. Should have been called “You’re Good at Cooking”.
UNDO ON FOUR HUNDO
This made my heart hurt.
Confused Screaming
My jaw literally dropped when he said pepper and didn't finish! Thumbs down!!!
what have you done
looks at date


FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!
OH April Fools...I fell for it again.
Thanks good video,  you good at cooking
Y is this so serious
You scared the shit out of me! I really thought you became normal for a second. Don't do this again!
Finally something normal
PePPer. He said it. Don’t worry
Who is this guyy ugh i wish he would do a face reveal.
This makes me uncomfortable.
I kept waiting for it to get weird but it never did
Oh lol its an april fools video damn it was good tho
I felt so uncomfortable this whole video.
best April fools prank ever
this feels like an episode of how its made
It gave me real unsatisfaction and chills without the You suck at cooking yeah you totally suck intro
Strange...


It feels so...
Pepper pepper pepper?
HeeHeeHeeHee! I am still waiting for the shoe to drop...
This is the best terrible April Fools video
The sound of the grinder after the single "pepper" is like * crickets at night *.
Very informative thank you
R.I.P PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
Guys it's an April fools joke
Where is the wangjangler.
my heart broke after hearing only one "pepper"
Hearing him talk like that, I'll suck at everything.. Not just cooking
Yeah its April 7th. So i was super confuzzled. I was going to ask if you were sick or having a bad day lol. Please never again. Thankfully your videos arent like this all the time. Of course you wouldnt be so popular if they were :)
for anyone feeling post pepper trauma here you go
PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER. PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER.
Someone needs to re-edit this with the "How It's Made" music.
Instructions not clear. Ended up with onion.
Pinblokto isn’t back he didn’t thaw out
This was an eye-opener for me. Finally a straightforward explanation as to how to make a potato.
This made me strangely uncomfortable.
Loving the meta joke
The joke was that there is no jokes... Clever... Now, I'm gonna blow my head with a shotgun, goodbye
This was a April fools joke 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🥔🎲👍🏼
Now i dont have Water on Hand. Is this liquid wich looks just like water but is flammable and smells like Sweet Disifnectant fine too?
I hate this video....*runs away crying*
no intro, no pepper pepper pepper, no pimblokto. we've lost YSAC
You really went all out on this one.
The thumbnail looked like dirty snow to me
Holy shit a simplistic and not confusing tutorial on how to make very simplistic food?
This upsetted me in more ways than you can imagine
Cruel April fool's joke
I feel betrayed.
;w;
Wtf was this a genuine cooking episode
I just got that it was April 1
This is why, out of all the holidays, April Fools Day has the highest suicide rate.
Remember always boil potatos in cold water
THE BEST PRANK. YES.
"pepper"
nononononononononononononononono
honestly the greatest april fools joke ever
Dam i am mortified why was there only one pepper this is been an out rage of all kinds
I just love how his April Fools video is the most normal video he made
This is so wrong
Now I can live by myself
when he said "pepper" and just stopped there my heart sunk
Everyone is forgetting that BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING
😂🤙🔥💀
My heart just broke... :(
This is the best April Fool’s trick ever.
What do you do when normalcy is the joke? insert spongebob staring into his coffee
You done did me trick
Guys it was posted April 1st.
Oh my god I just realized that he sounds like the guy who narrates How it’s Made!!!!
Omg he said pepper just once
It’s an April fools joke
What is happening to YouTube... how to basic made a regular video now this guy😯🤔😮😓
Wait.  What?
WELL DARN I GUESS IT IS
When he said pepper i thought he was just going to take a pause and say pepper pepper but he didnt
This video makes me want to set water on fire
The 8th Deadly Sin
"then add some pepper.." me "PEPPER PEPPER"
This is mind blowing stuff dude. Please never make real cooking videos without jokes in them
Dear god no, This doesnt feel right.
Did anyone else have this remind you of How it's made?
this is...unsettling
Pepper?3x?
what? ...where is my insults I can to be told I suck at cooking also a whole bunch of other insults what is this blasphemy
Instructions still unclear. Somehow, I baked my cat.
So much wrong with this vid.
I’m new here n noticed that somewhere along the line u got a new stove...did u move or is YouTube coming through?
I will never be happy again after seeing this
NOOOOOOO
I loved the song at the end. It was my favourite that you've done so far.
omg you so got me
Happy April fools.. yolo
utter genius
But..But..baking is better than boiling..
The silence after the word "pepper" was deafening. April fools jokes are one thing, but this was just horrifying. Really ruined my year.
He sounded so pained when he only said “pepper” once 😂
The video that every student ever needs to see :D
This...was wrong! April, why do you do this???
Are you dead 3 weeks not 
a vid wow
You pronounced pepper pepper pepper wrong.
Did he actually teach to cook
Everyone it was april fools fools and you just got fooled
This is like howtobasic’s April fools video when he actually seriously makes something good
Lol I watched this on 26
The hell was that
1:05 I almost had a heart attack hearing this
i feel so betrayed
its about damn time you make an honest to god cooking video without all your heresy!  no wang-jangling, no walks in the woods, no rube Goldberg machines,  to silly names for your oven, no repeating certain spices 3 god damn times! ......nice work
I was just like
"When is he gonna tell me to hunt my potatoes...?"
I forgot it was April Fools yesterday and was like, personally hurt for a hot second lol
Why did you lie to me. I have entrusted you with my heart since episode 7 and this is how you repay me? Im sleeping on the couch tonight
I am physically deppressed after watching This
wait, what just happened
When you didnt say pepper pepper pepper I almost threw up
make it stop please
when did this dude get seriosuly!?
pepper pepper pepper?
Well this was different from what I was expecting!
Wait... where's the skits? I can't learn to cook if there isn't postmodernism involved
This is an imposter YSAC. no intro no tripple p this video felt like a lie to me.
This might be the most surreal video he has ever made.
I actually learned basic life skills today
Wheres the intro?
I cried.
This felt way too normal lol
This is the best tutorial I've ever seen this is how all potatoes should be prepared
No intro, No pepper pepper pepper, No witty jokes, Where Tf is the onion, Why is April so cruel
He shops at Costco. That pan is from the Kirkland set and it sucks because there is no insulation on the top or handle.
Hahaha that's hilarious. Brilliant.
Pepper pepper pepper!
nice..As a swed the most potato lovers of the world I give you 5 of 5 stars (for keeping skin on
OMG he made a normal video on April fools
nqma da obijdash
The date on this vidoe doesn't make any sense
Its from the future
......pepper pepper...
"And that's all there is to making a potato" and out I said "There isn't any more"
This was  depressing. No intro song, no pepper pepper pepper, and no witty jokes. Or song at the  end. Im looking forward to next time.
That was...educational...what's going on!?
Wow. What happened to the funny content
NOOO HE DIDNT SAY PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER! Why fear god WHY! (Hehehe love your videos man)
How T H I C C is your potato?
This is what you've created. Are you happy? Are you proud? Can you honestly look yourself in the mirror knowing this exists? IS THIS WHAT YOU WANTED? IS IT???
Sc-sc-scary
1:06 um you forgot 2 more peppers
I wouldn’t be as confused if I had actually watched this on April 1st, rather than right now
What the what?!?! I feel incomplete...
This feels like a sin.
its cause its april fools
Cool, glad I waited a month for this
“Pepper”
DID YOU MEAN “PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER”?
April first is when he dosen't mess around
This was really mean, and it hurts.. Please don't do this ever again.. cus your videos matters, and stand for something..
Pepper pepper pepper*
Very informative!
Saying one pepper is unacceptable even on april's fool. Some things you just don't joke about.
What's pepper? Is it like Pepper pepper pepper? Does it work the same?
this seems like an honest and helpful channel about making 100% normal recipes. thanks!
I was scared for the whole video
Why can't you pin comments
Please never do this again you monster
For crispy skinned potatoes out a washer potato in the onion on 350 with 6 or 7 fork holes for a hour or so. YUM!
The only day YSC makes non prank cooking video 😅😂
Sounds like “How it’s Made”
I steam them. Once and a while I roast 'me.
(screams in german)
Everyone is complaint about the pepper, (which is a valid complaint), and other things like that... but did anyone even realize that he boiled the potato... baking is ALWAYS better than boiling. YSAC 101
How ironic that your April Fool is to not do satire, & in doing so achieved the ultimate satire of yourself. This feels very meta.
YOU FORGOT THE SOUR CREAM
B-But you said boiling was bad for potatos
internal screaming
картошку сварил.тренды Америки не лучше
this is unnecessarily upsetting to me
This was so sad :(
I miss pepper pepper pepper!
Might want to change title to "How to boil something."
POTATOEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS DESERVE RESPECT! :O
curls up in the corner 
This is just a bad dream This is just a bad dream This is just a bad dream This is just a bad dream This is just a bad dream
Best April fools video
I threw up a little I am wangjangled
what is the humor in this video
can someone answer this question
this hurts my soul
this.. this is not okay
Are you okay?
april fools haha heh...
no intro or pepper pepper pepper how sad
Hey man are you ok?
What is this?!? Where is the intro? The ”pepper pepper pepper”? The song at the end. The alternatives? This is a lie!!!
666k views lol...
Fucking BLEAK
I was actually confused until i realized the day it was posted lolololol
My family member how dare you ...
BRING BACK PIMBLOCKTO
The tonal shift of this episode in contrast to the others was really jarring
I love ur vids i loved this one but ....
this is uneasy to watch
Honey yeah we feel the difference, you're not you when there's not the crazy you ❤
i wonder if pimblokto has thawed yet .
WOO WHAT A GREAT WAY TO MAKE MY EASTER/APRIL FOOLS
best youtuber?
Instruction unclear,accidentaly microwaved my cat
Can you make a video on jello? 😁
This physically hurt me
April Fools!: As a prank, I'm gonna do a normal cooking show! IN YOUR FACE!
It pissed me off when he didn’t say pepper 3 times.
I got really confused for q second
This is pure evil
Now im hungry from that delicioa lookin tater
This is the greatest April Fools joke ever...total denial of expectation.
...
The good memories with chicken nuggets and smashed patatoas at my school
pepper pepper pepper
Yall happy now?
The moment he said pepper only once was when I realized my life had no meaning anymore
Literally the worst episode imma just pretend you were dying cuz that's the only excuse for THIS
Xd
THis so normal. no pepper pepper pepper or intro song aw
NO! You monster!
Not mad, just disappointed
This isn’t a very nice episode.
The only recipe I'm willing to try
JACKSEPTICEYE IS QUACKING
how THICC my potatto is?
Watching this on Monday and I was so confused for a second.
I feel so unsatisfied
april foolssss
He...he boiled it!
...April fools!!!!
R.I.P to the other 2 peppers. Gone but not forgotten.
Press F to pay your respects.
😭where’s the theme song
When I didn't hear"pepper pepper pepper" my soul was crushed
I think... I've never felt so wrong in my entire life
I am shook
this could only have been worse if the egg guy showed up and didnt say ANYTHING, just stared at me, into my soul...
Dan bought me here :))
the way he cut the potato got me dead. Oh man. YSAC is the best channel.
Did pimblokto thaw out yet?
Pe...pper....? Just... Pepper? That's it, fax me the coordinates of Pimblokto's hideout wigwam at once!
My life is a lie....... i have no ingredient in my kitchen called pepper only this thing called pepper pepper pepper
This was way too serious for me
you can hear how he strains to not say "pepper pepper pepper"
Why is this so normal?? 😨
I feel bamboozled
I'm SHOOK
this was so uncomfortable to watch.
Somethings up with him anyone else notice that
i feel betrayed, i feel personally attacked, i am both emotionally and physically hurt
I bet he won't pin this
A joke channel doing something serious for April 1 HAHAHAHA FUNNY AND ORIGINAL XDDDDDDDDDFDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
I feel violated
Oh it's april
This man is a full on genius.
There’s the hot girls, and there’s the popular girls, and I look like.... a potato.





a kawaii potato.
this..this seems off kind of  like no song at the end no pepper pepper pepper pepper u sick? or somthing>?
Really no intro?
How did watching a normal cooking video make me cringe so much???
You know it’s an April fools video when it a normal video
NO PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER looks at date
I die inside when I hear pepper alone now. Even in same random circumstance.
I kinda liked how calm this video was
Are... Are you ok
Boil em, mash em, stick em in a stew...
Ohhh April fools... not funny
This hurts me as a person
cruelty is real
I threw up a bit when he called it a stove and a whole lot when I only heard one "pepper"! Gonna go to bed and cry my self to sleep now
Is there something you need to talk about YSAC? It's okay, you're in a safe space here.
Thicc
This hurts my soul
THiS vIDEO IS TO NOT HIM
Thanks dude
I feel like I’m watching a video from a different universe.
This was so incredibly unsettling. Thank you to the comments pointing out what date it was released on. I still kind of queasy... far out this messed me up!
April fools lol
The most serious ysac episode ever...
I feel cheated
Thank you. I didn't know how to make a potato but now I do.
Turn on captions-
What if this is also how to basic? basic intensifies
Something very familiar about this video.
I can smell the potato through the screen
Who's disappointed that this is so very normal...
This video?? Cursed.
Thanks man
Im fine with it being a joke but the fact he doesn't say "pepper pepper pepper" infuriates me
instructions unclear: i dont know where to find a wild potato
Deadass I thought to myself today "I hope ysac uploads this week." Smh be careful what u wish for ig
Read the description.
U ok man?
This episode is actually useful
April fools
What the hell is a pepper?!? Is it just an infinitely worse pepper pepper pepper?? God this April fool's video is messing with me
What happened 🤨
I feel so empty inside
ya got me good
April fools
Look, I know that single "pepper" was for April Fools 
But AT WHAT COST
This makes me sad
Was this really informational
This was my first video I watched of you and I thought oh this is just a cooking channel for people who don’t know how to cook.
the moment the video started I knew something was wrong
I clicked and you were normal talking. So my dog died 
Press F for respect
This was too complicated
Where’s the intro?!?!
Wow. Good to know
intro ? outro ? pepper-pepper-pepper ? you're a monster.
An actual tutorial? Wut
I DONT LIKE THIS VIDEO IT GIVES ME ANXIETY
Hilarious!
Thanks I'll try this out
This hurt.
Wtf have I stumbled upon?
You're how to basic
Ill stick to making cereal everyday
Is this what real life is like? 😥😢😭
Is this some sort of sick joke?
It physically hurt to hear him only say one "pepper".
Please never do this again. Sincerely, everyone
I suck at cooking, so I ended up burning my house down
I feel super violated...

Like some important light just went off in my life.
My heart is sad......



















AND APRIL FOOL.......ha......I know I’m late......
FACE REVEAL AT 1.162M SUBSCRIBERS!!!!
pepper pepper pepper
Cruelest April Fool's prank ever. 😔
when he didn’t say “pepper pepper pepper” I lost it
Thicc
im not sure how to feel about this
best one yet
I hate when people take April fools jokes to far
It's an April fools joke guys
are..... are you okay? do you need to talk to someone..?
I feel empty after watching that
this video hurt me
Is YSAC HowToBasic?
Or is HowToBasic YSAC?
heartbroken
We should've known. It was weird that he uploaded this one so close to the last one.
Potatoes is an anagram for teapots
the amount of disrespect for pepper pepper pepper in this video
Well...to make a potato...first mommy potato and daddy potato meet at a singles bar and get really drunk. Then they go back to daddy potato's house and...well, I'll skip the next step.
But yes...there is frequently butter involved.
April fools
April fools
Pepper Pepper Pepper
You sadist.
I was confused until I realized it was April fools
Tortilla omelette Recipe
Ingredients: tortilla, egg, cheese, butter, and any filling ingredient.
Directions:
1. Preheat a pan and melt a teaspoon of butter.
2. Beat up the egg in a shallow bowl the same size as the tortilla (recommend mixing in cinnamon). 
3. Dice up / prepare your omelette filling ingredients.
3. Soak both sides of the tortilla in the egg and place onto the pan (low heat).
4. Quickly apply the cheese and filling ingredients on one half of the tortilla and than fold it over.
5. Wait about 1 minute before flipping over.
6. I recommend apply a bit more egg wash over cooked sides and repeat the cooking.
7. Serve on a plate and enjoy.
PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
Him: PEPPER

Me: (quietly shivering in the corner) pepper pepper pepper, pepper pepper pepper, pepper pepper pepper, pepper pepper pepper
this is cruel
Whats even crazier is that all of his appliances and kitchenware are clean (edited)
Whyyyy soo sad
latvian noises
I feel like I've stumbled into Simple English Wikipedia
Had to check when this was posted. Makes sense now
this video hurt me, emotionally,physically,mentally
This was umm 😐
tf is a stove
It’s clearly an April fools joke, he didn’t use pepper pepper pepper, he used the root of all evil pepper.
Watching this in September gave me whiplash
My family 😟
the number of dislikes. hilarious
This video actually made me angry I was like 'who are you and why isn't the onion on 3 fungo?'
WHAT THE HECK WAS THIS
The instructions were not clear and I got my potato stuck in a fan.
Face reveal ? Show yo self cuuuz
He said stove....
Honestly, I learned something new. I never thought of boiling a potato. I just throw mine in the onion.
HOW COULD YOU DO SUCH A THING?!! THIS IS A JOKE GONE TOO FAR!! >:-(
This is just sin
Ever going to have a face reveal?
The actual joke here is that he boiled it instead of baking.
where the heck was pepper,pepper,pepper.... you good my dude?
I watched this at my sisters and hoped to show my family how funny your material was and this had me so lost. I ended up showing them about ten other videos after this and was cracking up when I realized.
Where’s the intro song
U forgot to take the skin off...😑
Basic instructions.
Ohh I get it... cause its bland
Why do you sound like the how its made narrator but with more personality in this video.
>:o
When there's no more F to give
bwaahahahahahahaha dude.
This hurts me anally
Quality tutorial as always, nothing out of the ordinary!
Wtf one pepper why not three?!?!?!
stop being normal
Noice
This is a joke right ..... please say this is a joke 😐XD
I was waiting for the potato to combust
APRIL FOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSSSSSSSSS
Pepper.......;(
I'm pissed
No.
The only channel who could get this many views for simply boiling a potato 😂 love it!
I had to check the date it was uploaded
April fools?
Unbelievable! Great instruction! Now I must make a boiled potato!
No songs, no pepper pepper pepper, we've all been wangjangled!
WHAT IS GOING ON!?
I zap mine....  😶 is that wrong...  😜
Ohhhhh April’s fool
Is evrything ok?
It’s been 8 months and I’m still uncomfortable
The people in the comment section are so wired
Uh why is this unsatisfying for me
when i saw the pot being filled with water i knew something was wrong
This is a rare video with no shenanigans
Same voice with normal introduction of making a potato made the whole video abnormal.😦
pederastt
it said potatoeS
with the "s"
that means more than one potato
I feel cheated
i have that same pot
It’s a joke turn on the captions at the end
Well ok then
Potato has always been my favorite meal for April 1st Festival of Truth and Straightforwardness.
pot a toe
you monster
I'm noticing a dangerous lack of pepper pepper pepper
WHAT IS HAPPENING
Why was it so calm
It...it h u r t s
... No theme song, no pepper pepper pepper, no ending song with the dogs, HAVE YOU BEEN KIDNAPPED AND HELD FOR RANSOM? WHAT IS HAPPENING ?
No pepper, no intro, no end song, no onion :c
i hope he's okay
Tomato
civilized howtobasic
All these basic hos asking about how he’s not saying “pepper pepper pepper” while in reality, he said fork, not wangjangler.
Still too lazy for this
;_; w..wheres the pepper pepper pepper..
*crying*
This is the first video I’ve ever seen from this channel and I have no clue what’s happening. The comments are significantly contributing to my confusion.
Where are the jokes
I am U n s a t i s f i e d
Lol I’m glad this wasn’t the first one of your vids I watched
This.., this video is a disgrace 
NO INTRO SONG?
NO PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER?
NO HANGOVER VOICE?
WHAT
Whose stove is that??!!
What about the pepper pepper pepper!!!
No intro no pepper pepper pepper what is this madness.
Good with sour cream too
Bet the people who have never seen a video from this channel are confused as hell!
I was left utterly disappointed, where was the energy and where were the other two peppers
WHAT!!!! NO PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER? 😢
Don’t eat me man
aNd SoMe PePpEr
Don’t you ever pull a prank likes this again 😭😭 I was so sad when you just said “pepper” like no no it’s “pepper pepper pepper” 😩😩
Why haven't you done pancakes yet. Do pancakes lololol
Nearly commited suicide when he missed the tripple p
Oh man the joke in this video. If you get it click the like button.
IM CRYING NOW
For April fools day this is a serious cooking video. My god this is both hilarious and odd at the same time. I kept expecting to hear various phrases.
i don’t like this.
Are you ok you dinnit say pepper pepper pepper
...no
So This is a christian version of HowToBasic ?
what is this monstrosity
Anybody else notice how the kitchen is so much nicer
i feel attacked
I wish he did more videos more often.
What happened to him
This episode will make your Dad proud
But he didn't suck at cooking
This truly is just a joke when not even a second “pepper” is uttered, let alone a third. No sour cream either? I might pass out.
This is so wrong
This video was not a yousuckatcooking video
This hurt to watch
What the hell was that?! Haha brilliant!
This one felt wired he thed not look as energetic as the rest of the videos :( 
P.s. 
no peeper peeper :(
No pepper pepper pepper? :,(
Betrayal
I was okay with the pepper... but where is potato song!!!! This is not April fools, this is Apathy fool...
Dude u ok? This doesn't seem like any of your other videos
I feel robbed.
How do you make a potato?
You plant another piece of potato on the ground
Make kabob
I dont like it, it makes my ears feel weird
is this a troll
Some pepper... ??????
This isnt right
:(
No history about potatoes and no songs about potatoes.  Is the world coming to an end.


Best April fool ever.
I will never understand the people who dislike any video... it makes no sense
I think we killed him
pepper pepper
This is so normal it's scary
Amazing
U scare me
I have the same exact stove
Ysac or how to basic
The moment I saw this and was like, YES SOMETHING INTERESTING TO WATCH, then I realized the one rule on April Fools, never trust any videos,
...
what happened my guy? no intro? no wacky recipe? no pepper pepper pepper?
You died
I love you...
Meta.
the singular ‘pepper’ literally hurt
Your funniest one yet
wait...somethings wrong with this one
........holyyyyyyyyyyy fuckin' moly...........disgusting
What is this? A normal cooking video?
How can you cook nothing?
Are you OK this is not normal plz tell me your OK
I’m crying!!
I was jumping in anticipation for the entire first minute because I was waiting for the normal shenanigans and then he bROKE MY HEART
We're us the pepper pepper pepper
DON'T USE HOT WATER FROM THE FAUCET TO COOK WTF!!!!!!!1!!11!11
This is yhe forst video that i saw in this channel and i really got confused
what...
You’re mean
WHERE'S THE PUNS
OOF
😂
Dude ur actually so funny I’m not even lying I’ve already watched all ur videos and I think u should try to make more. I lol everything I watch ur bideo
no pepper pepper pepper ? no undo on four hundo??? no fun editing??? i was quite confuzzed as i was watching this the day after april fools, thinking maybe YSAC was sick or something. no, just wanted to torment us. thx
This one hurt
:(
It still hurts to watch this episode
I actually did what he sed i tasted good
I'm scarred for life.
I'll have to show this video to my therapist.
Its a good potato.
but
pepper pepper pepper
That was...educational?
It's a cry for help
Omg I wanna cry
Something is wrong are you dying man you didn’t even say pepper pepper pepper
....A normal episode?
No it's pepper pepper pepper
Did he actually just give us an actual cooking tip
Are you how to basic? Your hands look the same
You're a monster.
This was not a joke,This was TORTURE
i was triggered when he didnt say pepper pepper pepper
What ?????????????????????
When I heard only one pepper, I had to check if I was on the right channel.
For everyone watching in 2019, check the date this video was published.
Lol
I hated this
Is it just me or does this sound like how it's made?
I've given up
THIS IS THE WORST APRIL FOOLS
We'res the funny stuff
where is pinblokto 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
This is his weirdest video
...
The pepper part was hard to watch.
Can you do a new potato video not on April fools? Baked potatoes or something?
What's wrong!?!?!?!??!  Are you ok?!!?!?!?!??!
Got it
THIS IS TOO NORMAL
Ha Haha. AH. HAHAHAHAHAHA you got me, now where's the REAL Video
Whadafuk
PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER!!! gOSH!
What
BRAVE
What kind of sick heartless April fools joke is this...
That was sad
i fell empty
no
This hurts me inside
ITS NORMAL
im disgusted beyond words
This is just cruel
15 minutes is not nearly enough for a potato even at sea level. 20 is about the minimum. 25 at altitude.
Two in a row with no Wangjangling. I'm going into withdrawal!
BUT BAKING IS BETTER THAN BOILING!
I’m sad now
Who else went "pepper pepper pepper" when he only said it once?
What have you done?!!!?!?
ok now.. we all get it.. its April Fools.. now where is the plot twist.. where is the "Pepper pepper pepper"?
This potato is seasonally depressed.
Jyiammaiy sum potadas
honestly this was helpful to make a potato tho
Marry me
This was painful to watch.
Bland video for the most bland food
Okay...... Lol
Put that thing back where you got it from or so help me
That date though.
I stayed home today so it wouldn't happen to me. 

It just happened.
I was waiting for so many songs, jokes, and montages
Wtf bruh
What happened!! Who hurt you?!?
The stove, ThE StOve!?! THE STOVE?!? where's the onion?!?!!
"And some pepper......"

BUD
This hurts to watch
Bad.
Damn that was irritating
Wait.
Me: I can do this
Burns down the house 5 minutes later.
I have an extra thicc potato, how long should it simmer?
Pepper? I've never heard of those. Is it anything like Pepper Pepper Pepper?
no pepper pepper pepper. thumbs down
What the hell man
That was terrifying
These instructions were terrible my house burned down
pepper pePPER PEPPER
2 weeks man, are you alive?
What
I died a little watching that
I wonder if he is depressed....
this april fools joke was takin too far
When he only said pepper once I thought it's the end of the world
Where are the jokes and puns?? Im left with my mouth gaping open....i guess i will stuff my perfectly cooked potato in it 😮
i found this educational so i'm not sure why everyone is so confused
This is why potatoes are the best. Simple and delicious.
I like how this is trending @#5. 823 viewers don't understand the joke.
Thanks.
What.
Instructions weren't clear enough I got the carrot stuck in the stove
a really basic vid for a really basic dish
This should be illegal from you..
I don’t care if he tried to be funny or serious or if that was the joke, but my heart sank when I only heard him say pepper... it heart
some pepper I think I died
Who are you.
April Fools sucks.
Him not saying pepper pepper pepper is uncomfortable
Wait.... what? No song? no pepper pepper pepper? 😢😢😢
Hello, Humans. My name is Terrance. Earth is a very strange place. Humans are a very odd species. I can't believe there are 7.2 billion of you on this planet. I've learned much over my time spent on this planet. The things I've discovered, I'll never forget. Sometimes in life, you just end up on Youtube. So many Humans love to go on this website. Terrance will continue to watch the videos created by Humans. All this in hopes of consuming as many Youtube videos as possible. It fascinates me how much one can learn listening to Humans.

TERRANCE OUT
you ok?
no
These are joke videos right?
Only 1 pepper.. mildly disappointed.
How. Could. You. Im gonna crawl in a ball. And die
Oh
What.
Who hurt you?
The worst part about the pepper... was when he gave it pepper pepper pepper anyway. D..8
Ok
h e  o n l y  s a i d  p e p p e r  o n c e
Why
Rip
"It's just a prank bro"
where is pepper pepper pepper :(
Is everything alright? Pepper once for no and twice for yes.
This episode was as bland as a potato
wait! what the heck.... where is the theme song?? and pepper, pepper,pepper??? oh and the story line??? ugh :-(
What a sad day for humanity
ok
Warning  the following footage may be disturbing to some, viewer discretion is advised. 🚨☢☣⚠🚨
What's a "stove"???
: (
Boo
What surprised me was that he didn't have a sense of humor in the video
I don't think I can live with this, everything I've known... It's all a mist now
This video is bland...

Like potatoes
Disappointing....
Noo what happened to the channel what happened to the humor, what happened to triple p????
Where'a mah pepperpepperpepper?
God, him not saying pepper pepper pepper made me hurt inside
You fool.
Really rude and disrespectful
No pepper pepper pepper? He has sold out to conglomerates and has forgotten his routes, the egg detective needs to investigate this crime!!
Something died inside me when he said pepper once
Tried it but I end up burning the water. Help please.
i was expecting that.....
Why is this trending
Literally the only April Fools' joke that made me laugh, so kudos! Now back to sucking!
kaaaaaa reeepy
YSAC is an absolute genius.  I loved the pauses at the end of each clip.  Perfect timing for a joke like this!!!!!
so unnatural.. so.. robotic. delete this video please.
High production value.  Perfect editing.  This is your best video yet.
Honestly its somehow more condescending when he doesnt have the whole “you suck at cooking” bit for a dish as simple as this... I love it.
Sprinkle on some pepper
There was only one "pepper". My life is ruined.
You boiled it that took all the yumminess out you always bake the potatoes
I forgot the day was today, so I wondered why it was such a normal and legit tutorial. What a great Easter Fools joke!
im confused
You have a new stove?
I dont like change!
The potato must be an inferior western potato. Slav potato will tell you 'idi nahui' if not done.
NO Pepper pepper pepper
There is a disturbance in the force..
This was boring lol
But what about baked  ?!
My potato wasn’t cooked long enough and ran away. Had to buy more.
Best April Fools from YSAC
Bravo Sir!
I was so sad and then I realized it came out on the first...like, where's my 'pepper pepper pepper'?
Now i understand that it is so discusting because of april fools
This is even sadder than the Pimblokto videos
not even pepper pepper pepper?
Waste of gas........ use a pressure cooker
No "pepper pepper pepper" what the hell man, Not cool !!
This is the most useless video on YouTube
What
YOU DIDNT SAY PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER AND MY NIGHT IS NOT THE SAME NOW
Just got blue balls from a video about potatoes...
Whut....
This isn't okay
He boiled it!!!!!!!! This is wrong for so many reasons, I’m in pain!
AHA
wtf? it was so direct... man! pull yourself together!
Why
April 1st, 2018 is a day of mourning.
Rest in Pepper pepper pepper.
Eh, still gonna eat it.
Everyone else: Well it's April fools so I better do something wacky!

YSAC: Let's release the most boring video I possibly can.

Honestly this is one of my favorite channels and this video was quality content.

Unfortunately I've been diagnosed with leukemia because you didn't day pepper pepper pepper
"How THICC your potatoe is"
"And some pepper..."
Me "dies"
ضيعتي ليا جوج دقايق على ود بطاطة مسلوقة
This was on April fools day
Are you feeling okay bud?
This hurt my soul
This made me sad.
I suck at understanding i totally suck (pepper pepper pepper).  Got it, i totally suck at 1st april too
student life
HowToBasic Brother
OH NO!!! HE'S BROKEN!!!
This is the single greatest channel I have ever randomly discovered thank you
Wait, I’m confused. What kind of potato? And where do I buy this unique food? Do I eat the outer layer of this potato? Was that salted or unsalted butter? Sea salt? Iodized or not? Pls help!! This video left me wit more questions than answers.
Why
Wow
Why didn't he say pepper pepper pepper
Am I in the matrix?
Butt who do yew bake u putater/
U tew can potato
I really hate April fool's just for this reason
You know, I can deal with the serious instruction since it's April Fool's and all, but the lack of amazing music is going too far.
This is the perfect April 1 joke.
THIS IS SO COMPLICATED
I feel cheated and lied to
so, you should totally do something related to hispanic cuisine for your next video, because i literally start giggling when i imagine you singing “chupas en la cocina, si, eres totalmente malo” in the intro 😂
Thank you now I know
I had no idea you could cook a russett like that
Brilliant prank
Pepper pepper pepper
Nice video. Yeah, this deserves to be in trending imo. I wouldnt have found this video otherwise since how to channels tend to be obscure unless you're a parody like How To Basic.
Do u play ps4 if u do wat is u name on it
The joke is that there are no jokes.
WHAT HAPPENED TO PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER WHEN HE CRUSHES IT!
Who’s here before this is on trending??
Gah where’s the pepper pepper pepper and the wang ganglers
Eduardo from foster's home for imaginary friends, would be so proud
Cool
This physically hurt me
I’m sad
There will come a day when we don't suck at cooking. Just wait.
I could imagine being this guys neighbor lol I'd be like "hey honey our neighbors doing weird shit again with food in the woods"
G E T  B A C K  O U T S I D E
I once tried to make pesto from broccoli...  I'm trying not to re-live that fateful day, but I will tell you... The byproduct is explosive.
It’s actually 
”fai schifo a cucinare yeah fai totalmente schifo”
someone added the rubbing basil on the tires thing to the wikipedia page for buck creek, indiana i'm crying
After eating this your gonna need some pesto-bismol 🔥
"small to medium large size pieces of random gravel"
pass me some more eucalyptus rick
I don't have access to small stones but I do have a digital kitchen scale. What is the conversion from small stones to grams or ounces?
Here in flagstaff there are both pine trees and cacti, I can tell you that they are terrible enemies and the war still wages on.
Nice Channel, I Discovered Today! I was Bored at Cooking, Now Get Good Entertainment and Fun.
"If pine trees and cacti met in real life would they be friends or enemies?"

Yes.
Will Pimblokto return? Did he thaw out? Will he ever learn to clean up after himself? GIVE US MORE PIMBLOKTO!
You forgot "Shrek's sperm" called by me.
"Trending".
First video I've seen from this channel, I laughed until my hindquarters fell off. Cooking isn't even one of my hobbies but learning is and I want to see more!
I wish you posted more, youre my fave youtuber
I saw someone in the forest building a nest and laying a cup with green stuff in it... I know how you look like and where you live...
YES YET ANOTHER GREAT MORNING
Free Replay button:
0:14
dude tf is that thing walking in the background at 3:42
Who else googled what rubbing basil on tires meant after watching this video?
Cuchinary?!!! Hahahah i love your personality, it always makes me happy like the freshly cought worm pure on my pasta. 🐛
"Get back outside" Im crying😂😂😂
Shakespear quote of the day:


GET BACK OUTSIDE
You are one of the most creative YouTubers I've ever come across 👍💯
Do they really rub Basil on tires in Buck Creek Indiana?
I can tell by the way he wangjangles that he has a long one IRL
My family was unamused.  Should I throw them out and get a new one?
I already knew how to make it. Just put some basil and other stuff in and pesto change-o!






I'll leave
You are a scream!  Should be an SNL writer!
Finally, someone else who appreciates the magical leaf that is basil!!!
Bruv it's bah-zil
This makes me want to make some pesto sauce and pasta😥❤
loved the Italian intro XD
(Btw I'm Italian)
Cuchinaray is the best spell ever, Accademia della Crusca should make it official!
when you go to like a video but you already liked it.
anytime I make pesto it makes a mesto
"Pass me some more eucalyptus Rick"
The best sauce on the world?

Dude ali-oli exist you know?
The basil bacon sandwich looks super YUM 😍❤️🤣
get back outside
I kind of wish you made and tried the knockoff pesto
Not even one minute into my first video of yours... Subbed! I'm in tears, thank you sir for making me laugh today :)
I tried making pesto... Once. 😭
I can confirm, YSAC, that we do not blend it now. This is sacrilege. A crusade is imminent
♫ Pesto, you're what a mess though ♫
♫ Inside my chesto ♫
♫ Pesto ♫
♫ Pesto, let's make a nesto ♫
♫ Where we can resto ♫
♫ While I digesto ♫
♫Pesto ♫
Those pieces of gravel have really made my kitchen better.
I love your editing skills man. 1000000000000000000000000000/10. Very accurate. Your vids always makes me hungry and laugh at the same time. Goodluck onyour youtube career and everything.. GODBLESS YA!
OMG !!! Lemon in the pesto!!!! Are u serious???? That's not guacamole!!!
Get Back Outside
Dude i love this guy so much <3
I'm from Genoa and I totally loved this, I'll call it Blendo from now on.

Please, save me from the wrath of the citizens of Genoa.
"in butt-creek indiana people rub it on their wheels for good luck"
Incorrect.
we use it to plug our noses to avoid the smell of manure in the morning.
Mortar and pestles: 


am I a joke to you?
Sometimes, your voice sounds like Tina (Bob's Burgers).

Jimmy Pesto would be pleased...
#2 on trending, Woohoo!!
I was at the organic produce/grocery/organic crap store to get some essential oils for my diffuser, and my sister, who watched the video, goes, "Pass me some more eucalyptus, Rick." in a really deep voice
lmaoooo
The way parmesan was pronounced in this video makes me so uncomfortable. I am not okay.
as an italian i have to testify against the "permanent ban" part
you won't get banned
but we Will hunt you down
insta sub for the random gravel trick
Why have I just discovered this Channel??? Lol where have you been all my life !!
Aaah bello capire il titolo è molto soddisfacente...oh wait...
Aaah it's very satisfaing understanding the title...
Yep italians are watching!
Boss: why are your tired green?
me: oh, I just put PESTO SAUCE all over it because I want to be lucky
Boss: your fired.
Basil is the name of my hippie friend who also likes your channel. Although I'm pretty sure he'd make terrible pesto.
I suggest adding the oil after you blend basil+pine nuts + garlic. And then add the parmesan. It will be more crunchy. If you blend all the engredient together you obtain a smoothie...
pine trees and cactus are my new favorite ship.
Pesto is one of the greatest sauces thanks
Haha your humor adds a great deal to the video! Thank you for this straight forward recipe!
Ha! Too late, "Italians"! You already banned me for life years ago!
Jordan Schlansky's only ever liked video in YouTube.

That and the Italy national anthem.
When I make pesto I leave our cheese : /




Does that ban me from Italy?
I got pleasantly surprised when he did the intro in Italian 😂😂😂 the way he produced it got me dead 😂😂😂😂
You know what I am ok at cooking
Making beef Wellington, and odd foods like stuffed steak rolls
But I still love this channel
Whatever you smoke when making these videos- I want some.
HEY SLAPNUTS GET A REAL COOK!
🔥GUY FIERI🔥
i liked the random gravel analogy
My new favorite YouTuber!😂👌🏾
Pesto more like Ernesto! Ha got’em
Making this tmr !
I use basil n kale. Lol
I knew you would blow up bro, your videos are top notch comedy and so well done. Was just a matter of time till you caught steam and everyone got to see your work. Now your vids come out and your always on the trending list. So awesome, don't know you but happy for you, well deserved, keep it up and keep blessing us with your comedy gold and great cooking recipes.
YouTube has really step up their game when it comes to their recommendations.
HAHAHAAH THE ITALIAN INTRO IS SO MISPRONOUNCED THAT IT MILLED ME AHAHAHA
As an italian from Genoa I'm very satisfied about the color of the Blendo, but honestly the lemon is something I've never saw anywhere, instead add a drop of fresh milk, just explain to the cow (with enormous hand gestures) that you need her juice. 
Above the lemon, by the way, this is the most accurate realization of pesto I've ever seen from ya ammerregani, good job.
Dang now he’s bilingual
I’m banned from Italy now:(
Ysac, you ARE a pesto ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Thumbs up from Genoa, Italy!
I'm Immortal Forever.
Pesto actually shares an etymological root with the word "pestilence"
GIT back outside 🍂
This channel is amazing......
I have been living under a rock
There's so much chaotic energy surrounding a beautifull container of fresh pesto out in the wild without a lid. It frightens me
When it balances with 7-10 small to medium large size rocks? Got it
Just carrying your famous pesto dip to the colt potluck in the  middle of the woods I see.
i want spagetti blendo now with cherry tomatos and gambas <3
It’s pronounced cuKinari
Can you make a humus vid :)))) We need it man
Finally i can finish my questo to find the best Pesto
You earned a sub from that broccoli smash in your ramen video
How have I never discovered this channel before? Pure art ♥️
pesto is a glimpse into heaven, provided by sarcastic angels who where like "hey taste that! good huh? well now go on live a miserable life knowing you have to wait 100 years for anything to even taste close to that.
also here's heroin. it feels great, but it also ruins your life. so don't try it. K. Byyye! "
And than they flashed a middle finger and where gone.
Lyrics for the best song of 2018:
Pesto,
You're what a mess though
Inside my chesto,
Pesto,
Pesto, let's make a nesto
Where we can resto,
While i digesto,
Pesto.
This is disrespectful for baby yisus, you didn't use pepper pepper pepper
S H R E K   M I L K
Blendo™, or as italians say: Frullo™
I can confirm that the intro is pretty accurate... 0:14
filthy Canadian jk i love you dad
The lemon? 
The lemon???? 
THE LEMON???????
How to Basil... Coincidance?


Yes!!! Jesus...
Wasn't disappointed
Edit: 3:24
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
GET BACK OUTSIDE! lmaoooo dead asf
Alien blood sauce
Omg this is by far my favorite channel now lmao i love everything about these vids hahaha 🙌👐😃😀💚💚💚💚
Hey.  That Big Lebowski reference has earned you a subscriber, dude.
YSAC
“It’s like HowToBasic, but...not.”
GET BACK OUTSIDE 😂😂😂😂😂
i swear if you do an episode in that made up language called italian or in an accent, i will applaud you as the greatest youtuber ever
"Pass me some more eucalyptus, Rick."

We need some more talking giraffes in these videos
These videos are hilarious 
(I know they're joke videos)
Honestly, thank you for making me smile
In my country we have basil but we only plant it in gardens for decorations 
We never use it in food 
My family thinks that I'm crazy because I use it as food
Omg - I live in Buck Creek Indiana man. Thanks for the shout out!
Delicious! Thanks for the recipe!
You do not blend pesto! Trust me i'm italian. But still great video as usual
GET BACK OUTSIDE!!
everytime i see the female me in my house cooking food.  GET BACK OUTSIDE.
Pesto is amazing because if you put it on:
- pasta
- veggies
- any meat
- salads
it always tastes awesome.
At first the thumbnail looked like their 
was a frog stuck in the fresh bazil.
"alien blood sauce"
"Pesto, you are the besto, inside my chesto"
The stomach isn't stored in the chest, the heart (organ that pumps blood, I'm sure you can see where im going here) is. Did admit to being an alien.
Legend has it that pesto was in fact invented by the basil plant itself to perpetuate its existence because people would keep growing it to make pesto
This man predicted the lemon car meme
Boi, that ain't pesto. Need to blend a lil less, and tons more olive oil. But coolio recipe 👌
You forgot "hulks loads" as Joe Rogan calls it.
You're like the Regular Car Reviews of cooking
If I ever become an author I want him to do my audio books.
Officialy my favorite cooking channel <3
Nothing up my sleeve.....Pesto!
Face reveal at 2 Mio?    Or 5 if that will ever happen  :)
Go to pound town 
Translation
Wanna go to pesto town?
I hate pesto. Not only did it walk out on me, it stole my dog.
WE WANT EGG SERIES 5 DAMMIT!!!!
Pesto, you're what a mess though,
you are a besto,
inside my chesto,
Pesto
Pesto, let's make a nesto,
Where we can resto,
While I digesto,
Pesto
"Get back outside!"

hah thats what my mom said to me
Man that was hilarious. Just subscribed. Too damn funny.
Pesto. 
It's the besto.
 Everybody knows it
from the east to the westo
how could a leaf be so tasty

Highlight of the video
Dude you're hella funny. Just subscribed.
Is the title of your channel supposed to be ironic? Because nothing you make here is actually all that impressive. Is the point supposed to be that even people who "suck at cooking" can make things that are delicious? Because than I would respect this video more.

Just curious about how self-aware you are about the dishes you make.
the Italian intro reminds me of when trader Joe's calls their Italian products trader Giotto's
When you live in Buck Creek...
That outro really brought me deeper into the subject at the end. Fascinating.
You can measer a cup of basil with a cup of basil
If you're on a budget you can use sunflower seeds, I can't eat pesto with pine nuts because I grew up on the budget version and "normal" pesto just tastes weird and wrong to me.
I SWEAR THIS GUY IS SO FUNNY AND CLEVER😂😂😂🌱🌱🌵
I didn't know I needed this in my life but now I know and I'm so happy to have reached a higher state of being
2:39
Lemon car
I watch these instead of going to bed. It is day 3,782 of not going to bed or school and I am out of videos to watch and I think I might have to read a book.
Is the phrase "Going down to Poundtown" actually referring to traveling to Genoa?
Can I substitute the whole ingredients with my italian fetish and crippling depression???
Mortar and PESTOl
haha, probably the most creative cooking video i have ever seen! i mean, the outro song alone... 😂makes me realise i need to step up my own content!
“Get back outside!”

_Asian Parents after you got an A -
I thought he said butt creek-
I have to pick up my dad from the airport in 5 minutes but that can wait
Hilarious! Thanks for the video ;)
this video helped me remember that pine nuts are in pesto for a bonus question on my econ test i love u
Determined to watch every episode 😂
Bruh #2 on trending??? I’m so proud 😭😭😭
If you can't afford pine nuts, because they're insanely expensive...use walnuts. You really won't notice the difference. Especially if it's the first time you taste pesto.
Congrations on trending 
(Yes that misspelled word was intentional)
I was really sad today, but after watching your videos I'm laughing like nothing happened! 
THANK YOU SO MUCH
~subscribed~
Your sense of humor has a really weirdly intellectual undertone to it 😲😂
NOOOOO LEMON JUICE IN PESTO cries in italian
Yes this was literally the perfect way to wake up :)
Every video I'm conflicted on how accurate anything (everything?) he says is.
Oh yeah yeah
this video is fckin amazing 😂
I'm Italian and the translated jingle actually sent my sides in orbit
I power stone crushed my nuts.
Does the pain make it taste better?
You are the pesto inside my chesto 😂❤
Awesome! Love the Italian intro <3
"GET BACK OUTSIDE" 😂😂😂😂😂
when will pimblokto be charged back up?
Pine Cones would immediately attack Cactuses as their nature is inherently hostile
Giraffes don't eat eucalyptus, they eat acacia.
GET BACK OUTSIDE
Pimbloto would have loved this pesto.
pesto's just big energy guac.
I may have to pay the price://..

much love, take care, brother:))black_heartx2*..
Oh I'd rub it on more than my tires ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
why do you pronounce -ing as -een? it bugs me out :(
bro i live next to a river in in Indiana named kill buck creek crazy
That intro really caught me off guard
Ahaha this deserves its really high on trending. (Currently number 2 but if its at number 2 20 hours after uploading, it probably was on 1 at some point). Guess that babish collab helped, and also the quality of your videos is outstanding and somehow getting better.
"Be quite Devin"🤣 ❤🙌
May the Italian cooking gods bless  yet another fine work from this channel. This series is art
Asked for a pound from one of my friends and got an... erm... interesting result
When Casually Explained meets How to Basic
Your Blendo™️ looks delicious
You need to make a recipe book at 100 recipes
oh blessed day!
Finally, an awesome YouTuber from Indiana.
i think this is the only accurate English pesto recipe on youtube
Yeah, Pesto is really the best sauce
i am a cheff and BLENDO made my day hahahaha genius!
i think i broke my touchpad clicking this notification too hard
I'm still wondering if he has a playlist of those ending songs
Bay leaves are probably the most potent
I wonder how the substitute version which would earn me an instant lifelong ban from Italy would taste like... tbh...
Not gonna lie the basil bacon sandwich looks delicious 🥓 BUT IM A CILANTRO QUEEN. 💝🔱🔱🔱🔱🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔🔔👑👑👑👑👑
G E T  B A C K  O U T S I D E
I haven't made pesto in ages, this inspired me to do it again! One of the greatest foods on planet earth!
Pesto is much better in my opinion when actually processed by hand, i.e. cutting all the ingredients by hand and then using mortar and pestle to grind it up. The texture compliments the  taste amazingly.
You're psycho. I just subscribed.
Got pine nut mouth once. Could taste metal for 2 months
basil basil basil
The ministry of Pizza® pasta® mandolino® mafia® approves of this video.
I don't even know why I watched this. I'm deathly allergic to Pine Nuts
1:56 that is a really good question
hmmm 😋 bone apple tea!!
its called salad sauce
Except for the blender part (totally understandable) this is truly a good looking pesto alla genovese. You should also try different types of pesto, like pesto alla Bolognese for example. Btw kudos for making an italian happy about italian cousine brought abroad
I like pesto on my pizza instead of tomato sauce
I like your videos. They're calming and funny.
......





HI MY NAME IS DAVE
THIS POEM IS RANDOM
MICROWAVE


....is it bad that i made this stuff.....it was noice...
























No it was NOT
Joke’s on you, I’m already banned from Italy
binging with babish in college is this channel
I love your work, thank you, thank you so much.
CONGRATS on the 1mil 🍾🍾🍾
I saw that he uploaded this video and i got so excited that i just sat there for a couple minutes and forgot how to breathe
Beautiful basil smoothie. Did you know pesto is the 2nd most popular pasta sauce?
That Buck Creek IN joke was great. I'm from Dayton, you should do a Lafayette meet up.
I take it you don't approve of Red pesto then ( bloody phone keys being the wrong size)
“while this will earn you a lifetime ban from italy” has me rolling omg
Still the besto
GET BACK OUTSIDE
This video needed just one more "Get back outside" because that might be the funniest thing ever
“Get back oot side.”
Canadia?
Hey YSAC! I think you're canadian, but came to america! You say a-boot and bore-oh. Can you confirm it deny!
This man is the mr. regular of cooking.
This is so genius! Great channel!
I feel like you helped write the script for swiss army man
I’m too lazy to go to the store.. can I just go outside and find a tree then rub the shit out of the leaves?.. 

Edit: didn’t expect this to happen.... now I’m at the hospital..
Imagine  walking in a forest and coming across a random dude whos making different  camera/video shots of a bowl of pesto
I AM SUSCRIBED. I DID NOT GET THE NOTIFCATION FOR THE VIDEO!
gg, so glad you made it to top 6 with this one.
How can this guy make a 4 minute video feel like an hour
Pesto actually comes from the word "pestilence"
I think cacti and pine trees are friends because in my yard we have a lot of pine trees with little patches of cacti growing around them. I think that since the cacti are smooth with hard, little spines and needles all over them they get cold easily, therefore, they like to sleep next to pine trees because the trees will drop a blanket of soft needles for them when it gets cold. Pine trees have maternal instincts and want to protect cacti.
Mmmm green sauce
I tried pesto once and it actually tasted like vomit but like okay sure I guess it's cool whatever man
I can’t watch this video anymore without thinking about run!bts’s episode where team Ref make pesto pasta😂😂 any armys?
You should do an episode on the second best sauce: Alfredo sauce, or, as I like to pretend they call it in Spanish, Alejandro sauce.
FAI SCHIFO A 
CUCHINARAY 
YEAH SCHIFO 
TOTALMENTE
PINE TREE VS CACTUS AUGUST 25 2019
I was literally watching a bunch of your older vids yesterday thinking to myself “damn I hope YSAC uploads soon” my prayers have been answered!
Okay, that was funny and informative.
I'm italian. I laughed. EZ
Hey you made it on the trending list
This is a return to form, YSAC.
GET BACK OUTSIDE
YSAC, mi fai schifo. But somehow I still love you :3
Greetings from Italy, you canadese del cazzo <3
cucinarY 😂 😂
my mother used to make pesto. you made me remember her, anbd now I'm crying :c
Do I have to give you a dollar now every time I say Blendo™?
Herb your enthusiasm. 🌿
Better cook then Gordan Ramsey
Dang, I freaking love this guy
I wonder if ysac is bill wurtz slightly farther away from the Mic...
This man is my god
Being 100% italian... approved by my grandma
First time i look ur video, it was good made and u funny aswell,,,

//sweden
So is it true that you will be praised by Italians as their Leader if you put Spaghetti with Pesto on a Pizza alla Magaritha di Italia?
do a face reveal. That'd be the besto :D
Its been called diarrhea




by me
Yes... but have you tried Geuse-ing the Bazel?
GET BACK outside.
GET BACK OUTSIDE!
i like how this channel went from half-assed-kinda recipes to just random sentences containing whatever food.
The end of the video tells me you are howtobasic
Du suger på matlaging ja, du suger helt
Norsk
p a s s   m e   s o m e   e a u c a l y p t i s   r i c k
Smoothieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
'parmezan' I spy a canadian
I've been binge watching these videos for a good eight hours now(with few breaks in-between) and it is now six in the morning where I am at. I have gotten no sleep. And yet, I still feel like these videos have given me something...Special...

Nah, I'm just a lazy piece of shit that wants to suffer. Great videos though.
Never seen any videos you put out until this. Did not know what I was in for 😂
I smashed all of my shiny ornaments but i didn't get anything :(
I click for the food and stay for the song
Watcin in school bathroom
Freakin ha ha hilarious
Garlic is a choice of the chef, i prefer it without garlic
1:17 
Face revel!!?!
Congrats on being on the trending page dude!! ♥️
Why am I just discovering this?!?
What I want to know is how that giraffe got a  square pattern on him??????
This channel is great :D
Bay zill.
Bayzill Fawlty?
Nope.
Baz all
"Every Tuesday"
LMAO THAT INTRO IN ITALIANish
I'm less than two hours away from buck creek!
Tanto amore, la descrizione mi ha fatto morire <3 Love you YSAC
He sounds more happier then usual...
"Immortal" and "Forever" aren't that similar, no worries YSAC
Giraffes are absolutely looking down on us.
0:47 




He bought it from EA
I'm thankful you didn't breach the polarizing subject of pronouncing "herb" when discussing basil - the 'herb' versus 'erb' debate remains in tact. For now.
Your channel is amazing <3
this was hilarious so obviously i had to immediately subscribe
How am I just now discovering this channel?
pine trees and cacti were talking in my discord server today so i guess they've got a long distance thing going.
I've never been this early
press a to pound
The song at the end was so good
you sound like casually explained
Where can I buy the single? I will have that stuck in my head for days.
This is trending bro!:D
MY NEW FAVORITE YOUTUBER/ YOUTUBE CHANEL
Do Modified Chow Mein
I liked the part with the cooking and the pesto.
GET BACK OUTSIDE!
Nice italian intro BOI
Actually this is good information.  You can make pesto out of ANY leafy green, oil, salt, lemon.  keep these videos coming!
It's really good on pizza.
nice blendo you made
This yt channel is like howtobasic, but has actual cooking, but the chef has adhd
Bro your in indiana? I live here too and close.
"Get Back Outside!"
Idk my dumb youtube doesnt remind me of this vid but luckily i had my 1576 Egyptian Giraffe which speaks Italian to remind me
Amazing on toast
Perhaps the most underrated Italian sauce ever
GET BACK OUTSIDE.
The intro in Italian made my whole day but you suck at accents (pun intended)
BLENDO
GET BACK OUTSIDE
WHY IS IS SO S M O O T H





IT SHOULDN'T BE THAT 




BY THE WAY, WHY DOES THE SONG SOUND LIKE SOMETHING OUT OF THE MIGHTY BOOSH
You have a great presentation! I love the positive energy and you were not boring.
I freakin love this series.
I keep waiting for the day I watch a new video of his and go "meh, this is getting old."  Alas, that day has yet to come.
May I borrow some Blendo?
This video explained why I’m not allowed to be in Italy
as an Italian, this is so hard and fun to watch
approvato dal comitato culinario italiano con un bel DIECI dal nostro sponsor Alessandro Borghese
Listen... you gotta show how to lasagna
If we can't edit the Wikipedia article for Buck Creek, Indiana, I'M EDITING THE ONE FOR BASIL
Just discovered this channel and it is now my favorite thing ever
GET BACK OUTSIDE
well, blimey, you got yourself a subscriber
This was so funny I cried...Hope you're happy NOW!! Actually fantastic👏😸
The thing is, I actually suck at cooking
Do a tomato sauce next. Also cactus's and pine cones are best friends
if pine trees discover cactuses would they be friends or enemies lol ;)
GET BACK OUTSIDE
HowToBasic's other channel! Let the world know!!!
Its italian
geT BACK OUTSIDE
please don't blend your pesto
use a pestle and mortar
please
Mine eyes widened with euphoria at this gracious upload from above.
Pass me some more eucalyptus Rick.
GIT Back outside!!!
Congrats on #10 on trending dude!
last time i was this early when adam havent eaten the apples
I dug a cactus up that was under a pine tree. 



They were not friends
0:14
I can smell this video
i've never hustled to find the subscribe button this fast before 
i worship you now, child of immense wisdom
"Get back outside!"
sigh I've heard that phrase more than you'd think...
Is anyone else jealous of the awesome forest he has In his (I presume yard)
This is easy to make all you need to do is

1. Put basil in blender
2. Blender until your neighbors think you died 
3. Karl Marx turns off the blender and praises you because he knows you are going to share that pesto
4. Say, "Fk you!" And put a price tag on that pesto

Wait that wasn't in the instruction?
buttcreak indiana?
sheeeiiiit
were are your dog's, your vids have a really low doggo presence
this pesto is the besto
Gordon Ramsay is QUAKING
This is the best channel I love it so much I can't express how great it is
AND THEN I WILL BE IMMORTAL FOREVER!
You deserve more than a million subscribers
Beautiful. I always wondered what a basil leaf’s aspirations were
Why are you so mean to Devon? He has such an adorable voice!
Also your pronunciation is everything
Quality. Content.
7 to 10 small to medium large size pieces of random gravel. Lol
I'm not from Buck Creek, but I thought I'd try rubbing basil on my tires. I don't know what happened, but it turned my basil into oregano. Is this what usually happens in Buck Creek?
Sometimes I forgot I'm watching a cooking video because you make me laugh your unique
Fresh basil from my garden, lemon juice, extra garlic, pinole seeds, California olive oil and good bread. THAT'S pesto.
#47 on trending in Canada!
This man just made a scale hat actually makes sense. Hold the heckling phone , borther
You know what a hare-lipped magician says when he does a trick?..."PESTO!"
Ryan Is Driving, is that you?
My brother goes to buckcreek to watch trains lol
Pesto or a lunchbox full of pesto?





I choose lunchbox because it is cooler
“It’s been called the greatest sauce to ever walk the face of earth” Because sauce can walk
My mom makes a good pesto
When the guitar chords started playing, I thought that I was getting Northern Downpoured.
I would add the pine nuts but I don't have $14.87 to spend on EACH NUT.
The thumbnail looks like the "get a job" soup spongebob gives squidward in that episode where squidward stays at his house
How do you store it tho? Whenever I store pesto it gets mouldy really quickly
I think this is the first episode without any wanjangling. I needs da wangjangler!
I enjoy this way too much XD
The serious lack of Wang-Jangling has got me in the mood for a hot-pocket.
Cold in the middle and hot with seething anger on the outside.
Pass me some more eucalyptus, Rick
That drawing was pretty good.  I didn't know it was possible to draw a "Chad" giraffe.  Impressive
As someone from Indiana, I con confirm we rub basil on our tires.
What if some one sees you in the woods
pass me some more eucalyptus rick
Always wanted to learn how to make pesto. This shit was hilarious :D
Get outside!!!!!!!!!! And sing the outro.
If you are allergic to nuts you can use sunflower seeds.
BEST COOKING SHOW EVERRRRRRRRRRR
I'm from Italy, and I wouldn't ban you for the parsley pesto... I'd just make YOU eat that sh*t!! 
One awesome variation.... rocket instead of basil and pistachios/walnuts instead of pine nuts.
You blended it way too hard. It isn't supposed to have the consistency of marmite.
Alien blood sauce. What a beautiful name.
#2
Well, if you blend it you should call it "frullo", 'cause "frullare" is the italian verb for "to blend".
Lemon?! Nope.
Pine trees and cactus do not get along. Their fight for territory has left my backyard a war-torn wasteland. Sometimes there is an uneasy truce, but it never lasts more than a couple weeks.
I live for your videos. I wish we were friends, I feel like your humor and mine can get along perfectly fine.
Pass me some more eucalyptus Rick
You always seem to upload when I’m having a crappy day. Your videos make it better. So thank you for that.
I NAMED MY NEW DOG BAISIL!;
“Get back outside!!!”
Ok ok what is that intro
Much of Europe’s lemons in the 15 path century came from Sicily, so there were a lot of lemons in Italy
give me a pound ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
ugh why cant i draw like you ):
I appreciate your videos and they satisfy my quests for more food
curry leaves have more flavor
DEVON WHAT THE FRICK?
I AM YOUR GOD
Our boi's back
Hahaha brilliant
get back inside
You should do a collab with Binging with Babish!
"Get back oatside!"  -Canadians
You can slather that pesto all over my body you sexy disembodied voice.
#10 Trending- Good job world
2:25
i prefer adding exrra parmesano at the moment of serving for extra awesomes
I can't help but wonder; are you an engineer?
Crushed pesto is a far superior product to blended pesto, the true power of basil isn't released until it has fasted the might wrath of gravity
You have the amazing voice! It melts me
Love the humor. Good work guys.
Presto you got some pesto
Im allergic to pine nuts.
Who went straight to the comments after seeing the intro
I'm even not sure how many lemons there were in Genoa in 1576, but I'm totally sure that no one lemon shall be into pesto.  No one lemon, neither juice! Greetz from Genoa
Literally no basil recipe warns you about the part where blending olive oil will cause it to become extremely bitter and ruin your pesto.
Only here can I come to learn about cooking and the history of basil
comments, on a scale of 1-10, how sexy is pesto?
To answer your question No
I wonder if this guy will have a face reveal like howtobasic's
Idk how i got here but i love the humor hahaha
Just realised I've seen every video and I'm devastated that I still suck at cooking
this is my ig bio
Wait wait wait, you live In Indiana? Me too!
This is my favorite song that you have written so far.
My life has more reason
but u need to roast the pine nuts first!!! thats how ma momma does it
Lets make a nesto, so we can resto, while we digesto, the pesto
That title hit     D      E      E      P
Did anyone else find the ending ominous AF??
Why are you amazing?
Molcajete pronouced mole cuh het e say it fast and thats spanish
GOD fricken pine nuts are so good
I'm italan lol😂
Wait! Did you just say But Creek Indiana? Well that explains a lot.
First of your videos I have ever seen. Last time I laughed this hard was when I found Brandon Rogers. Instant sub.
comedy is spot on, good video bro
i kinda want pimblokto back like he just charged back up or something
The first ever American video about cooking appreciated by Italians
ysac, do you live in buck creek?
will lemon bazil work?
The Pesto song sounds like it could be an Adam Sandler song
BAPPO LIKES PESTO
You made pesto with avocadoeeesssss!
pesto is alien blood sauce
okay listen i don't live in buck creek but i know that in northern indiana we literally do that.............. so like
basil is

s i c c
Dude you have almost no haters/dislikes ;)
Came to learn how to make Pesto, stayed and subscribed because I can't stop laughing
If you say basil instead of basil you're a tool
This italiano it's fantastico mamma mia (translate it)
I love you.
Tempesto Tempasta
In answer to your question, I introduced my cactus to a pine tree. War ensued and I fear for the future. Please send help and bactine
The intro tho
could you recomend a phome that has a scale i can use for yhis recipe
Where can I buy that beautiful green marble mortar and pestle please?
The intro in italian is really goog, hahahaha
Face reveal at 10mil subs
finally at 1 million! Congrats!!!
I like pesto
Jake Paul ain't got nothin' on this content!
I wish I liked pesto but I just don't. I've tried to like it but it just doesn't work for me.
In most of his videos i try to recreate the flavor in my mouth
I had some kale pesto once that was actually really good. And it was easier, because it's impossible to get enough basil to freakin' make the stuff
When somebody tries to get pine nuts from a pine tree because of this video.
I once ate ice cream that looked like this.....I think it was ice cream
Ok so this maybe kinda crazy but this guy sounds like Spock from Noel Miller’s vlogs
convinced he is high editing this
“ is that pesto “
Bill burr
italian here:
Fai schifo a cucinare si, totalment schifo
Morning everyone. Have a nice day!
ohh i didnt know anyone else lives in Indiana, even though fort Wayne is  basically ohio.
'Wasabi' in japanese.
Pepper pepper pepper?
"Get back oat-side"
Pesto is besto
LOOKS BOMB AZZZZZZZZZZ FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
oh mah gawd a new aepisode
Non parli male l'italiano,dovresti farti un viaggeto in Italia secondo me.
" G E T B A C K O U T S I D E "
U R THA BEST-O i luv u
mr worldwide here again
I've never heard of pesto.
Poor doggo 😭
LUV IT
Does it actaully taste good?
This channel reminds me of regularcars.
Goddamnit Devin..
Heretic you didn’t today the pine nuts
I love this video 😂😂
GET BACK OUTSIDE
That was one beautiful lemon
I don't know what to say pesto is pretty dope
GET BACK OUTSIDE
The ending song in this video really hit me hard. Easily one of your most emotional songs. My parents are going through a divorce right now and the line "You are the besto" really speaks to me. I was crying outside in the rain to mask my tears as I listened to this wonder of music and it really made me feel like that pesto really is the besto and maybe things will turn out to be the besto for me too.
GET BACK OUTSIDE
good job, #10 on trending
Are you casuslly explained?
Casually sips tea while watching this
So....what do you DO with it? Lubricate bike wheels? Fertilize reptilian monikers? Paint a Sangiovese?
BEST EVERRRRRRRRRR Like if you agree :)
Ive always wanted to try pesto but Im allergic to nuts... :(
ahahahaha
So entertaining!!
I microwaved macaroni
I'm italian hi
Are you from indy
I love you. You're the besto.
its too thin ding dong
ho adorato l'intro in italianoooo!
“ cAcTuSeS “

it’s a cacti.
Whys that giraffe got a sqare dot?
Missed u sweetie
amazing video and very accurate measurement.
you're back!!!!








YAYYYYYYYYYY
You don't toast your pine nuts? That's a risky move, bro.
I'm going to start calling it alien blood
Sorry for being rude YSAC
where are the lyrics???
LOL a hilarious cooking video. This is up my alley.
i really liked the more educational bits in this episode! :D
get back outside
Do face reveal
“Get back outside”
the RCR of cooking noice
what is this? meme's cooking?
Pecorino cheese is much better in pesto than Parmesan.
1:54 .
Of course you're Italian
Pesto is the besto and the besto is not asbestos
Be quit Devon
More egg story
lmao this channel is like the soft version of HowToBasic
Face Reveal???🙏
I fricking love basil
I love green pesto, but I prefer red. You should make red.
Green spaghetti
Fucking devan
It's like how to basic but without eggs...
did you name you pesto? if not is should be jimmy! just some food for thought.
But how can so much flavor be so thin?
GREEN HEAVAN
Marcos wit
It got on trending that's the best. 😂
Is that green diarrhea???
I swear half of these give me a mini existential crisis
What do you eat with pesto
PESTO IS MY BLOOD. I. AM. BASIL!
This video screams Canadian
"those stupid humans eating that trash weed, pass me some more eucalyptus Rick" 😆😆
Anyone else getting "Vitamix" blender ads on his videos?  Mebbe he should get a video sponsored solely by Vitamix. I bought a vitamix blender cos of his sister's borrowed vitamix.
Blendo
1:17 YSAC’s face reveal
Looks ewwww, I think my tires would spit it onto the road 🤮
I worry about your social life kinda ... idk why but i picture you walking around always telling dad jokes when you shouldnt be talking....
G E T B A C K O U T S I D E
Cravings
Pass me some of the Eucalyptus rick
The thumbnail kinda looks like green slime somehow lol.
I live down the road from Buck Creek and cannot confirm this lol. Just a bunch of stray cats, a pizza place and a ball field.
“GET BACK OUTSIDE”
I died 😭😭😂
Pesto bismo?
BUTT CREAK INDIANA
Did he say Buttcreek?
One question what do yo eat pesto with though?
I live in Indiana. We do actually do that.
Seventh
G E T  B A C K  O U T S I D E
CACTI
Pesto the molesto
7 to 10, small to medium large sized pieces of random gravel
First
420k views
I thought you said butt creek
You from buck creek? I live next to buck creek in Indy.
New subscriber, great video!
I’m eating pesto pasta rn 😂
Some of the stuff you say sounds like it's come straight from the mouth of Tina Belcher
In Alabama we rub it on something but it isn't tires. 😝
Italian Blood
YES I made it here before trending!
You're like howtobasic's older brother who actually went to college.
This is so sad
You'll cultivate the fxxx out of me LOL
My name is Devon this is wierd
“NEW VIDEO EVERY TUESDAY”
This is the best video about pesto
You bought that from a cave man, not a farmers market.
I need you to go infiltrate the government and make it so I can turn off my notifications for certain things, and then it automatically comes on again. Cause I forget and the number of notifications I just got trying to listen to this video was really irritating, you’re the only one who can do it. No one else possesses your skill.
Watched the video three times (12 minutes) and spent at least that long scrolling the comments.  This is living.
This is actually HowToBasic
Also you should do ummmm  brigadiero Portuguese chocolate ball thing with sprinkles
I am Italian. Anyone here?
Cactuses CACTUSES CACTUSES
pesto lets make a nest-o
who's Devin?
Wait, Butt Creek?
mamma mia
I can't believe it
u from buck creek in
i am italian
Pesto... The communist manifesto...
Mint > Basil
😂😂😂😂😂
This is funny af
sigh your humor is not for me. tho i really want to see the dish made
gosh, I love you
Was anyone realized that most of us forgot about the robot from a while back...
0:53 😂
Looks like you have trained your dragon to not suck at cooking
Where's my autograph?
I want someone to love me like he loves pesto plz
I still don't get what pesto is.
Wow great like I loved 😮😮like
Do people actually do his recipies?
It looks like throw up.
Devon!! Damn it!
“GETBACKOUTSIDE!”
Has anyone got a good movie-recommendation?
4k owo
"Devon" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
best channel called by me
GIRAFFES ARE NOW ENDANGERED ANIMALS
Abbastanza bene a parte per il limone e il frullatore
Get Back Outside
Your pretty much the chef for r/frugal_jerk
He sounds like casually explained
A real pesto is all chopped by hand.
Someone convince me that this isn’t binging with babish ASAP
gEt bAck OUtsiDe
you’re a genius
Congrats on featured!!!!
😂😂😂😂 i Can't.
I think he was faded most of the episode
You are weird
Weird that I got a pesto ad before this video played.
This remembers me about the time dunkey beat sky in smash
15
YSAC looks like I succ
Damn you getting #2 on trending
Is this the other personality of How its Made guy?
get back oatside!
Pesto-Bismo
I am currently eating straight pesto
give me a pound
spaghetti with blendo!!!
I used to love pesto, but then i ate too much of it one night and now the smell makes me GAG
What if you made pesto with avocado?
ur pesto game is weak. like ur jokes  asshate
Names pesto,
Pesto pasta
ur the besto
I pestoway after watchin this.
"get back ootside!" wow i love canada
U got a new sub and congrats on 19 on trending
PESTO MAJESTO!
I always feel drunk after ur videos
Now I want pasta al pesto, thanks
omnomnomnom
I love pesto it goes well on sandwiches.
F*ckin devin
You are hilarious...
yo what strain of weedsto is this dude on these vids are dank
he should make a spotify account to put all his music on
Also does YSAC know bill wurtz exists? And if they met would the be friends or enemies?
If you don’t want to splash out on pine nuts as they can be quite expensive, coconuts provide a perfect alternative you’ll barely notice a difference.
"Cactuses"
I m s u b b e d
I’m sorry y’all but basil is terrible🤢
But I did like it for some time until I got sick while eating some
Get back outside
🤢
2:50 jumpscare
0:14 Italian
Congrats on 2ed on trending
If one drinks a basil smoothie, then eats plain pasta afterwards, do you make a whole different dish in your stomach??
I agree that indiana is butt creek
why does his voice sound so happy and upbeat here
Dafaq
I officially love cooking haha
For it to be correct, the intro would have to be fai schifo a cucinando yeah fai totalmente schifo.
My favourite food
You and Gordon Ramsay need to have a cook off
You blended it too much
So accurate!
The buck creek Indiana thing😂😂
is this what happens after death
Why is deven so rude
How to Basic meets Binging with Babbish
老牌代购 No fake 高效沟通，武汉实体店， 新顾客有优惠。三年 卖家 
vx： grootaibjtam
im disappointed there wasnt a 'PRESTO' when it was done
He reminds me of Tina Belcher
He should steal and philysteak sandwiches also do burgers
Alien blood sauce is what I call puke-
Ernesto likes pesto
get back OATside
Why are you so mean to Devin
You should join food channel.
The sauce looks like baby poop in a diaper.
There is actually a song Called pesto in Danish made by a Danish comedian
P E S T O L O N I   Y E S   P L E A S E ,   A N Y O N E ?
So mean to poor Devin
Another great and funny video! I don't know how you come up with so many good ideas! :)
shoutout Indiana
0:16 “cuchinary” I’m dead
Regluar show
Were you once apart of JKLproductions?....
THE GOD RETURNS
SHUT UP DEVIN
How to make Kelp Juice
inside nesto
You, canadian
Get back outside
pesto pound
How do you roast the pine nuts and can you use roasted or unroasted pecans instead?
Informative and entertaining to watch
Face reveal
Face reveal
BOONK gang number is 678 847 1430
subscribed. hilarious
I'm a pretty good cook. ;)
I’m the 1000th dislike
Lmao
That was a nice lemon
Make something vegan please 💚💚💚💚
As a kid I refused to eat pesto because it was green...now i love it
The ancient Romans and the ancient Greeks cultivated lemons. They first got them from China and India through trade.
your pesto song sounds like a have a nice life b side
But... Giraffes don't exist
1 basil leaf=11$ bag of assorted deciduous=8$
While i digesto 😂
Don’t understand why this is #2 on trending but oh well I don’t know how trump got picked for president
ily more than pesto
This looks good!
TRX to the moon.
This is the Regular Car Reviews of food
can we be friends
F@CKKK!! The basil I grew doesn't have those LARGE AS F@CKK leaves! ............. Have I actually been growing basil plants all this time? It smells and tastes like one but was I lied to by my aunt and uncle?.... Their suggestion DID ended up making my dad kill my 2-year-old Moringa tree a few weeks ago.... I don't think I can trust my family anymore. 

Thanks, YSAC! =D
I think this is the weird side of YouTube.
Song at the end was too emotional
That looks like my diharrea
still hasn't made a bad video
It’s bah sil not baesil
I like to use pesto a lot
This is a nice recipe, a lot of store bought pesto is made with cashew nuts instead of pine nuts and sunflower oil instead of olive oil and there are some with close to no amount of parmesan and substituted with other cheese
LMAO
Pesto is the besto
This is art.
Pesto is the besto
Came across you by accident........best accident ever :)
How long did that drawing take?
Nice recipes
at first it looked like slime
all wanna be italian restaurants ... take notes
Pounder? I hardly know her!
What camera do you use
That looks like last nights dinner
The besto pesto
It's Cucinare not Cuchynaray !
love the history lessons in this one
Congrats on trending
Blendo is my religion
I thought pesto were spanish mosquitos?
Looks like the slime that shrek bathed in, in the original shrek movie.
Am I the only one wondering what was in that earn
who else went to google translator to see what the intro ment xD
The way you say basil annoys me
Trending. Good job
How to basic but real
I love pesto
Get back oooootside
Get Back Outside
It made a mess-tow
where tucker at?
leef juz
Get back outside.
Novelas
Pinenuts?
When u live in Indiana and wonder why ur state is so weird😂😂
My name is Basil
GET ABCK OUTSIDE
TRENDING
Blendo. Nnnnnnoiccccceeeeee
"Get back ootside"
I refuse to be quiet you fucknut.
I would taste it
Fai totalmente schifo a cucinare! Non è vero, comunque d'ora in poi lo chiamerò Blendo.
Nice work
This channel is addictive.
My life sucks should I throw it back outside
HowToBasic's intelligent brother
Love it
Plot twist: How to Basic is this guy’s behind the scenes channel...
Please dont teach that to kids 1:35
Cultivate me daddy
i love you
Switch to a pesto based diet. There’s so many types so who’s stopping you from have chicken pesto, ice cream pesto, salad pesto, the pestobilities are endless. The only reason to not switch to eating entirely pesto is that pesto sucks
It looks delicious. Mm
Pesto Boyz
Hello. You are so creative and hilarious ! I very much enjoyed your pesto video. Somehow I got the desire to taste the basil bacon sandwich Yummy ! ..and the pesto too. Thanks for the giggles ! 👍😋👌
Number 2 on trending
CACTUSES
You're actually funny
Pesto is besto!
When is the next egg episode coming!?!?!?
What
I hate that kind of ads which you have to watch the whole thing...
I have a cold bowl of pesto and pasta that I brought to my girlfriends house for when I get hungry at 2 a.m. if none of you believe me then feel free to send me your contact info so I may send a photo.
get back outside!
Pesto I’m Spanish’ is pound
Welcome back
Fun fact 
Eucalyptus doesn’t grow in Africa 
And it’s also poisonous, and wares down animals teeth 
So i don’t think giraffes would be too fond of it
I’m crying
Jimmy Pesto
Liked for the song at the end
I think he likes basil
I live in Indiana
Belin
It doesn't beg the question, it raises the question. Begging the question is circular logic.
Glad I do not live in Buttcreek Indiana
lel
noic
In Indiana we dont rub it on our tires we rub it on our corn to give it its flavor
Cacti*
Wakala
😑
Foresti dimmerda vi venga la cagarella quando usate l'aglio, il limone o altre sostanze non autoctone della Repubblica di Genova, abelinati
Basil pesto makes me feel sick af
Can u imagine how embarrassing it would be if someone walked by him while making his songs
I think pine trees and cacti would get along fine because they're both pricks
Digesto？ from digest?
I have eaten pesto by the spoonful...
Ti amo
I  love this video
I thought he said buttcreak Indiana
Fortnite
How tf is this trending
Pestle sounds close to pesto.
Nice video
The giraffes need to stop being selfish and teach us how to speak giraffe
Awesome...
这！
Mummmmmm basil
Colab with howtobasic :D
You and babish sound so similar!!!
God I never get tired of these videos
Um okay I’m SHOOK
Poor Devon.
Buck creek! come to indianapolis sometime and have a beer on me!
I feel sorry for the person trying to enjoy their daily run when they see Greg walking through the woods holding a cup of pesto and chanting incoherently.
Stop the songs
bean dip
Was this filled last fall lol
what a medium video! i need to get back outside!
why am i here?
British pounds are just secretly pesto
For a sec, I thought it looked fake
Pesto Bismol
BASEL!
#2 on trending!
conan o'brien loves pesto
Geuse
Are you how to basic?
I’m allergic to this :(
Hey big dog look I love your show and all truly I do seek it out and if it were a series on hulu or HBO however these specific ones are not of your highest accord and why are you slowing your rate of output I mean come on now anyways happy Easter merry 2018. Give me AN EGGPLANT NOT A HEART 
OR ILL STEAL YOUR BLENDO FOR MYSELF AND GET RICH AND HUY YOUR CHANNEL AND PAY YOU TO DO THE JOB YOUR DOING YET WITH A RED SOCK ON IM NOT JOKING.
Cactuses = cacti
Now I know why this channel gets so many views, CAUSE IT'S HALARIOUS AND VERY IMOFORMATIVE!
How is this trending
Lets not be selfish and teach those Giraffes to talk...
@iijerichoii
Interesting
But nobody is phased by the sprinkling of basil over an urn for ashes.
What's pesto i only know matcha
I’m watching this while holding my new pesto jar
I like my poops whole
tutti gli italiani a rapporto!
I love pesto
Is she into me though?
PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER!!!!!!!!??
IT TASTES LIKE EVERY OTHER GREEN LEAF ON EARTH THAT PEOPLE EAT
FAI SCHIFO A CUCINARE YEAH TOTALMENTE SCHIFO
Still love you.
make more cheat meals not mor healthy stuff thank s
That mortal and pestol. Never seen one like it. Get back outside.
Devin rood >:(
#2 on trending
Blendo™
That stuff is gross lookin
I really don't want to subscribe to another cooking channel. I really really don't. My feed is flooded with cooking channels. However, you've earned it.
Do peopl
Is it dog food?
😮nice
Uh...why?
Yo momma suck
Don't blend the pesto like that. It should be ground in a mortar/pestle. Shame on you.
wtf))
Pesto is another pillar of American culture that has been been run over by mr. Ragu and his gang of food monopoly’s
This guy is so funny.
Ok
I suck at cooking, yeah I totally suck.. the dog liked it though
Thought that was a toilet
I’m Italian and that looks disgusting.
I once had a friend who made pesto with cilantro, he will not be missed.
why is this not trending?
That looks like throw up
We need "You Suck at Cooking", "Its Alive!" with Brad Leone, and "Binging with Babish" to colab and do something delicious.
If I use this as throw up would this get me out of class?
Why am I watching this
Presto Pesto
i thought he said butt-creak Indiana so i was going to make a joke about my town in Indiana is  boring and lame
may be it will delicious........i want to try in my country
God damn #2 on trending...
why is it always fall
Smashed all of the christmas ornaments on my neigbours' tree, no pine nuts. Did i do it wrong or should i just keep trying on otger trees?
Vomit
Garlic and lemon in pesto? You will burn in hell!
When do we get to see the conclusion to the egg saga! Did they all die!? What happened to Douglas!?
I actually hate pesto bc i ate it everyday as cheap college pasta now I'm sick of it
For some reason i hate pesto
Yum yum lol
This guy is perfect. He’s funny, he knows how to cook, he can sing and he has dogs what else is there?
Get back out side
Do you live in Buck Creek? Cuz that’s not very far from here
as always, full of BS,




I LOVE IT!! XD
You guys haven't tried my old lady's cooking. Don't get me wrong I love her with all my heart, but man, her cooking is sooo bad, I always pray after I eat. When she serves those alphabet soup you would see the word "help"
Marical of goad
No Dogs ;c
Pesto is garbage.
Awesome!
hi
Wait you live in indiana????
As an average Italian my comment will be : Porco dio
What's his IG?
Figa
So if anyone watching this is a serial killer, if you want to mask that dead body smell, just wrap the body in basil, problem solved. Or put in hamburger grinder.
All I do is watch these vids I have no life
AHAHAH FUNNY
So what is this used for? Do I put in meat or what?
Fai schifo a cuchinaray yeah schifo totalmente!
You’ll cultivate the H E C K out of me
That looks horrible. I just can’t eat things that look gross
but how long do you cook it ?
CUCHINARAY
Why is one basil leaf more expensive than the assorted residious
I showed my daughter this... She thought it's baby poop in a bowl prank
I'm  not rude
I love your videos. The comments of your videos go nice with them - how do people even think about downvoting? They are the true PEST here. I must leaf now.
Not a fan of you trying to be funny every other sentence
wait, buckcreek indiana? if i drive there itd only take 1 hour! GET YOUR BASIL, GET YOUR TIRES
Everything you do, i love
Trending on 2 😋
I don’t like pesto.
HowToBasic but this one isn’t eggy, no rage, no beast mode and with pure men voice!!
Pesto looks like broccoli diarrhea
I am from Indiana and in Buttcreek we also bury our dead babies in the basil leaf
In Colorado we have cacti and pine trees. They hate each other. The war has been raging in for years; it’s getting so bad I had to board up my house. I haven’t seen my wife or kids in weeks... I don’t know if they’re all dead or if I’m dead and this is my hell. Please get me out of heeieidhavevngjjehwvd
K
Sub to mehhhh
I made it about a month late.. can I get a heart for no reason?
Now that YSAC mentioned buck creek I’m seriously wondering if he’s a Purdue student. No one else would ever mention towns anywhere close by
f*ckig Indiana, I’m moving
That song was beautiful 😍
how did I get here?
Giraffe can’t eat  eucalyptus it’s deadly and can kill you if you eat it.
BE QUIET DEVIN
Fai schifo a cuchinaray yeah totalmente schifo  LOL XD  0:14
Ttttttttttttttttttttttttttyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
I will die if I eat pine nuts.  No joke I actually will I am allergic
হিলো আলো
I was going to comment before watching the video that if he doesn't say "Pesto, it's the besto," I was going to be severely disappointed. But lo and behold, he put in the description. Only two seconds in but 5/5 stars.
Lemon in pesto?! Your mad! Or perhaps, a genius? i will have to try this.
Unclear instructions, got..







beaten up by the corner because of this lame joke.
Unclear instructions, got..







beaten up by the corner because of this lame joke.
#2 on trending good job my guy 😊
My name’s Devin. 





I subbed.
Pin me babe-o
You intrigue me 🤨🤔
Woah woah wait. Is this becoming a YouTube channel that actually shows you how to cook?!
Ok but like to be honest, that pesto looks like what happens after I eat Chipotle
WE HAVE A NINJA
Yay a new vid
I love you man
made trending again lol
Blendo ™
#2 on Trending!
Woohoo!
Keep it up or should I say kelp it up 
Ill see myself out
DID SOMEONE SAY BASIL?!
I dislike this, so much.
Yikes, I hate this cutesy Youtube froth. Just tell me the recipe, you silly hack. You are to comedy what Sbarro is to Italian cuisine.
howtobasic is that you?
3rd Trending Nice Nice






BUT CAN WE GET TO #1 CMON GUYS HE DESERVES IT🥇
You're #2 on Trending, btw
I thought this was just a recipe video lmao was I wrong
I got here late, anyone else?





I still want a heart😢😢😢😢😢
If Tina from Bob Burgers had a cooking show.
I was 13 when I first tried pesto. It changed my life. My complexion cleared up. I became the envy of all who knew me. I met and dined with famous people. I flew on private jets. It was glorious but nothing could compare to pesto.
I was thinking this channel needs a T-shirt.  But then I thought no way, T-shirts are far too normal to go with this channel.  What this channel needs is a really obnoxious Christmas sweater type of thing, maybe an apron, with all sorts of plaid and embroidery and flashing lights and a speaker playing endless variations of "you totally suck".  And maybe talking eggs and robot arms.  And a pepper pepper pepper grinder.
Jericho?? Pesto boys
i can definitely bake(;
Youre trendin ma dude
I missed you
First time watching your videos baked af and I have no shit clue what you are saying but haha.
This makes me sad.
I have a butt plug in rn
A few tips from an Italian. Prepare for the smug jackassery.

All I can find in America is American basil. It’s very bitter. Make it half that with half spinach and your stomach won’t want to punch itself later.

Scavenge or grow Genovese basil. It’s how pesto was intended.

If you think you’ve added too much lemon, you’re wrong. You’re just wrong. (Citrus came through trade routes into Sicily so that’s why it’s included here and why Sicily has super sweet and fruity pastries)

Stop adding cheese to everything. Most Italians are lactose intolerant...Either switch to goat cheese or knock it off.

Surprised there was no pepper, pepper, pepper. Definitely pep it up.
HEY, are you being nice to Emily again???????????????????????????
That’s weird lookin pesto it looks like baby food
why would 178 people thumbs-down this video?  do they not like pesto?  do they not like YSAC's version?  were they offended by the lemon? Do they hate humor in cooking?  did they hate the singing outro? The world may never know. .....
CUCHINARAY?!? Potresti diventare il nuovo Food Emperor, potrebbe essere il nuovo setacchio!
I make a decent ohno but not a pesto
Congrats on trending!!!
#3 on trending at the time of viewing and commenting. Congrats!!
Giraffes are endangered now :^(
Lol! Subscribed!
I own the same blender! I feel like a professional ass Ninja now!
Your kinda crazy I like it😄
Congrats for being 3rd on trending!
Congrats on one milly
Do not skip to the end for the dogs.  You will be disappointed.
That song at the end though 👌
But my pesto can go presto and magically summon a rabbit with a hat. Did I do something wrong while making it?
3 trending
Make some pesto pizza!!!
Im learning so much
“pass me some more eucalyptus, rick”
My pet cactus and mini pine tree hate each other.
is this supposed to be funny
Good video, bad recipe. Don't blend your Pesto, please.
Gross
YAY ITS ON TRENDING! XD
Ppl must think ur crazy walking around in the woods with some pesto
How is it that videos always are always top trending when they come out, but he only has 1mill subscribers?
Make Chicken Parmigiana Stuffed Garlic Bread next :)
i can never tell whether he’s joking about the random facts he throws in or if he’s actually right about it all...
Make Caramel Apples
Hahahahaha the ending was a cherry on top
In B U T T C R E E K Indiana
MY BOI ON TRENDING AGAIN
sauce to walk
Trending again😎😉
😂😂😂
How long does pesto keep?
Haha! So relatable
Thanks
Sorry but I got to tip the scale on this video.
eww
D
I’m laughing so hard and learning language and culture at the same time
Annoying
Wait a minute... YOU'RE NOT UNDERBELLY >:C
No, YSAC, you're the besto.
Nice job on making it to top 3 on trending
awww i was hoping for some pesto related recipes
GET BACK OUTSIDE!!!!
UR TRENDING YSAC
What are some of your musical inspirations?
Looks like blood worm barf
Brilliant!
if I trick you like this 

Read More
Is he Canadian?
jimmy pesto
Which page of Google results got you everything on that voice over
Get back ooootside, damn Canadians
:)
#3 on treanding gg
So is this video suppose to be funny or what? 😐
My dog loves your music
I hate basil.
Go swallow a Potato
Congrats on being on trending! It definitely needed quality stuff like this
You're back! I was missing this channel
I got a Scientology ad before this...that says more than enough.
GET BACK OUTSIDE 
😂
Y’all know this is just guacamole
Hate to say it, as I'm such a big fan (and I'm pretty sure it was intentional), but it's "cucinare", and not "cucinaray". Love you though YSAC.
Here's a fun gardening tip I discovered by trial and error:  Don't plant basil under mulch.  It won't grow at all.  The seeds must be planted on bare soil.  Also, basil's flowers are very attractive to bees.  So, even if you never plan on making pesto, it's still a great plant to have at the edge of your garden.
Are these things actually edible
Number 3 on trend list
Do hummus next!!!!
I just ate this today.
🤢
Does this actually taste good??
Desperate Hawaiians on Maui have been known to make pesto using wild fennel fronds, backyard macadamia nuts, and Costco romano cheese though you cannot replace fresh garlic, or extra-virgin olive oil with anything else or that truly would be a sin.
Babish has a better voice
Pesto belongs in the trashhhhhhh
Does it look like shit to anybody else?
BASIL ISNT EVEN THAT GOOD
Похоже на зеленое говно.
leprechaun butt cheese
“About 7-10 small to medium pieces of gravel” LMAO. Crying.
Protip: walnuts are cheaper and more flavorful than pine nuts
Finally an upload!!! My day is going well now
i love you and your vids.  mostly you
Pine Needle X Cactus OTP
the way you pronounce borrow rustles my jimmies tremendously
Monthly uploads!
Devin, you're my rock
I miss you can i come back
Please make a birthday cake so I can finally celebrate birth
I love pesto.....I LoVe PeSTo...I LOVE PESTO
Is a bacon basil sandwich called a bacil?
presto u have pesto
DAMN LEMON
I love your stuff but this video seemed sort of off. It’s sort of sketchy but not necessarily a bad thing I suppose.
No subtitles?
dude i live right near buck creek indiana
Misread pesto as pea soup....
dat pes do
Mama-mia! That's-a spicy-a lookin sp-a-get! 🇮🇹👌😏👌🇮🇹
You're such a weirdo. lol I love you man.
When making pesto you look better in a vesto.
GET BACK OUTSIDE.
Are you releasing an album anytime soon?
You need to contact the people who write Bob's Burgers, Tell them you want to pitch an episode basically like Iron Chef, with you vs Bob. Doing your thing vs his ultra conservative way of doing it. Food for thought..
This might be the pesto video of his
Butt creek IN? What
Are you how to basic????
I love you.
Ysac does ur poo look like this pesto?
It would've been great if at the end he threw the pesto down and said get back outside
where's the pup
if ur actually in indiana wut part cuz i live there
They’d be friends
I’m from Indiana and can approve that we do rub basil on our car tires
Pesto sucks!
Fai schifo a cuchinaray yeah totalmente schifo
Idiot Devon. You should've thrown him outside.
No u
These recipes are becoming increasingly simple.
GUYS WE'VE MADE A BREAKTHROUGH! HE LIVES IN BUCKCREEK INDIANA!!!
Not sure wtf I just watched but I'm definitely subscribing 👍
The parsley version is perfect for salad.
I love the music at the end of these. Not just because they're amusing but the beat and the chill vocals. It just makes it.
Dude, I love your vids. XD
This was so worth the wait 😂😂😂
Love you so pls make more
Its been called the most disgusting slime in existence, BY ME
Gramer nazi here it’s actually cacti your welcome
This episode was a little.. off. Still very good, but different.
Pesto is the besto
plants can be pests too
D.I.O BLENDO
Hi
smorc
Ive been teached to hack all ingredients except the olive oil with a kitchen knife till it starts to get liquid (no joke, it takes almost an hour) and then add the olive oil. Without any food processor or so, I mean, to each his own but the pesto in the video looked gross af to me. Like someone vomited... I prefer my method.
make potato soup
No u
You got a real streak of Mitch Hedberg running through ya. I like you ^_^
Yes! I was super excited to see another video from you. 
Not disappointed. 

"GET BACK OUTSIDE!"
"Is that weird dude with the sexy hands taking his dish of pesto out to the middle of the woods again?"

"Yep"
I find your humor a little forced. great recipe though.
It was over to fast, I have to wait more now😭😪
NO BUT SERIOUSLY WOULD PINE TREES AND CACTI BE FRIENDS OF ENEMIES THATS THE TRUE QUESTION IN LIFE
NO I AM LATE!!!!!!
CACTI
Besto
Make a tiramisu cheese cake !
i love pesto
But is he better than Gordon Ramsay
YOUR FINALLY BACK
Pesto is really bad
What do you call a magician with a hair lip...
Dude congrats on 1 million subs
That pesto looks like a liquid poot. I named my poot "Jessie Brett"
Basil SUCKS
Fai schifo a cuchinaray yeah  total mente schifo
I knew i had some type of connection with your humor: hello fellow hoosier.
The fact that the intro is in Italian makes me feel so proud of you.
9/10 on the pronounce.
I would call it 
ALIEN LOVE JUICE.
Greetings from Italy 🇮🇹 ❤️
Sent to my mom! She'll love this blendo recipe!
I wasn't aware that someone had uploaded  all my inner thoughts on here
“Pass me some more Eucalyptus Rick.” HAHAHAHAHA
You're HowToBasic, aren't you?
Strange, my sewing needles taste just like blood.
GET B A CK OUT SI D E
This is brilliant
Did you get the mini Cuisinart pot on sale at Canadian Tire, too?!?!    I picked up 3!
I live for these videos
Who wants pesto when you have hoisin or Beijing duck sauce? (Pesto I still like you please don't leave me)
cad is haev mroe
I JUST finished eating a warm turkey sandwich with pesto and then I scroll down and see this video
I wish you would post more! I love your videos!
My sister had a sandwich with blendo in it.
wouldnt it be fai schifo a cucinare sì, fai schifo
Fai schifo a cucinare si fai proprio schifo
Pesto is a mistake
You just made this video as an excuse to says "balls" as many times as possible didn't you?
He makes jokes, and at the same time, indirectly tells you exactly what to make. Amazing.
Vanilla - the ketchup of baking 😂
“Something sticky” puts actual stick
Ur the best lmao
What a pretty dog.
"to stuff in a face you don't even want" wow, cutting deep on this fine tuesday
“Stuff in a face you don’t even want” - relatable
This guy has some saggy bumpy balls.
DUDE WHERE DO YOU LIVE but like not in a creepy way lmao it's just that the nature is amazing the landscape looks gorgeous i just want to be in a calming place like that sigh 😔
I always forget that this channel exists because he doesn't post super often then I get a notification that he posted and I am instantly happy because I know it will be amazing
Gigatrons of wrist thrust was my high school nick name.
Naruto's food pills 😂🍥
My Birds at the bird feeder would love these...me ill stick with Italian Meatballs!
If I eat five pounds of these do I develop telekinesis?
I think these balls will taste good in my mouth
huh that has energy
I'm pretty sure just by listening to his voice I can tell he's uncut...
Ahhh we need a face reveal 😭💖😂
I took 5 minutes to make these balls...
...and my brain shattered...
...because after those five minutes, I transcended the mental threshold of human understanding, capacity, and empathy.

The energy balls do so much more. I realized I could use my lazer beams for the good of mankind.

All in all, a good use of my five minutes.
DOGS GROW UP TOO FAST!!!!!! (I am commenting about his dog who was a puppy like I swear a few minutes ago)
"A tsp of vanilla, a.k.a. the ketchup of baking"
Boi you ain't never lied 😂😂😂
Looks like the west coast, Vancouver Island, Tofino, Crystal Cove, Mackenzie Beach, something like that.
"...to stuff into a face that you don't even want"
well shit i guess it's gender dysphoria o'clock again
Do you actually live near an ocean?
"Energy balls by the Ocean"

"i don't judge...myself" 😂

Seriously gorgeous where you stay, thanks for the uploads. 
-a fan
5/5. Hilarious, but a parsec is a unit of distance, not time.
YSAC: You'll need something with a lot of energy such as etc., Etc., Etc., A YOUNG DOG....
Me: OMG YES
This video gives me early youtube vibes. He actually puts in effort and time into making these videos and is genuinely funny.
This was amazing 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 ur dog is fabulous 👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽
"Seventeen gigatrons of wrist-thrust"

band name located
i hope that when you said “wet stuff” and put the mixture on top of the amp you were talking about the reverb on the amp as a subtle guitar joke :)
I'd buy lethargy squares to lower my cortisol.
Rocky mountain oysters gives you the most energy...(google it)
Lololol!!! "vanilla...aka, the ketchup of baking"
TIGER DOGGOOO!!!
YSAC is not only Casually Explained, but also HowToBasic
You can re-power Pimblokto using these energy balls.
I like to crush up a couple of caffeine pills and throw it in my energy ball recipe 👌
My dream is that one day ysac will know just how much I appreciate him
I just found your channel! I, too, suck at cooking and listening to your hilarious commentary made my crappy day better! 🙋‍♂️💖

Edit: I subscribed and turned notifications on! 🤓💖
My lamp blew up when I used the energy ball is that normal YSAC
Come for the cooking, stay for the epic puns.
Seriously, if they ever make a reboot of Xavier Renegade Angel then I want you on the writing team my dude.
When your intro said you totally suck, I thought you said don't tell Lisa 😂
*insert low effort balls joke*
Can I borrow a cup of young dog?
Throws it off a plane Earth explodes yep thats got energy!
hecc yea, YSAC upload is the best way to start a morning
Okay but where do you LIVE?! I have seen forests, ocean, deserts, snow and so many dogs
Energy balls. Put it in the survival kit for the revolution... or zombie apocalypse. Whichever comes first.
Never seen any of your videos before but this was freaking hilarious. Subscribed ☑️
This may seem a bit random but....





I love how cute your dog has grown
3 minutes of content and i'm already sold on why i should subscribe
I watched this and then watched the macaroni video where this dog is just a tiny puppy and went "OMG it's that dog from the balls video he's so cute or maybe she I'm not sure and I didn't look that close but that's okay."
Son) “can we make balls”
Mom)no that’s weird 
Son)but I like balls 
Brother)Yh so do I 
Sister)I like them to 
(Mom has heart attack
No no no you gotta stick it in for about 0.000016 light years (preferably towards the sun)
Is your dog an undercover tiger or are those stripes just remains of warpaint?
Witty and funny🤘🏻glad I found your channel .. thanks
Meatsuit... lmao
By far the best cooking show. It keeps you interested and if you want to take it seriously you can just wangjangle yourself over to the description :P
The sun?
Awe, what a happy pup!  Looks like the energy balls worked.
first 17 seconds and i subscribed...how did u manage to stay under my radar?!!?!
I swear this dude is a musician/comedian with too much free time.
To stuff a face you don't even want.
Same, I honestly don't want my face either.
-Why do I have a feeling that he'll throw it?
-Throws the food
-Dammit!!
Casually explained bought me here!!
Dude  ¿! ¡?
Are you sick (unhealthy), out of town, fighting with your girlfriend..?????
I guess you know it's been a long month now ...
Speaking for myself, I'm missing a new episode...
I know ... Something must be wrong with me...
you are possibly in the most beautiful place in the world
Anything that’s matter OH I CAN ADD SOME METAL.


Don’t eat metal kids.
I ate 17 at once. Send help. I don't know where I am, but it's all glowing n stuff. I may have become a star, but IDK... good shiz man, 9/10 would undergo self sustained fusion again.
It's like BingingWithBabish had a threesome with cr1tical and HowToBasic and I'm not sure who the father is. Or the mother, for that matter.

Anyway, nice video dude.
I think naruto would prefer this over Sakura’s ones lol
That dog is just living life to the fullest 👏👏👏
Energy family jewels
*in distance* mOM I KNOW HOW TO POWER THE WORLD!!!
How am I only finding this channel now!! This is the content I stay on YouTube for! Thank you!
Ok it's been a month now. Please come back!
“The ketchup of baking” IM DEAD OMG HAHAHAHAHA
Love the channel and the video but the dog is clearly the best bit
I didn’t know u played guitar
This vid earned you  a subscriber. Great cinematography, I loved the line “vanilla, the ketchup of cooking”
So pretty much a spherical cliff bar
Can I still stuff my mouth with it if I continue to judge myself though?
I wonder,do most people who watch this even know what a zune is?
Recharge your meat suit 🤣
I was just trying to find an energy ball recipe and I stumbled across this magic!
Officially in love with this man.
Dude, that dog at the end was me trying to get out of bed.
Lol, thanks for this, made my morning and had a great laugh. :)
"17 gigatrons of wrist thrust" lol 😂😂😂
I always have two energy balls in my pants,just in case
Make a god bagel

1. Toast an everything bagel and cover with cream cheese.
2. Liberally apply capers and red onion.
3. Smoked salmon.
4. Tomato
5. Avocado
Wow, YSAC literally destroyed his own dog with a massive laser explosion to bring us quality content, that's dedication.
Rhett and Link would recommend adding nicotine.

Forest Parol: Energy Balls is what I'm talking about
I want that guitar amp and i also wanna live there because it looks like a nice fishing spot
Parsecs are a unit of distance, not time. This is a great video full of important facts don't sully them with one mistake.
how many dogs u got
YOU DIDN'T MAKE A PYRAMID, THAT'S A TETRAHEDRON! The math gods frown upon you
That is the best doggo
Yup, that's got energy
I have some important questions about this recipe;

1. What breed is the doggo?
2. What is the doggo's name?
3. Can I please pat the doggo?

Thank you.
Lol
Energizer still going 😎
Energy balls? Just eat a dragon ball and get unlimited energy
All I could think about was Charlie’s energy balls lmao
is it an energy ball ? or an energy sphere ?  XD
Just binged watched an hour of this and wasn't disappointed
Charley Kelly can survive a month for $5 making energy balls
I'll take whatever that dog is on
2:23 rare Volvo 240 footage oh my lord
I thought energy ball Was that Pokémon move
i found your channel two days ago and I've watched ask your videos and now im sad again because there's no more ;-;
NOBODY TALKS ABOUT THE AMAZING ENDING MUSIC!!!!
Imma make myself a battery-hoover-sun-redbull-youngdog-gasoline-energyball yummi, thanks for the hint.
You're so creative! I love your videos. Your cut - aways, transitions, and great comedic timing is on par. Keep being experimental!
This is some quality content! Subscribed 👍
🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂
You mentioning Zune made my day hahaha. Let us never forget
Would anyone else buy an album of just YSAC's songs?
You know you could add crushed up vitamin b amd or caffiene
Thanks for the Zune reference.
12 on trending. Good job man keep it up
not enough energy. I like to use mine to fuel my death machines.
Thank you for charging my meat suit.
Milk, flower, and vitamins. Boil that down and you got some Charlie Kelly energy balls
Just things that contain matter?, dude, that's like the 3% of everything that's in the universe.
For a second i thought that that dog was Jesus
Is it possible to also make anti-energy balls? If so, what ingredients could I use?
Who is better 
YSAC or
Buttered side down 
Or
How to basic 
Comment down below
I don't judge...myself
Who needs that? I just eat double a batteries
They get me energized
thanks for the day early bday gift
The ketchup of baking is.....




Ketchup
Where does this man live? Its beautiful
Energy balls they will make you be a dbz anime character.
Your musical talent must not go unrecognized
Also, I used gossip as my sticky substance and I guess it messed up the recipe... Now who ever eats it can't stop talking about frikin Rebecca and the drama with Chad!
Ingredients: Flour, Sugar, Butter, and Nicotine.
"So only things composed of matter" I feel like I've gone to high school just so I could get this reference... and it was worth the laugh
These are awesome. Going to make and bring them on my fishing trips. Subscribed... hopefully you will like the recipes of my videos to do the same.
“That doesn’t make sense but it has energy” you got me.
Surprising lack of pepper pepper pepper.
Never seen your channel before. But I'm subscribed now. Thank you for not wasting my time.
HIMS IS A NICE GORGEOUS PUPPER
Wish I had a dog and an unpopulated beach of my own to have fun at, your life is good

Also I'm legitimately gonna  make those balls
Finally something to power my Death Star!
“...but they will temporarily 
charge your meat suit.”

MEAT SUIT .
jokes on you, my meat suit runs through squirrel power
Ur sarcasm is on point 😂
LOL... Thanks for the laugh and the recipe.
Why do I hear emotions in your voice?... I didn’t sign up for this!!
These videos always make me happy :)
Yes, potential, chemical energy.
what guitar do you have
Love that dog!!! Looks like it has lion stripes. 👍🏻
You didn’t follow Charlie’s recipe! The nightman is gonna get you now!
Never clicked on a video so fast before
Congrats from reatching 1.1 million
to much internet for tonight. i need me an booze and 40k r34. good night, nid' lovers!
Charlie Day from always sunny in Philadelphia immediately comes to mind..
Happy dogs of energy.
How does it feel knowing every video you post makes trending?
So I tried using my dog... The cops showed up at my door and they arrested me. You never told me they would do that. Now I have no dog and I'm in prison...
I fell asleep to your voice last night
thankyou
Is it just me or do this channel has everything ? Comedy cooking sports original music plot and pets hes somehow combined quality with quantity at the same time 🤔
whats the breed of his dog? ITS SO CUTE
The only channel where you can hear a brand new original song full of food puns and such each upload 👍
I came here from a Dragon Ball Super video and I was very confused
Instructions not clear enough. Father immediately beat me when I offered him one.
moisturize your hands pls <3
Um that was not a pyramid. That was a tetrahedron. A pyramid has 5 sides.
(You are filled with Energy)






















































































































(You are filled with Determination)
1:28 uh technically a parsec is a unit of length measuring about 19.7 trillion miles and look at me i know star wars
Why was this in the pets topic isle for me
By the way a parsec is a form of distance that's really long
Energy balls> Nuclear Energy
i love the harmony in the intro
I did the wood glue and the lighter. Worked pretty good
You need to toast the oats first. They can cause food poisoning uncooked.
the song at the end sounds like a rhett and link masterpiece
DOGO
This turned into Buttered Side Down real quick. I approve!
T H I C C
I am NOT bad at cooking !
and energy loss
i died laughing at the lethargy square
I'M PICKLE ENERGY!!!!!!
Omg I love you dog
please help, I did everything shown in the video, but my energy balls won't stop barking. What should I do?
T H E  D O G  D :
Energy balls are trending, but you know what else is trending, SPAGHETTI SQUASH
Are you like a professional dog walker?
Amazing as always. 11th on trending.
1/3 cup of "some sticky stuff."? 

Lenny Face INTENSIFIES
A young dog
I put on my meat suit just to watch this quality content!
Is that the puppy from the macaroni ep.
This channel reminds me of casuallyexplained. I really love this kind of comedy.
Ow that's a happy dog
Hehe
100m in 6,5sec... Good joke
If you are canadian,  how about a "Poutine" video??
Didn’t realize I was high until I watched this
Wood glue has tons of energy.   Just trust me on this.
holy shit, did he just reference Zune?
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED IN THE MAKING OF THIS VIDEO
Casually adds sun to energy ball mix
I clicked immediately, I love u
"So only things composed of matter"😂😂😂
That intro could easily be the funniest ever
Yes fuel my lust for adorable dog videos, but also your cooking is cool
first viewing of this channel, not what I expected, instant sub
What happened to your hand!
I remember when that dog was new puppy in the videos
I never knew if my soul-mate existed, until I watched this video.
3:20 ish what is your dog on this that really energy ballz
Why am I just finding this channel now?!? Gonna binge watch everything, see u guys in a month...
Okay there's a huge debate about where is guy is from. This video looks like Pacific northwest. But other videos point to toronto
Number 13 on trending? Nice job man
My balls has too much energy... It won't stop taking over my brain
I was expecting the sunny version egg flour an milk
Nothing more fun then a cute dog and a beautiful beach!
Dam your fast. Also love your vids man your great 👍
just keep it in there for a couple of 3.26 light years
K but you didn't mark your lines so we don't REALLY know if they're parallel, -2 points
Hey what happened I need my cooking fix
ok the best video ive seen in 2018, well done mate
A young dog
Sticky stuff- gossip. Hah!
DOG!!!!
"vanilla, the ketchup of baking".....   i'm dead, seriously. That's perfect.
TOFINOOOO
Destroy all three energy ball. 
— Peppy
Congrats!  You just got a new sub!  :D
Can I mix POWERTHIRST in with it? I want more gratuitous amounts of energy so I can be even more uncomfortably energetic!
Here’s some sticky gossip: I’ve missed you
Another great episode. Keep up the good work bruh bruh!
i tried it with some sunlight and half of my dog. The results were phenomenal... my dog died
ligma energy balls
a parsec is a unit of distance, not time :)
more doggo pls
Hey that is Cox Bay at 2:00. Figured you were Canadian
Energy balls are actually from the show "Its Always Sunny In Philadelphia", charlie made them them with milk, vitamins, and flour
Is this near Vancouver island????
Camera work quality is amazing! I need more videos! I cooked about everything you made; upload more often!
You know that a parsec is a measurement of distance right? Not time?
I just love the taste of wood glue in my balls.
That ending brussel sprout reference.
You are gonna spend more energy making these than gain by eating these
Finally I can use my secret wrist thrust technique.
Where does he live cause the scenery is freaking gorgeous
"If you're the kind of person who already has too much energy" ...Ha...Ha ha...Die
I LOVE the song at the end of this one!
sticky stuff stuffs stick in the mix ahahaaa I see what you did there.~
I don’t judge ...Myself. Accurate
You can make a infinite energy
I really want a video of Gordon Ramsay reacting to these videos
I swear this dude is like Bill Wurtz but for cooking
Your dog just stopped to look at the sunset. That is the cutest thing i've ever seen
Lol when you threw the ball on the ice (at this moment I thought it would be water) the doggo run after it and I was like OMA GOSH NO, but then it was just ice.
Well.
I love this haha thanks for making balls of energy seem so cool!
Just noticed too lower the volume all the way down if you get tired of hearing the person. The vid comes out way better oddly
If i was making this how many batteries is enought and do i take the wrapping off and chop them or put them whole?
Thanks
BEST COOKING SHOW EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice silverface princeton, Is that the 68 reissue?
i feel that he lives in Washington State somewhere. The sand and surrounding area make it look like twilight lol, honestly, that where it was filmed.
Are you mad or what !!!
One recipy I actually made...its pretty good
You didn't use Charlies recipe bruv
We'll throw the undoe on a couple hundo. That made my day.
YOU FORGOT COFFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
You missed a important part of the recipe the soles of your victim after shoveling your energy balls down their mouth
Nothing you added made energy. Just a vegetarian joke is all
Hey, you're not dead!

also YAY I'M EARLY
where the heck does this man live? like the places he go's in his videos are so beautiful .
Pour energy drinks on it.
i'm still questioning where he gets all these dogs from
how could he be that good at rolling something? it amazes me all the time...
Great recipe. I will get cookin.
Parsecs are a unit of distance.
Actual cooking video that's funny yet resourceful, couldnt ask for more
Lmao I love this
Will this give me enough energy to divide by zero?
Lethargy squares!!  I’m dead 😵
that wasn't a pyramid
v good v sexy silverface I love you more now
Damn, it's first video i see on your channel and i need to say you something. Oh my god, i fall in love to this channel and this video type. Just damn perfect.
That’s how it feels to chew 5 gum.
But did u use trip-dis-moats??
"and a 3rd cup of sticky stuff like honey etc. gossip"
You should make Chinese chili sauce
I dont know why but I just getso relaxed when I watch your videos
"You got any more of them energy balls on you?"
"No, I'm plum out. Ate 'em all."
"Well, you think there's any way you could give me a weekly batch or somethin'?"
"No, I can't commit to that, but whenever I make some, next time I'll let you have a few, that's the best I can do."
"But I feel like it's past want at this point, I mean, I feel like I need energy balls."
"Well, they are mildly habit-forming, so... you need to keep that in mind."
"I dream about them things. I want 'em real bad. What do you put in there to make me want 'em so bad?" 
"It's simple. It's sugar, and it's butter, and a little bit of flour, and, um... nicotine."
-Forest Patrol by Rhett and Link
"The ketchup of baking" dead af
Bring back Pimblockto!!!!!
is that a jojo refrences
Issac
518 vanilla producers disapprove of you exposing the truth about their product
wiener energy.
Ur hilarious
I added gossip to mine.... it stick way to well
1:33 ILUMINATI CONFIRMED!!
I suck at cooking because I cook when I’m drunk.
"I don't judge... myself"
Where do you live? It's beautiful.
Haha i subscribed XD
Omg. I just love your videos ! No doubt funniest energy making video around. I liked the ingredients except few were slightly questionable Lol. Thanks for the many giggles and wow what a place find the energy...ball. Very entertaining. 💖Dog. 😂😜👌
Is that the same dog as the pup in the modified macaroni episode?
Lol. Good video. Will check out the recipe. We used to call something similar to this  'Super fudge'; we made it with carob and peanut butter, dash of vanilla*. It needs to be heated up a little on the stove because the peanut butter gets thick and you want to mix the peanut butter with the carob so that it looks like fudge. Roll into coconut. (You can also add sesame seeds, sunflower seeds, raisins, almond butter instead of peanut butter maybe? Haven't tried it yet but I am thinking of doing so.) 
Rolled into coconut they look like little fudgy snowballs. Delish energy snack.
"Vanilla aka the ketchup of baking"
instant subscription
Even though these videos only come out like once a month I love You Suck At Cooking the humor is so funny to me. And I love all the story lines, songs, and jokes that go along with each video. Its so creative and full of energy its completely worth it that the come out every month!
Those are mine jk lol
How’s pimblockto the robot
Omg yes u still continue this channel!!!!
The ONLY thing missing os the ok socheckit
Undo on 4 hundo
You should collab w/ jacksfilms
Are you based in Washington state
I am late to the party but keep making the videos! :D
Spherical SPHERICAL
Best cooking show (? Please have more) I've ever seen.
MAKE A GOD DAMN BURGER, add seasoning so I know how much to add
When he threw one of the energy balls and the dog ran to go eat it I died 😂 that was just so freaking cute.
#49 On trending! 👍
0:09 I want my face but not that
The song is actually good.
Nice amp
Since in a few years you are going to be like 60 and you are going to want to retire can I take your cooking show?
That energy bracelet is my life in a nutshell
All I did was squish my nature valley bar into the shape of a ball
ITS BEACH PUPPY!!!!!
Naturo did it better
You're a very funny guy haha please stay like this
i love this series
you are a good god
You drive a 3rd gen 4runner? good choice... good choice..
I DON'T HAVE ANY O A T S
I NEED THAT DOG NOW IT'S SO CUTE!!!!
Please never do a face reveal, it will take away the magic.
A gasoline sun energy pickle, my favorite
Did you put that stick out btw XD
Thinly veiled "P U P P E R   V I D E O" has my approval
I wonder what he makes is good because it looks good
Energy is stored in the balls
That's one dirty dog!
that looks creepy no thanks!!!
Do you live on like, a farm next to a sprawling forest and a massive beach?
I love your video it always make me smiles and laugh
I was just sitting here wondering how i was going to start my morning, and then the Lord chose to bless us all on this day.
That's an energy torus
What a pretty color of brindle that dog has!
I accidentally clicked on this, but now I'm glad I did
I prefer Charlie's recipe from Always Sunny.
Dammit now even ysac failed no nut November
Why is 2:23 so satisfying?
Was thinking about it's always sunny when  I saw this.
I laughed so hard when he said wrist thrust
I love you
has anyone actually tried this recipe? if so, how long should i bake it for?
tiger doggo :)
Can I just say the production value is really good on this channel?
I swear you have like 12 different dogs.
Yup that's got energy
how about antimatter? it contains energy
Probably get this a lot but this channel makes me happy when I’m down or sad
Um actually, a parsec is a measurement of distance, not time.
I love this man.
you have gay fingernails butt thats ok.
I kind of just like watching you eat :)
Woah did that dog eat an energy ball or something
What if I don't have the energy to make them?
Thank goodness! A recipe that doesn't require a Wangjangler! Mine just gave out...
He said it’s going to take 16 gigatrons of wrist thrust to mold this thing😂😂
Has a fender amp uses a Gibson guitar
The ketuchup of baking
Sounds good
Can I use these energy balls to charge my phone?
Your voice is higher today
Hahaha thanks for the great recipe and the laughs!!!!!
but wait! a parsec is a unit of distance!
The ketchup of baking had me dying
Is that dog the same one from that Mac and cheese video
I like your tiger
a parsec is a measure of distance, not time.
clears throat a donut is a TORUS sir
Thats a sick tiger dog
/%/
The innuendoes are strong with this one
hilarious! 😂😂
Is glue fine for sticky stuff?
Omfg 😂😂😂
How many times did you have to bathe that dog
I just realized you make your own music 🎶... damn
I love it! I may be your biggest fan.
I'm feeling drained. But these could hold me over.
FriggN awesome Dude!
Very entertaining! Thanks for sharing
parsecs are for distance, but still works
“Lethargy squares” 😂
Can you use oatmeal ?
I got some energy balls for ya!!!!
My (energy) balls power the sun.
Your hand looks like it needs energy
Yep, that's got energy.
a couple parsecs
That's a tetrahedron
The brussel sprout song is one of my favorites for sure.
Can you make sacrificial sausage?
왜 스냅샷 보고 벌레 곤약이라고 생각했을까
Brought to you by the Department of Energy.
Placebo
He says ball 15 times
you said anything of matter but put gossip, how come?
THANK YOU I GET SO TIRED AT SCHOOL
I've never laughed so hard at a video
Babish may have just uploaded but I'd rather watch you.
I always carry two energy balls with me...
balls of energy are the square of infinity, and connote maxiinimity
Why did your dog stop so majestically in front of the sunset
How could i let myself forget that you exist... I went away from your channel for too long, the normies are already here to flood the comments, and you are climbing up the trending ladder. Godspeed <3
Hilarious 😂 new sub
This actually feels legit
0:28 cum
A young dog "...What?"
Omg..... I just made these "Energy Balls".

They are so good!

Thanks YSAC for great vids and recipes!
I was wondering what happened to TED BEAR. Now I know...
Energy Balls? Pokemon?
I made it with a extra taste of almonds, it tasted.. Okay, exept very peanut buttery..
wow... I hope everyone like it
Energy Ball where you goin?
Destroy all three energy balls
how many doggos do you have?♡
That doesn't make sense, But thats got energy
..you didn't infuse them with reiki energy. what happened to you man!?
DESTROY ALL 3 ENERGY BALLS!
What about pinblockto I need an update
I just realized that your doggo at the end was the puppy from the mac and cheese video!
Just join your chanel it is great
Came for the balls stayed for the dog. Your dog is very cute by the way!
I didn’t realize that the lake was frozen over for a second and I was like “why is the dog Jesus”
Is that the same dog from Spring Break??
*note wood glue doesn't work well
Finally, my life has a meaning again!
about to make them!!!
he grew from pupper to doggo😭
Vanilla ketchup of bacon...
This is what’s Sakura made for  Naruto when he was trying to master the Tajū Kage Bunshin no Jutsu
OMG it's the puppy from the spring break macaroni and cheese episode :D
congrats on trending! 🙃
Baby, I know you like my ENERGY BALLS
^^ cool!!
S P A R E  S O M E  O A T S  B R O T H E R
I've missed this ;-;
yo @yousuckatcooking is that the doggo from the cocktail episode
birds have wieners
I love your tiger dog.
I'm out of the ingredient 'energy' what can I use as a substitute?
I just want the doggo
I prefer balls with energy than without 😜
Ore energy loss.
Where can I buy your mixtape
Bag of sugar = bag of energy



















































































































































































And diabetes
Congrats on the landmark episode
I Always get si siked ti watch your new videos
I have two balls that contain a ton of energy
I thought this was a dumb cooking channel not a genius troll
My life is made every time you post
Whats that on the back of his right hand?
I hope this is the same pup from the macaroni episode
Where do you live to be near all these places?? Beaches, woods, corn fields, lakes...
This is the best XD
Good vid
U sound dead inside 






So do i ;-;
This channel is what Tina Belcher will make when she's older and has a sexual awakening involving two hairy bakers and a bald butcher
That's a high energy doggo
You know, it's really wholesome to see a dog out in nature acting like a dog, plus it's a cute doggo so 😂
You got a new subscriber
Rum is like gasoline for your body.
Rule 1 never follow ysac step by step
😂😂😂
I put gossip in mine and they tasted really bitter. 1/10 would not recommend.
Yay a ysac upload
Oh these are so ducking good
Reverb not wet enough
There's a chance I'll blow up? Nice!
I asked Google to show me a funny video.
Okay
Hey bud. Is your hand okay?
Poor dog he/she ate the energy ball
where do you live that the view is so beautiful
You have the cutest dog oh my god
I remember when that dog was still a tiny puppy ofjfmsmxkmw
Hello You Suck At Cooking! I absolutely love your videos! Also, What kind of dog do you have at the end of the video? Looks exactly like mine and I've been wondering what breed she is.
Bork Bork yay
Aint energy ball a pokemon move?
Energy Loss
It wouldn't charge my phone
How many of those did you feed to your dog? It's overradiating with energy.
Does anyone know this dog so we can unmask his owner??
Anything composed off matter
adds high energy protons
Doggo looks like a tiger <3
Anyone know the breed of dog? She’s gorgeous
Seeing the dog having fun in the sand totally made this video. :)
Yesssss finaly I was waiting for a new video!!!
0:40 is this a chinese recipe?!
Your Dingo is awesome.
can confirm do not attempt to make these with things that are not matter, my anti-matter energy balls did not turn out as it should've... sorry east coast that last hurricane was my fault
more sugar!!!
I was just looking for a recipe for this!!!
Subscribed because of that intro.
u Sould make the omg plz have mercy hamburger u need
Corn buns 
2 tihk peices of cheddar cheese 
1 avocado
Bacon bits
tomato
Pickle 
ground beef

Make the burgre pattys nice end thicc Medium well. Take the bottom bun and put a slice of tomato then a slice of cheese then the burger patty then the other slice of cheese then pickle the take the top bunn and mash the avocado and spred a healty layer on the bunn then just place the bun on the burgre
1 7  G I G A T R O N S  O F  W R I S T  T H R U S T
Are you the same person as casually explained
You still exist?
What would be the “sticky stuff”
Harvesting stars for food
Yep it all got energy 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I'm allergic to peanuts, is there anything I can use in place of peanut butter? Nutella perhaps?
Cute dogs, good jokes, a song at the end, this one has everything!
Why is a cooking channel also the best comedy channel on youtube?
That actually looks good m8-
and subscribed
p u p p e r
I could swear I saw this on Rhett and links channel
HAHAHAHA
ARE YOU IMAGERY AMBIOT
A parsec is a distance not a time
Wang-jangle
Can confim, have lots of energy now.
that's a weird tiger
I  S U C C




at cooking
Nice video as always :) see ya in a month or two ^^''
This is quality over quantity
I like balls that have energy
Fantastic! Thanks for making videos!!!
Hahaha 😂 this is fun
Is that a dog or a tiger?
Am i the only one thats never heard of energy balls?
i have the same amp
The witches on Charmed were always throwing energy balls. But I did not know they took them from their boyfriends
I can't load any YSaC videos past ads, that won't play. Other than Ep 1. I suspect it may have something to do with monetised videos.
"energy balls" lol that sounds wrong
Why did o make this
always the coolest :)
haha temporarily charge your meat suit
haha! this was not at all what i expected! it was way more awesome! i wish i had cool jingles like that on my channel 😁
that is one happy dog
Is ur dog Jesus ? 😂
This sound good
I'm obsessed with your videos 😂 Always has me cracking up
happy to see return of credit puppers
I think you mean senzu beans
1:26 a parsec is not a measurement of time It is a measurement distance in space
I feel like this is HowToBasic before he lost his mind
Hah!!!!
My man here is funny hahaha I'm dying laughing still
that sensual intro
Anatidaephobia is defined as a pervasive, irrational fear that one is being watched by a duck.
the undoe in a cuple O hundo damn
Parsec is measurement of distance not time! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Lol "energy balls" 😂
This is a clean how to basic
Needs more protein powder
I love the randomness of this channel 😁 "Ondo on 2 hundo!!!"
This is good
3:18 I love your dog
Came for the balls, stay for the doggo
I will try this
I love it! ❤️
I love your dog.🐶
E N E R G Y  P I C K L E
Crying 😂 subscribed
and energy blunt
oh my gosh.... we need someone to stop acting like he didn't just put a whole stick from outside in his food.
0:18 I died there.
Energy is stored in the balls
I just realized that the dog is the puppy from the macaroni episode
That was surprisingly funny
I laughed so hard at this 😂😂😂
He must love putting them balls in his mouth.
I guesss parsecs is a new quantity then, punks.
Possessed dog?
Damn who new my chia pet could power my vacuum
You really should collab with ItsBoris
Now that I've officially watched every last one if your videos I have nothing left them  live for.  My life is empty until you post another...  Please end my suffering.
The doggo is back
Swigity swooty.
BALLS OF NRG!!!!
I made these and they're delicious.
Is that a termite
Do you know what lamb fries are?
I say 'Y', you say 'SAC'!  Y!
I’m making these lol
Make a collab with ricky berwick
It looks like a ball of mushed up 🦗 crickets . Im down!
Power your zune haha
i can’t believe you’ve showed us your balls before even showing us your face
Yes
Ligma balls
so he made food pills
Super happy dog :)
Energy balls? In my country we call them Sticky Licky Baby Mush Mush Hakachaka Wienerbabeaner Atomic Lady Gaga Goose Eyes.
Energy received, good job everybody
Hey YSAC, do you work with animals? always see lots of happy doggos with you.
At first i thought these are warms
Hey I hope everyone has a blessed day!!
power your meat suit
Doggos!
When's the album coming out
I prefer goat balls.
Energy is stored in the balls
Maybe one day if find what I just watched useful.  But that day Is not today. Lol
This dude's funny af
OHHHHHHHHHHHH
ENERGI BAWLS!
6.4!?!
Please make more these are helping me eat in college
My grandma makes me these!! There awesome
We're only going to add energy lol
Oh hi it's me the person who was late for 9 hours last time... So I topped that I'm 10 hours late now because I was taking the STAAR test and then my phone died.

I also still think you're super cool. OK bye.
like the music
yep thats got energy
Get your lambeau to the club
I was in this video at 1:02
Where have you bean!
I would take some dough put some cheese maybe a lil bit of pepperoni microwave it, and make 24 more and share it with friends
¿¿¿¿¿ NANYYYYY?????
edgy and cringy
I love you vid
I hope the 1% that see this remember to always keep following their dreams. Never give up, Anything is possible!!! Mine is to be a successful YouTuber! ❤️ (which is really hard nowadays, but I can do it 💪)  🤗
How you thought about changing your intro??
Joke video but the ball is actually tasty
Put some weed in it!
This is a great video. I love you .
Not gonna lie but the thumbnail made it look like a ball of maggots😷
Tide pods have energy
Where tf do you live my guy?
14
I asked Google assistant what's her favourite youtube video, she showed me this
First?
Make a pizza without pizza ingredients.
Awww that looks like the doggie I had to give away.... a pit and German Shepard mix :'''(
metric pls
I can't even begin to explain how happy I get just to hear ♪You suck at cooking...♪
ENERGY BALL MORE LIKE ENERGY SMALL
......get it 

..........cuz the ball is small

................ I'll go home now
I made these but forget vanilla
Two tablespoons of cinnamon and 2 or 3 egg whites , a half stick of butter (melted)
mix in a cup of flour, A quarter cup of un-sweetened chocolate, and a half cup of brandy 
1 or 2 bags of sugar, a pinch of vanilla 
place on greased cookie sheets at 350 (pre-heated oven)
I thought it was getting an energy drink and making it into an energy ball
Lol what did I just stumble upon?
Can I get a heart
I put the sun in... but now its cold... and the energy balls are too hot to eat...
You're faster than Usain Bolt if you run 100m in 6.4 secs
Bruh i thought those chia seeds were ants at first
I went with the young dog for energy
Wow,I literally fell asleep while watching this
You sound and have the same humor as Sam o’nella and casually explain
Your dog has 0 problems!
Charlie Day is that you?
it looks like a bird regurgitated in your bowl.
A young dog
Please do not use the Sun
okay seriously where does this guy live?
This video contains the right amount of usefulness  and being lame
Thats the cutest cat I've ever seen
Where am I
lol charge your zune?
Did you listen for a "consent bark" or a "no growl" before you touched that dog? I know it's hard to tell the difference sometimes.
A Parsec is a unit of distance not time
Looks like maggots. Good work.
YOU'RE BACK
Funniest cooking video I've ever seen.
erngy bols
Compact granola bar
gobble gobble;).
I used gasoline and now i am a transformer
Finally something good on trending
Don't have access to a dog. Can I blow up a cat instead?
i want to try this
Why does your dog look like it's cel shaded?
These taste nice I made them
😔💔
Cool he watches voltron
I made these. They were Delicious!!!
You make cooking fun
Can I replace all the ingredients with mayo?
The caption is too good
Great vid! Laughed and learned.
osmosis
Wood glue
A parsec is a measure of distance, nerd
Chi-a seeds? Chai seeds?
Are you Gordon Ramsey’s long lost son?
That has energy.
that dog definitely had some energy
Bruh lol😂
1:08 Need some help from Pimblokto?
nice balls of energy, brother, very nice:))black_heartx2*..
PLEASE INTRODUCE YOUR DOGS
*CUTE DOGGO ALERT*!
You can get a lot of energy by sucking on these baby boi
I love his sense of humor
I thought it was a meatball when I looked at the thumbnail XD
YOURE BACK!
They look like they taste better than Sakura's food pills....
This is so great oh my
i'm a gay furry kek
i just made this and it's so good
0:40 no dont
Gave me enough energy to fart myself to mars. 11/10
I usually hate these foods but this channel makes me want to have them right now.
Im pretty sure they are called food pills...
PARSECS ARE A UNIT OF LENGTH
Idk why I'm watching this or how I got here...but i like it
That’s a nice tiger you have!
That dog is so cute
I love dogs
It’s the puppy from macaroni and cheese
The dog was the only reason I stayed
I want to marry this man
Damn those balls just sent me energy overseas huh
666k view
Nice reference to brussel sprouts
Without crows milk these aren’t real energy balls...
i have that same vacuum cleaner
i wish i had a guitar
u should start a music channel
You made this so you could say you can eat balls right?
You got your protein blocks.
they're in the fridge
A parsec is a unit of astronomical measurement, not time. One parsec is 3.086x10^13 kilometers (3.62 light-years).
You cracked me up n
I hope you aren't anything boring like an insurance salesman in the real world. Waste of talent.
Wood glue?
I put 1 young dog in it and I couldn't stop jumping
Where does he live because it’s beautiful. Is it Oregon coast or Puget Sound? British Columbia? I need to know!
Congrats on a million
it looks wet
I SUCC
A face that you don't even want... So true.
U forgot to add battery car
WHERE DID THE STICK GOOOOOOO DDDDD:
cute dog also what happened to your hand yikes
Doggo!
It Always Sunny In Philadelphia Any one?
Category dog
Why is this guy so alone. Does he need freinds?
How do I like and dislike a video
I like ur videos they are usefull and funny :D
The lethargy cube looked better.
I ate one while watching
Why did you put a stick in there
I have that same bowl, I love that bowl
Jajaa te ganaste mi suscripción n_n
Does anyone just listen to end song instead of the actual video
Hadouken
Smells like POWERRRRRRRR
Is this guy also causally explained
fucking hilarious
It looks like he drew on his dog
A young dog aka puppies
Is that the doggo from the mac and cheese episode?
Gimme yo ballz
A ZUNE!?!??
😂😂😂
lol i have the same plate that he used to put the balls on.
Did YSAC get a new house?
I made these and they're super good!
Star Wars time
Your dog looks like he has a borderlands texture with those black lines
Make Senzu beans
BaLs
Hehe, what a happy dog :)
This is sick!!
1:55 why did it bounce!
xD gossip
Undo on a couple hundo and wave it in there for two or three par-secs
Such a cute puppy
Such a cute puppy
Parsecs measure distance not time
Where's Dee with the damn chocolate energy balls
Is that the same spring break dog as the one from the end of the mac and cheese vid?
This guys is amazing
your dog is so cute bruh
Captions. Do it.
Love the song.
This got dark fast
How much is one gigatron and parsexx
Choji Will Love These
You and Granny Potty Mouth should do a cooking video together! That would be awesome!
Lmao
he sing better then his cooking
Best F'n video I seen in a while!
ENERGY!!!!!!
Parsec is a measure of distance not time!!!!
I thought it was carp bait
I thought that was a ball of maggots
Parsec is a unit of distance......
Uhhh. Okay... Okay.
I always get nightvale vibes ..
This is exactly the same Chanel as yousuckatproducing from the name to the puns.....
Catomine modafilin
allergy tip: use sunbutter instead of peanut butter and substitute bananas instead of almonds for some potassium
So energy! So balls!
My google assistant said this was the funniest video she's ever seen.
That's a happy dog!
How many damn dogs do u have?
I think the end is from brusselsprout video
rip nameless beach dog
It’s like the best ad I seen. Lol
A parsec is a unit of distance not time
FIGHT MILK
That’s a nice Dyson vacuum, might put that in my next batch
a good excuse to make a video about your wounderful dog
OMG DOG
God i really want to see who you are
i was going to ask why you dont upload that much, but than i remembered you have to make a song for the dnd of every episode
MORE DOG PLEASE
Bols xd
awesome
Nice!!!
I love the dog
At first i thought the ball was made of worms
Hope your hand is ok!
Whoops, I already put a dog
Cute dog 🐶😍🤩
LOL!!!
Awesome, happy doggie
You have a cute dog
I think I might try this
Hi
Love it!
i love you
Thumbs up is 100% for the dog
I took a bunch of ambien a few years ago and was up doing things I have no memory of, one being packing and smushing a bunch of random foods into gallon zip locks and writing bird food all over them, sad part is next day our senile grandpa who builds birdhouses and is in control of the feeding was so proud and excited that I made them treats. The birds ended up eating all of it, too this day I have zero idea what the hell they ate. Don't do drugs kids.
LOL
energy is stored in the balls
Laddoos
You forgot to add the nicotine
Add mini chocolate chips.
i love u
Pretty sure Charlie invented energy balls
Still not gonna eat them
woah 565565 views
woah 565565 views
woah 565565 views
That’s a beautiful dog.
I love these things
Parsec isn’t a unit of time, it’s a unit of distance
why is there a different dog in every one of these videos
Lol you out a stick in there
Dogs having the time of his life
What a happy pupper
wOW  loOk at that dOOOOooooogggggg
What's a coconut substitute?
young puper
What a good puppy❤️
I honestly am a lazy F*** cube
Just ask Sakura Chan to make some.
😂😂
I can't eat this
Great video. I thought you were gonna put some meth or adderall in there..... phew! Glad you didn't.... that stuff might kill you or even make you kill someone else.
Won't the chia seeds grow inside me
be careful with the raw chia seeds.  they can absorb up to 27 times their weight in water, forming a gel, that has been known to cause esophageal obstruction.  sorry to cut into the humor.  i love your videos.
boi use the kempler amps fender is trash
what kind of tiger is that
Are these cal or Kcal rated? I'm confused here.
why do you have velcro on your hand?
LOVE it!
When your parents dont know how to cook and they just look this up
Is that dog at the end the puppy from the macaroni and cheese episode, all grown up?!
IM ENERGY PICKLE RICK
Note to self : eating or drinking while watching isn't considered healthy...
Lol
Food pills
Thumbs up for a happy Boye.
OK that was a wasted 3 minutes and 40 seconds I ll never get back
Is that dog the puppy from the mac n cheese episode?
Is that the same dog as in the modified Mac n’ cheese video?
bear poop
What happen to your cat
I love your dog
I love your dog
What happened to pinblockdo
So , for a sticky substance. would i be able to substitute that for a the stuff in a tide pod?
This was an excuse to show everyone your dog wasn't it
Maybe you're ill
More egg stories
Where the hell are you living YSAC? I want to have a beach like that too, no people, only me and maybe the dog I will acquire once I live in the vicinity of such a lovely piece of nature.
dog or tiger?
Good dog
Earth is flat.
But when is your album coming out?
DEE GO GET ME AN ENERGY BALL
Those dogs are so adorable 🐕
Anything made of matter
Just dye all the ingredients you can black and you have an episode of nerdy nummies.
wtf is wrong with your hands? were you in a fire?
Werent these in always sunny
Can i buy the song on itunes
I would love to make these, but I have a strong distaste for peanut butter... anyone know of any substitutes? Or even maybe just leaving it out?
I don't much cotton creamy peanut butter in my balls. Is rancid lard in the balls an enjoyable alternative?
Awwww...You got a dog.
Where does he live??
Dad
Are we gonna ignore that he runs 100m in 6.4 seconds??
That was a pretty dumb but funny video  you guy made me laugh and y all even made a song lmao.. Now I got to see some of your other videos lol
All edible things have energy but if you don't use it it turns to fat
wtf
Haha. The song!
A parsec is a distance not a unit of time ya nerd!
Cute pupper!
Make meatballs!
I like your dog
Don't eat it
I’m the young duggg
How many dogs do you have?
Are you a physicist?
Baaalls
gay fingernails.
No
did you just kill your dog
ENERGY ROLEX
I’m gonna guessing of  his dogs is named tiger
this series reminds me of the You Suck At Photoshop series.
love it
Is this guy the same one from You Suck at Photoshop? I'm almost sure he is!
You might wanna edit in a disclaimer somewhere because people are stupid and will try to add gasoline and batteries.
So you’re telling me that if I put gasoline in I get more energy? Any possible side effects? Any taste difference?
Tf
I’m here because of Charlie
Pause at 2:58 WOAH THAT LOOKS COOL XD
That dog looks like a tiger.
New YSAC and Casually Explained videos within 2 days?.... Somethin's fucky here boys.
u gay
Well this is disappointing I thought the video was going to be somebody trying to make “Energy balls” from Always sunny... Babish you’re my only hope time for a second sunny special
I love balls
Rip dog.
i make the cheese circles all the time
what peanut butter is that?
Humor me
Need redbulls
Was that a tree branch he put in there?
一个月了；何时更新？？？
You're cool.
Where was this filmed? I want to go to there.
What kind of dog is that
holy good goddamn, the energy balls made of matter joke was the STUPIDEST 'high brow' humor I may have ever heard, and it's destroying me.
He really put a stick in there though.......
I like your dog!
What type of dog is that
the chia seeds might make you constipated...
1:32 that's a tetrahedron
Why does it look like the ball in the thumbnail has ants in it?
There is a three pepper chicken at subway they stole your idea
We have games about basketballs, baseballs, and humanballs, why not energyballs?
Why do cat people even exist?
But pee is stored in the balls
Parsecs measure distance not time
He doesn’t like his butt does he?
Eat these thing may make you guys fat 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Awesome song
Pulling a Han Solo using parsec as a unit of time eh? I swear people need to under that a parsec is a distance of measure, not time. Smh >:\
bring back the egg series!!!!
This guy thinks he's funny..
song sound like it could be performed by hot cop action
Lol you funny
Does anyone know what part of the country the end of the video is in? If I had to guess, I’d say Pacific Northwest, around Oregon maybe? Idk but it’s beautiful.
A tip: if your wrist hurts while making these, Stop. Take the goop out of the bowl, wash your hands, put on plastic gloves if concerned about germies, and place on clean surface, and mix that shit by hand.  You can also freeze these to store for later. Edit: i forgot. You can melt choco chips on the stove and dip these suckers in, then pop in the fridge. Delectable.
Vanilla is the ketchup of baking, isn’t it
Whoa,... your Tiger acts like a dog, that’s pretty neat
Why is there a band aid on your hand
Charlie Kelly knows what’s up
Eww! The thumbnail look like a ball of maggots!
Whys ur dog look like a tiger?
Wtf is this?! So dang funny!!
Can anyone tell me the chords for the song in the end?
A young dog?! I didn’t know you were Chinese! (Just a prank bro, no one get offended)
f
Man your hands are ugly.  ...Dope vid though.
What can I replace the coconut with? I hate the taste of it and don't want to puke while eating balls.
allahu-akbar ball next time?
Am i the only one who skips the singing part!!?

Yeah i think
Outro song hell yeah! It's been awhile since we've had one of those
My man Krillin would throw one of these at you
Your dog is bad and your hand are wrinkled but I think you are ok.
what type of dog id that
What breed is your dogus?
Make potato soup
why was this video so funny ?
What a ugly cute dog
Wait .. Do they have to be baked or not ?
OK, stupid.
Funny 😆
It's a good thing you put the hyphen between balls and you, because if it was between suck and at, it would be a whole different meaning.
wtf did i just watch
Your not funny
This channel is cringe (on good way)
Your mom loves my energy balls
Want energy. Just eat meat and dairy not sugar or ani nutrients
The 773 people that disliked this video clearly need energy balls in their mouths.
🤣😍I LOVE THE WAY YOU DID THIS DUDE🤣🤣👏👏👏BRAVO🥇🍻CHEER'S..
I think this dude is casually explained, his voice is similar and this is the only channel linked on his page
I'm outside in a blizzard watching this. I have to keep switching hands to hold my phone. I can't feel my energy balls.
Actually this looks pretty good 😂
Thanks for explaining how to find the difference between a sphere and a ball XD
😡 came for it's always Sunny and was very disappointed that it was a well put together instructional video showing how to make actual energy balls.
they work just tell jimmy neutron
Did anyone else catch how when he said wet he had wet guitar tone
All I heard at the begin was why do you need useless BALLS to put on your face
I HAVE NOT LAUGHED THIS HARD FOR SO LONG!!!!!!!!!!!!
Looked like a ball of maggots.
Funniest thing ever
That is one happy doggo
Tilgud banaya hai bhai ne
The food industry is just walking around selling us balls and trying to stuff them in our face........
526,156th view
So what happened to the eggs?!  I'm dying to know!
You forgot bleach
Jajajajaja this guy
I just roll up big Macs to make cheap and healthy energy balls
That intro 😂😂😂
17 gigatrons😂😂
Ugh I want his videos to be longer. This was so good but I am left wanting for more. FUck!
First you watch it for fun and then watch it again for actually cooking
you forgot the protein
I think you wangjangled a little too hard last night
Wasn't that in Always sunny in Philadelphia?
This is trending! great, let's keep the energy balls rolling <3<3<3
You mean food pill
Only things composed of matter. But hopefully nothing with chemicals in them!
#4 ON TRENDING
OMG! HE SAID BALLS? AHAHAHAHAHA!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Not what I was expecting at all but so much better
Marry me
Why is this trending?
What's your favorite snack? Oh, it's. E n e r g y b a l l s
Does it come with crow milk?
Haha
Where have you been all my life??
Best line: " I don't judge... myself".
"maybe, maybe not" is three words not one.
Dude, where the hell does this guy live? It looks amazing!
I'd eat a miiiiiiiiiiillion of those - wait I will eat a miiiiiiiiiiiiilion of those as soon as I get my low energy lazy butt off of you tube and make a few batches. Good day.
Wath happened? XD crazy!
You're trending! :D
I made some for my 4 year old to help him get through his day
But I am wondering if I didn’t add enough gasoline because he has hasn’t woken up yet 😕
Does that mean I'm an energy ball?
your dog kinda looks Cel Shaded
I just don't know if I can eat one even if they did
power thirst?
H A !
So Freshii didn’t invent these?
doggo
What kind if dog is that..it looks Soooo cute..i remember in the macaroni video he/she looked smaller
You got some pruny fingers
At first I thought it was a huge nug
Came because it was trending, stayed for the dogo
Did he just say wang-jangling? Is that a thing? What is the origin of that phrase
Lmao!...."17 gigtrons of wrist thrust!"
confirmed YSAC is from Canada
this guy is hilarious. I subbed.
“That doesn’t make sense but that’s got energy” 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
That's no pickle.
Bwahahaha!!😂😂😂
its just a granola energy bar in a ball so
Make a HowToBasic themed video
your dog is awesome
Zine hah
😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hilarious!!!
Gordon Ramsey
Who here thumb upped for the dog?
Where in the heck do you live?!?!? It's beautiful
Ive watched all your vids, and rewached them because I'm addicted
Ok.. so.. I forgot to turn on notifications, but I’m here now.

fite me
flat earthers don't like energy spheres :)
Not even a Sunny reference to energy balls smh
"Only things containing matter." so like everything?
Hell yeah that really works
Oh I'm late. Anyways hello friend
Sooooooooooooooooooo
Do they actually give you energy?
Are we talking potential or kinetic here? Or both?
Woow that's like the best I've tried
😂 Great Video!
I remember when the doggo was just a pupper
Happy 1 million!!!!🎉🎉🎉
You’re on trending!
Mom I don't like the word balls pls stop saying stoP
Looks like somone has been snooping in my toilet before I could flush after I took a massive dump this morning.
HIT THAT👌
Put doggo in thumbnail for optimal viewage.
Lmao, you crack me up!🤣
Me and my wife love your creative videos.  We've been watching for years!  Well done and thank you for being awesome!
Thanks for making this so much fun to watch!
"maybe, maybe not" is 3 simple words.
I used wood glue it was soo much better than last time. Thx
This is hilarious
And also have fun washing your dogs 🐕 😂
Dude, clean your oven, that is dirty
just got a new sub
I thought the thumbnail was a bunch of maggots lol
didnt charlie invent these
Wang jangle
in Spanish?
His personal best is a little over 35 mph
That. Was. Awesome.
Funny stuff
Wow, 1mil already and trending?! Good job!
I'm going to shoot who made this video
Face you don't want/meat suit comments + doggo for the win. ♡
So glad he is trending..
Why tf the thumbnail look like a birds brain??😭
is this dog the puppy from your mac and cheese video?
This is awesome, subbing
Is that the same dog from the macaroni and cheese video?!
Congrats no.4 trending
Is that the dog from the mac and cheese video?
Stop playing with food
All your videos are pure gold
Meat suit? Im def using that term from now on. Use lotion. Its good for your meat suit.
101 mmm
8 balls are good at energy
Ha ha ha
The dog is just here to distract us from PimBlokto
Funny cookies— cooking.
sorry  but that energy ball looks like a large petrified boogar
It's food...by definition it gives you energy... So the definitive answer is: YES. Not maybe.
Great video. I'll try this one!
Oh man, I hardly laugh out loud watching this stuff, but you got me a good 3 or 4 times.. Good stuff man
Thanks for the compliment, just because my microwave caught on fire heating up potatos doesnt make me a bad cook.
No. 4 in trending. Yaaaaasssss!!!!! 🤣
Something wrong with this recipe...
IN b4 Charlie Day references
I live this guy 😂😂
Congrats on number four on trending!!!!
Man you'r sound is so chilllllllllllllll.
Gotta use that gigtron wrist thrust  energy
S E N Z U   B E A N
Episode 12 Callback!
If I had just randomly heard that closing song (not sure why I would but if I did) I would have thought it was a new song from They Might Be Giants
Unless these are designed by Charlie Kelly I want nothing to do with them.
Where did that second doggo come from
Hilarious!
I'm here for the dogo and not disappointed.
They look disgusting
Thank you youtube algorithm! Subbed
So that's what the light sabers are powered by. Hmm.
N E E D S   M O R E   C H O C O L A T E   A N D   S U G A R
I clicked on this cause I thought of Naruto
17 gigatrons of wrist thrust 😂😂😂😂
You have sophisticatified your musical energies
All I could think about was that one episode of Naruto where Sakura made 'energy balls' and they were disgusting
Use half hemp seeds/ half chia seeds instead. Better for your muscles!
Balls Of Energy
Youre on trending!!! Im totally living
I'm a its always sunny in Philadelphia fan and I thought it was Charlie's kind and I'm disappointed
Lol energy bracelet
This is what I expect How To Basic to be if he had any chill.
Yeah, but what can I replace peanut butter with?
I dont know if he tell the Truth or not .. help me please lolm
It’s beautiful where he lives.
the subtle callback to the brussels sprout song made me emotional
So beautiful
How many Mah does it have?
Stupid video
instructions weren't clear, balls got stuck in alternate dimension.
😂🤣🤦🏼‍♂️🤜🏻🤛🏻
NUMBER 4 ON TRENDING... LETS GO
I just learn energy today in physics
Every thing is made of matter
Charlie’s energy balls
Just eat a protein bar...
Omg, your dogs must lead the most amazing lives.
The Nightman Cometh
i dont get it, does it actually work? like does this taste good? is this guy giving us actuall recepies?
Your doggo is cute
Beautiful
Should have added some meth
Star kid
well i was really looking to see if these were good for a boost.   they looked somewhat good to eat when hiking.
So do I put it inside the fridge for an hour..?
Is that the same dog that was a puppy in a previous episode? I forget which episode, but there was a puppy playing on a beach.
?
Parsecs are a measure of distance  equal to about 3.26 light years, not time. lol
Thanks man, I really needed something to temporarily charge my meatsuit
I thought this was gonna be Charlie Kelly's energy balls but this definitely sounds more palatable
Just so you know, using your dog to gain more views will 100% work, keep it up!
But seriously how do you make energy balls....?
A parsec is a unit of astronomical distance, not time
This should have been a super bowl commercial.
Sakura!!
Is it as bad as the ones sakura made for naruto during his nature training
Yo momma loves my energyballs
I got energy balls foreslls ask yo moma
that has energy
Energy can't be made or destroyed how do they contain energy?
How many energy balls did your dog have?
That Stick Was BROWN AND STICKY
What if I'm allergic to peanut butter..?
I hope he starts putting his songs on soundcloud, or he uploads his songs on a separate playlist on his channel. I love his videos and I also love his music aswell
I love your dog! It seems like it is having a great time (is it a she or a he?)
Princeton Reverb - Oh Yeah!
I instantly subbed after the video
i love your videos. Thanks man
Parsecs are a measure of distance not time god damnit
Can it power my Death Star
Why do we bother cooking oatmeal when we eat it from a bowl but eat it raw in these in energy forms?
Is this a Charlie Kelly recipe?
Amazing as always
In India we call them Pinni.
Still dont understand  why u only have a million subs u need more
I made these for Girl Scouts
Whis is my first video i watched from whis channel. Subscribing

Sorry for my bad english
Yayyy
When will pimblocto came back
Huh!  What's woor glue?
Awesome video
After binge watching all of your vids these past few months I got so excited to see you upload again :) Thx for the chicken tikki masala recipe, I always sacrifice the first bite to the Queen
this is realy high calorie!!!
and...dog...:)
these are vegan when you use maple syrup instead of honey :)
How To Get on Trending
Episode 72
Ur vids always put a smile on my face
Omg we're on #5 on trending
6.4 seconds for 100 meters is very fast damn
By far my fave ysak song
Such a good pupper
Make energy pizza
Aka food pills (Naruto) lol
Energy Pickle Rick!!!!!!!
Is it weird if i ask where u live? Its just, the beach and the woods and stuff u film in are all really pretty, so was just wondering :)
Increase the length of the videos man. Looks like you just care about the money.
it so Delicious.
soo good
where the hell do you even get these ideas? hahhhhhhhh
"Good energy balls" for that vibe
Low-key your energy ball recipe is dope man
Wow, you are amazing, subscribed!
Reminds me of the mac and cheese ep
Song wise and







Dog wise
y'all YSAC mostly cooks vegan foods
Glorious quality
i don't know, man... a young dog might be too much energy...
loved the throwback at the end to the brussels sprouts video
Thanks youtube suggestion. Now I can lol while learning to cook
I think it is a sphere because, if it was a ball...oh it might actually be a ball.
DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS DOGS
Yeesss
Can you make Chocolate Salty Balls next?
Looks like a booger ball you’ve been rollin for years
wrist thrust
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
HA HA, we found ourselves a commedian..
wheres the next episode of the egg crime mysteries????
You know what has energy and no balls?



His dog, probably
Why do you sound so different? 
Were you gone for that long?
Have you been replaced?
Did your energy balls drop?
Idk maybe it's just me. 😕
How about making some 
blue balls next.
How fast do your (energy) BALLS charge a mobile phone?
love that brussel sprouts throwback near the end
You know I really like that channel name..It reminds me I suck at cooking, very much
dude. AMAZING. i would so give you cost price on any music gear in my shop if you came. you said LAMBO! haha Wicked nice. Wiping the tears out my eyes. c'mon man give us more vids!!!
Sakura? That you 😂
the second I said he gonna put fucking chia seeds and boom chia seeds. aint mad they are good for energy
Collab with Bill Wurtz!!!!
'-to stuff in a face you don't even want.' true
Hahahahahah
Still no autograph :(
Wait is this not a sunny reference?
Looks like Sakura's soldier pills.
Subbed!
I lyke
Looks like a ball of maggots.
“Vanilla. The ketchup of baking.”
...yes. Very good.
This isn't Charlie Kelly's recipe where's the boiled down vitamins
Was that donut comment a Mars Attacks reference?!!
French chefs have a far superior method of wangjangling.
question: is that the same dog from the macaroni video? either way i love and support them
Needs more protein.
Was this just a dog announcement video? Lol
After making and eating this life-changing light dish I had enough energy to stop procrastinating on my homework and start sleeping like the hard-working individual that I could be if i'd actually do the things I say I do.
This video is amazing
Wait is that the little rescue puppo?
Do you live in the Pacific Northwest? Looks like the PNW beaches to me.
Is that the same dog as at the end of the macaroni video? He got so big! Pat him for me!
Crap you just when let me do it
What a great dog.
does anyone know what breed of dog that is
I ate these a bunch when I was trying to make weight for wrestling in high school. Their not exactly the most filling especially because I have a big appetite, but they do the job and taste fairly good.
I make those all the time. I just make sure I wipe my ass real good afterwards.
Your dog is cray cray
Quality you can taste , GET IT?
Another amazing video. Keep it up ysac!
Oh my god! Got to the end of it with tears in my eyes! Thank the PTB for your sense of humor sir!
Energy balls are basically fuel so if you dont have all these ingredients , a gulp of kerosine will do
What kind of peanut butter comes in liquid form? Otherwise..neat nuggets
How is every one of your videos so damn awesome!?
I think i love you
Thank god! Only matter, Yay!  I can def afford that! Lmao!
Think you're my new fave channel! Subbed! The comment section is just as talented and funny :)
trending!!!!
That dog was just having a blast
Oh you forgot to put pikachu in it to get more energy
Hey, I like your tiger dog and your balls look delicious.
Charlie Day anyone?
cute doggo!
Where's your other dog?
I thought it was a meatball
I make something similar to this in bar form, and they're basically a meal replacement. Can't recommend them highly enough.
am i the only one who didn't laugh at all?
Insta-subscribed at "17 gigatrons of wrist-thrusts" LMFAO
"time" "parsec"
Now the channel will slowly transition out cooking in favor of more dog.
Thanks, I've stolen 3 cars today alone with these energy balls. Don't tell anyone okay?
i loved the allusion to the brussel sprout song
You made my day
Did you cut yourself by accident making these energy spheres lol
MOOORE DAAAAWWWG plz
“Some sticky stuff”
Fire finger for the win!
THE DOG NO
nice gfx tricks at the end
Man the shots in this one were amazing!
where is the small dog?
Whose hand is that
I feel like your joke of having water leak out of your leek is being underappreciated and I just wanted to acknowledge it.
Guys, please don't use a shallow baking dish. Use a baking dish that cares about you for who you really are.
Hey I just wanted to let you know that your eye drops expire September of 2019. That seems like kinda far away but it'll probably be here before you know it. Depending on how often you use them it may be a good idea to put the expiration in your calendar so you'll get a notification when it's time to throw it away and get a new one. Like for me I don't use my eye drops super often, just as needed, so it definitely expires before I finish it. I mean you can risk it and just use the eye drops without worrying about when they outdate, but personally I wouldn't take the chance. I mean it's totally up to you though like if you're not too worried about it then that's cool.
You should warn people before showing that yellow belt. I was not ready to be terrified.
Hey YSAC!  You couldn't make a bad video even if you had very specific instructions to do so! 
High five
High five
High five
High five
Happy Sportsball everyone! Go teams!
Comments section is actually the love club by lorde I’m jealous
I love how the vitamix still comes up.
"If your only 7'2 like me slip on a pair of alpha pumps😂😂😂😂"
The whole Alpha segment is some of the best content I've ever watched...
can somebody write lyrics to the song at the ending, it's too demanding to me to follow all those words
I was suppose to do my assignment...Can I have a heart pls?
Do a hand reveal please
Just recreated this recipe and don't skip on those instructions, the knife taped to the football really rounds out the flavors
Parmesamnesia - when you forget to add enough parmesan.
Well in my humble opinion, of course without offending anyone who thinks differently from my point of view, but also by looking this matter in a different way and without fighting and by trying to make it clear, and by considering each and everyone opinion, I honestly believe that I completely forgot what I was going to say.
Leaky leeks.
i don't intend for this to sound backhanded--or front, side, top, or bottom-handed, etc. but this video was really great. i was worried you lost your edge after your channel exploded, but that's clearly not the case!
Douse anyone know where to get the mayo pods, I've looked everywhere?
In February we're done with Tide pods; mayonnaise pods are the new thing
I liked my own comment







Because I’m depressed also, how was I highlighted before?
How can I heat up my dip in a hot car when I live in Minnesota winters? D: Can I make my dip in summer and hyperfreeze it until the next game day?
2:00 he never forget the vitamix
I love you and your undo at four hundo
Can you make glitter back merch?
high five high five high five high five high five
So when are you going to release a cookbook? I've been waiting. The world needs your recipes in book form.
I'm just here for the incredibly ridiculous words delivered in an amazingly dead pan voice, in an order so absurd that if i didn't have visual i would be lost.
"99 out of a thousand times" is my new favorite go-to.
Hey ysac! You cant make me not laugh even if you weren't doing so!
High five
High five 
High five 
important :

bad-min-ton

bad-min-tin

bad-mitten 

bat-min-ton

bat-min-tin

or

bat-mitten
What is this masterpiece of a channel that I've found
Let's get out there and have a GOOD. CLEAN. GAME.
The leek is leaking🤔😂👌
I love how you actually respond to the comments. it makes me happy :)
6 drops of Sriracha!? 

BOI A BUCKET OF SRIRACHA
I wish I could sport that good.
Those heels are higher than my self esteem
Bout time you posted again I mean really I know it doesn't take you long to make this 





Jk love the vids!
I think this would go great with 100% less avocado.
Hey Ref! Go read a Referrance book, .. don't forget to wear Glasses.. because you clearly can't see!
.
.
. Pun all tea!
"If you are ONLY 7'2 like me"
I have never seen anyone walk so gracefully in pumps before. Bravo.
SPORTS
Plays tennis with an American football
1/6, not 1/3 0:35

x'D

love the videos though :)
Open a merch shop already I really need a 2018FedererEditionGrandSlamjangler™
99/1000 times you won’t get challenged...







Yikes
I love that your videos incorporate comedy with really useful tips and recipes
The moment he called it a "football" I could sense my soul leaving my body...why you do this to me, man. So disappointed...
that artichoke chopping is extremely satisfying formsome reason
A problem has been detected and windows has been shut down to prevent damage to your computer.


The end-user manually generated the crashdump.

If this is the first time you’ve seen this stop error screen, restart your computer. If this screen appears again, follow these steps:

Check to make sure any new hardware or software is properly installed. If this is a new installation, ask your hardware or software manufacturer for any windows updates you might need.

If problems continue, disable or remove any newly installed hardware or software. Disable BIOS memory options such as caching or shadowing. If you need to use Safe Mode to remove or disable components, restart your computer, press F8 to select Advanced Startup Options, and then select Safe Mode.

Technical information:

 STOP: 0x000000E2 (0x00000000, 0x00000000, 0x00000000, 0x00000000)


Beginning dump of physical memory
Physical memory dump complete.
Contact your system administrator or technical support group for further assistance.
Rest in peace, vitamix, how will we cut our... baking soda now?
CONGRATS ON 1 MIL!!!!!!!!  You deserve each and every one of them
There was literally an artichoke dip recipe ad right before the vid??????
How do you say all of this stuff with a straight face
SIMBOCLTO!!!
That is an alpha meal. Go sports!
Is no one gonna acknoledge how the jersey was number 69 or
19
Edit: how dare you garnish with one of the most boring sports!
Life passes by so quickly, but It slows down in the moments   Of you yourself being content and letting life go it’s own pace, and some people find peace in making videos about food 







( have a good day)
We have the exact same bowl (I Think)
Djokovic 3000 is better for that. Just sayin...
4:11 what if somebody walked in on him
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOUR DOING!?
Where have you been so long?! OK, you're forgiven, it was totally worth it waiting! I heart you!
The only real injury today was to the refs, cause they got burned! 

HIGH-FIVE!!
how do you not breakout laughing
2,000th comment on such an amazing YouTuber. Honestly can watch these 24/7 because you make the best videos.
Seeing how you tied that belt physically hurt me.
Legends say if you come 2 hours late you will get a heart and 7 likes
Game day posters and ref insults yay also can you do a chicken wing dip recipe
Don't you hate it when your Leak starts leaking 😂😂
I really love ur vids. keep up the good work :)
Only a true Arizona Glitter-back fan lives in Arizona
This is the highlight of my month, no lie, this is everything!
Needs a fur covered dragon chasing a snowball at the end.
Pepper pepper pepper
Excuse me sir, I think your leek was leaking
What does Emily think of your cooking? 😅
And what does she think of your game day inventions? 😂
A well rounded human being wouldn't play with balls that themself aren't well rounded.
When I saw the leek leak. 
ohhh my god.
noone gonna comment how its ACKSHUALLY 1/6 mayo 1/6 sour cream and 1/6 greek yogurt to 1/2 or 3/6 parmesan at 0:36 ? no? ok i just did
This took the best turn
Whoever you are, you're hillarious! Thanks for the laughs
I love every one of your videos so much, please never stop
I tried this, I got my head put through the wall
Btw... YSAC you're the best thing that'sever happened to me! Thank you brah!
This channel is what I'm showing aliens if they abduct me
Favorite channel ever. Please never stop making videos. 

And if you do, let’s be friends.
YAY SPORTZ BALL NOY HIT THE FOOT BALL INTO THE GOAL......or...or is it the hoops hoop?
Go sports!
Were has this channel been all my life?🤣🤣
Wait, high heels?
Awesome 😂
I'm like 8 hours late but can i join the ❤ club
First video I've ever watched of yours and now I'm subscribed. This made me giggle like crazy.
99/1000 was a SPECTACULAR line, I almost didn't catch it. Thank you.
So wait. You bought real parm, and used fake parm for the bit? 

Bravo sir.
Face reveal?
Hes still upset about the vita mix 😂
I'm sorry I'm a day late!
FIRST THE ONION AND NOW THE T.V. WE'LL NEVER SEE YOUR FACE!
* Getting mind fricked when you got mayo out of the egg shell *
Me: he probably edited that....
My brain: no, he's cool enough to actually get mayo out of an egg
You should do a how to cook gray hubbard squash
0:00 and just like that 30% of people watching left
That's strange, I thought whenever someone cracks a cold one the boys show up in 0.5 second.
I always say artichoke like arctic-choke
LOL actual black belt speaking here 
THAT WAS A GOLD STRIPE BELT
When you always try to get a heart but senpai never notices you 😭(please notice me )
To be well rounded, I am opening a Sports Book...
"Ugh! This stuff is gonna get everywhere !" Haha get it? The shirt had 69 on it.
The leek is leaking
LMAO
❤❤❤ you wangjangled my heart
I'm never going to stop loving this channel. Your videos are magnificent. Congratulations on 1 million subs, I've been here since like 27k or so.
Your videos are hilarious! Keep up the good work!
I got a garlic bread pasta recipe ad
I suggest that you rename the "knifesketball" to "bas cut ball"
Of course the referee blocks the reflection of your beautiful face on the TV, sigh.
WHY DOES THIS REMIND ME OF DWIGHT SHRUTE
How to get $20: 
Challenge the alpha on game day
So how your girlfriend deal with you stealing her high heels? I'm sure you don't even tell her ;)
Is this heart day? So many comments getting hearts, also, instead of a heart, can I get that $20 alpha male bribe?
Your onion is looking pretty gross.
Maybe it's time to clean it?
You see his chest in this video o.o wow scandalous honestly
Oohhhh I get it...golf is not a sport
Hey Ref, if you read more books and less sports, maybe you'd be a more well rounded human being!
the leek
...

leaks
I agree with the intro you do suck at cooking you but he'll cooker
HOW DID I MISS THIS UPLOAD? 

I love the leaking leek. And everything about your content. And you.

Bye.
0:56 I can't believe you just did what you did.
😂 by the time you put the pumps on I'd totally forgotten who and what I was watching 😂 Freaking hilarious 👍
bruh why everybody gettin hearts 🤤
"And be well rounded human beings"
Now that's a message I can get behind
99 out of 1000. So about a 10th of the time? 3:20
::excitedly clicks new YSAC video::
::knuckles noise sends my fist involuntarily through my computer monitor::
YSAC you god 1M subs now do the D reveal you promised in the zucchini noodles video
You should let Pimblokto do an episode
T-That was beautiful...
I think that I can die happy...
the half cups were quarters you heathen
Why does everyone want a heart, I just thought it was hilarious
OMG! I got my YSAC fix....seems like forever since you last uploaded! Congrats on making a mil subs! 👏🏽
"if you're only 7'2" like me" I'm a 4'11" boy how am I supposed to reveal myself as the precedented alpha?
Congrats on the Million subs man!
That le(ea)king leek was a piece of genius!
1:58 sister should give back the vitamix
The alpha shirt got me  good. best YouTuber ever 10/10
Your vids are the greatest. Because it's game day I'm watching this vid
Give me a heart or I will steal your soul.





And your Wang jangler.
I just poured a bottle of eye drops in each eye and preparing for a YSAC binge. 😂😭🤤🤕
You kinda sucked more at sports than cooking in this video.
"So now that we 100% know who the alpha is, I'm gonna get back into the kitchen and check on that dip."

It's the subtle humor I like.
2:05 i swear once you said hospital AMBULANCE SIRENS WENT OFF
I love the use of intergalactic techniques. May the people of Mars be an inspiration to you?
Don't tell me you got the techniques from the French. Those silly old French, being so close to the sun!
just watched all ur videos in the span of ~2 days. good stuff lmao
Go glitterbacks 🌟✨🌟✨
Theory: Binging with Babish and YSAC are actually the same person, but they just don’t know it.
UGH those bubbles after you opened the oven😍
"if you're only 7'2-"
FINALLY ANOTHER EPISODE








😊😊😊😊😊😊😄😄😊😆😚☺😋😊
Damnit was really hoping I could see his reflection in the tv
Please don't eat me.
Legend has it, if you are 12 hours late you will not get a heart
Thanks for this! I made it and served it at my school pep rally
The artichoke dip actually seems like something that would taste pretty good
Lovely 😊 I just can’t find the mayo pods , will tide pods work
Thank god I was beginning to forget what joy felt like
Your videos make me smile A LOT but also bite down on my teeth because it just gets too much of goodness for my heart.
My hand just broke for clicking this vid too fast
OK, lets face it. This guy is by far the funniest on Youtube. Every single episode is legit.
woah a keto recipe on YSAC?? this is gonna be the best sportsdaybowl ever!
I have a girlfriend because of your videos. Thanks buddy :)
Yes yes yes yes, YES YES YES YES
One video a month just isn't enough man. 😖😖😖😖 I need my fix on a weekly basis.
I’m half a day late but I know you have it in you to allow me to join the love club.

Thanks in advance. I love you.
Can I have an emotional guidance chart? I've been needing one since I turned 10
The Glitterbacks suck!!! Especially at cooking! 

BUT, Microsoft is a great team. Love them to bits. They better win this year, or I'm stabbing someone with my knifesketball!!! Don't doubt me, boi!
Cooking is the best man you are the best also CRASHED DANGYIT
The new kitchen gadgets were  amazing! Love you and all the comics working for free in the comments section!
The fact that he does all this random stuff makes me laugh, because the food is actually good and it's just amazing.
when you realice that these gf videos were his actual sister.......;_; bro
bwahahaha blue screen of death. Thanks for the video bro.
Round 2 vs Nichols 
Go Dennison!
oh my god yes please do more keto recipes in the future too!!
Hey Mr. Sexiest Hands alive ! ! ! 

What book is that? :D 

I'm an english major and trying to fit fun books into my schedule. 

But don't worry - I also do sports... woodworking is a sport, right? 

Best, Nora <3

p.s. I just realized that my message looks a bit like a d---elicious butternut squash.
Is it just me or is the chopping sped up satisfying???
I deeply appreciate how much effort you put into these videos they’re all so golden
Respect the rules of Sportsball or you'll need more than $20
See, I prefer to chop my garlic with the actual racket itself. the wire doesn't make it that fine, but if you smash it a few times it's pretty good.
Notice me please? 










Ps: Hella Alpha with that sippy cup and heels.
Parma- zaannnggg screech it’s PARMASHAWN!
I love you <3 your videos are so amazing.
7'2 Honey you're tall as fudge you don't need heels
0:30-0:53 HOW ARE YOU NOT IN HARVARD YET ?
YOU'RE BACK! OH, HOW I HAVE MISSED YOU!!!
I'm a day late and a dollar short in everything I do so honestly I don't deserve a heart but I won't complain
Better patent that knifesketball idea fast bro. People are always stealing great ideas
Who else has seen all 71 of these videos?
I thought the football at the end was a cat.






I wish it was a cat.
A slightly classier How to basic that also use puns?
Can't he just buy a new vitamix?
Sportball season! Time for me to hate my life and avoid people 335% more than before.
how can someone be this funny,,,,,save some for the rest of us bud
make a vid where it all rimes love your vids keep it up
Why did the intro make me really really relaxed.
when he has the same exact chopping knife that you do.
Hey! Nice episode, as per the usual!
Nothing says "Well-rounded human being" like playing tennis with Dadaist literature in the snow.
When did ya hit a million subs anyway congrats on that
tries to catch a glimpse of senpai ysac in the tv but fails
Hey Mr. YSaC,  are the dogs ok?  I'm was sad to not see them playing sports and books with you
The referee in the tv so we can't see his reflection😂😂😭😭 noooooooo
please, i can only get so erect
Yes finally I've been waiting for a video!
Where may I get those mayo pods?
You haven't posted in ages we thought you was dead! 😢❤😍
Next make your own takoyaki recipe
99/1000
"If you're only 7' 2 like me," bOI i am 5' 3 imma need some 24 inch heels
I am almost 2 days late I don't think there is any chance that I get a ❤ but I will risk it, for the sake of sports and books Can I get a heart please?
Awww! We’ve missed you! 💕👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾💕
oh no im late that makes me sad but your videos make me happy may i get a heart? please?
do you take pre order on the Knifesketballs?
How far out do you plan these videos????.lmao
I think I'm attracted to your editing skills.
If it weren't for you and the music I can't find on amazon, I'd probably never open YouTube.
Y haven't uploaded in awhile I missed u😞
Quality content as always, you are a comedy genius man.
Definitely my favourite thing to watch on YouTube. Funny, educational and you learn how to cook. Genius!
Ah, coulda had a heart if I bothered to watch this this morning instead of... you know... getting ready for work x'D  laughs until cry
Happy birthday, bro!
I giggled the whole time watching your video like an alpha male
Hi I'm 9 hours late but that's not my fault it's my school they would rather have me learn math and "valuable information to better my future". 😐 honestly my future is just gonna be full of artichoke dip.

Also I think you're funny and cool.. ok bye.
Did anyone else read the ending with a regular car reviews voice
omg I can't believe I forgot about your channel! GOLD
That Microsoft part KILLED ME! Today has been a good day!
You sure that outro wasn’t an audible ad?
You're fantastic! I love your humor :)
You are one of the best things that have happened in my life ! Funny af
Also I will take that eye drops tip to HEART
I kept seeing this video pop up last night but didn’t notice it was yours. Was using my blender this morning and remembered the Vitamix episode, wondered where you were. Missed ya, buddy.
You haven't let go of the Vitamix thing with your sister have you.
Hi, frome russia!) I love your videos
i love the contrast between the actual production value and the delivery. narrative is so laid back and casual but you can tell a lot of work goes on to make it look effortless
Was that a cover of Possum Kingdom by the Toadies
A new ysac episode as you’re binge watching ysac episodes, what more would you want
I have tryouts next week lol wish me luck with that recipe!
Have you visited the Vitamix recently? It might be lonely
so i’m like 3 days late and
um
yeah
i’ll leave now
Omg I'm crying the Microsoft part was so unexpected
Your game day shirt number is 69. 💯💯🔥🔥😂😂👌👌
Did anyone notice the leak was taking a leak
My birthday is on Sunday (2/4) 😈
still mad abt the vitamix... understandable... my ninja broke this morning :-(
Steve Nash has a cooking show?
I just got home and clicked on this faster than the flash. Can I get a heart please ?
Vitamax for a shallow dish. Good deal!
Can you explain the lore of the eggs? The story has a lot of plot points that require more background information.
Wtf??? YOU DO NOT TOUCH SOMEONE'S VITAMIX!
Vitamix is the fukkin best
GLITTERBACKS - 69 :P
Amazingly clever as always,! Blue screen joke so truthfully funny.  Thank you for making my game day way more interesting.
This should be renamed to how to sport
This is like the Tim and Eric of first-person cooking channels. I love it.
I won a game of Fortnite then I only got 5 damage done to me the entire game :)
The most Canadian Ref insults ever.  Love it!
I recommend alpha pumps in dark red, like the blood of your less alphaey opponents. Red lipstick also really spooks your enemies.
Found this channel today best day in a while since how to basic
I need me some of that cooking equipment.
I was expecting a dip song, but I was decently satisfied with sports and books
Thanks for keeping it clean for the kids with the ref.  Hilarious video.
Oh, you’re alive! Ok good, I was gettin worried, man...
Onion hasn't been on 350 for a while...
That sippy cup thing is actually a pretty good idea!
WOW!  I'm half parmesanezia too!  Who knew
Yellow karate belt, high heels, sippie cup, I'm ready for the game!
Wait wait, I need to be high for this💕
Stop being so funny and good at cooking and amazing at editing and superb at singing and can you just be my new dad now
Thanks for the advice..it really work.;)
I just love your videos. I am from India and saw your chicken tikka masala recipe. I loved it.
Hey... I'm a random comment... Can I get a heart?
the 1/3 was 1/6 bad maths
More frequent uploads please?
How do you know if Mayo pods go bad? - concerned cook
So,you joke about the sippy cup but I  honestly don't drink cocktails without one.  Bartenders appreciate the reduced risk of broken glassware too. 😁
So by any chance will my volleyball knife work as well as my basetball knife?  Tried a bowlingball but it just broke My counter after I dropped it.
Mayo PODS? Mayo is a fruit, not a pod.
Hey, can I get a 💀 too, please?
Your breakdown of parm to wet stuff was a watershed moment for this irregular cook 👩‍🍳
I wait anxiously all month long for these videos. Finally!
FINALLY IT'S BEEN SO LONG
Btw what has happened to pimblokto?
Senpai why u not give me heart
That's the most creative audible commercial I've seen in a while!
After watching this for the 5th time, I finally noticed the leek is leaking. Please repair that. Broken leeks slowly wear away it's flavor.
if were talking tiquando i can take u kuz im a red belt
I don't think that's how you read sports... or play books...
Ah the two genders, sports and books.
is there anything i can use as an alternative to artichokes?
Here we witness YSAC's apotheosis into an alpha.
face reveal now that youre at 1 mil?
Love the vid like always 😄👍
I know I'm a little late, but can I have a heart please?
I could not click quickly enough on this (mainly because I was asleep when ya posted it!)
You are only the second other person I've ever heard utter the word "jackwagon."   
If I cook the dip on my truck's stll-hot engine block, can I skip the trip to the ER?
99% of the time making the video is the music part
Heart me and I will heart you, I’ve made this artichoke btw
This channel is like the Regular Car Reviews of cooking.
Would stilettos work if I don’t have Alpha pumps on hand?
i had no idea silence of the lambs was true story based
That knuckle cracking tho.. makes my ears bleed
Only 7"2 OK 😂😂😂
Great videos always glad I notified to your channel so I can see all your new videos I've watched literally every video you have made
Water with white food coloring is usually my go to for most meals ×.×
G A M E.      D A Y
Hey man, so I just wanted to say that I'm a long-time fan, and I appreciate all the content you put out on a regular basis (I honestly thought you were one of the most underrated channels on YouTube, so I'm glad to see you hit 1M) . 

I just tried to donate to your video here, but in order for me to be able to do that, you have to install this Chrome extension called Tipp and create an account.

If you want more information, just google "Tipp Chrome extension" and look at the website, but it basically just allows people like me, who want to give a bit more than a Like, to make a donation on your video. If you let your audience know they should download it, too, then they'll be able to start giving out donations where they see fit (as well as being able to receive donations themselves on their own channels). 

I'd appreciate it if you'd try it out, but if not, keep up the great work anyways man.
Can I get a heart for how long I've waited for this
You just know the day has gotten even better when you get a notification. Yay! :D
Wait, YSAC  is a Canadian, living in Canada.  But he pulled out American money?
It works 99/1000 or 9%
This helped me prepare for game day. What sport are they playing again? Reading?
i sure love sports, my favorite game is chase ball! go teams! woohooo!
raises hand shyly "may i get a 💓??"
You are back! I missed you
I missed your videos!!! I watched everything to try not being bored, but it didnt work!
Now boi if you dont clean that oven i finna start roasting xD
Finally you uploaded I’ve been lonely 🤫
Can I get a Heart too pleaseeeeee? :)
Seeing that American money shocked me... I always thought you were Canadian!
99/1000
Ok so I'm rewatching a lot of his videos but did anyone else notice that the leek was leaking
If u give me a heart i will cry
Lmao the exact second school finishes this comes out. Day improved 1000%
I'm sick but YSAC never disappoints me when I need something the smile and laugh at.
love you (⑉°з°)-♡
I like your strut. It's like you channeled your inner ondio.
Well if you only look at the numbers, I'm commenting right on time! (12 hours late squad)
I love you rn
Yellow? I'M GREEN!
A sbook: a book about sports
Takes Tide Pods and dips them in freshly made artichoke dip
A stupid trend that needs to be stopped has been found!
Thanks for making this it's so funny
Keto! Yay!
Yet another EPIC video recipe, although I have to admit, I developed a slight queasy feeling when you dawned your alpha pumps.  Dig'n your assortment of game day kitchen tools by the way!  Cheers!
It's been awhile since we've had a song at the end. Happy it's back!
I love how it’s funny but actually gives recipes
Where can I find a 2018 Grand Slamjangler? They’re out at Bed Bath and Beyond
You should make an Easter Egg dying video for Easter.
I literally just spent 5 mins watching a ad then I forgot I was even watching this
I'll pay you 20 dollars in ones to be the alpha but give me a 💓
The vita mix reference 😂
only took a month but still amazing
Pumps don’t match the belt! Humm....
NO SOTU on Trending??/ WHY NOT?????
The Microsoft MVP joke with an immediate BSOD was hilarious . . . especially since I am watching on my Chromebook . . . I almost has a Pavlovian heart attack. Then I realized it was the mayo.
Hey, Valentine’s Day is coming up...
Are you really on keto? Good for you... 👍
I just love going to this channel. It's the small corner of YouTube with cooking and laughs. These videos always cheer me up :D
I've decided every time I tell someone I'm hungry now I'm just going to say "My tumbo's on four grumbo" instead. Maybe FIVE grumbo if I'm really starving.
that last joke their "lets be well rounded human beings" had me rofl lol
this guy never runs out of ideas it's ridiculous. this is the epitome of great content
The pumpkin pie charts are why I watch this man
After you said you were 7'2" I literally just leaned back in my chair and stared at the ceiling for a second then kept thinking about it while the rest of the video played. I'm so small compared to you holy shit
Man I’ve missed this channel so much
I absolutely hate artichoke but he made it look appetizing????? Like how does one even????
Can I use orphan tears as the wet stuff?
Let’s read books 
And play sports
sports
Let’s read books 
And play sports
And be well rounded humans
0:00 You need help...
I'm so glad I found this channel today...
I love to sports!
I am just so impressed at how well you walk in those heels.
When ya have no feiends...Hight fives air*
Will you ever do a face reveal?
Wait...Is that a Taekwondo belt? doesn't look like it, but all schools are different
He actually said pepper pepper pepper
Oh no was I too late to get loved by god
99 out of 1000 times best joke
>The end user manually initiated the crashdump
Yay!! You're back! I can't believe you scred the Fed-jangler; I got the Wililams-blender, but it made everything so hot!!
I died at that Windows football
this is just barely a cooking show
The book is about the dada art movement if anyone’s interested.
I couldn't find a leek. Would a shallot work?
may i have a ❤️ too please it would make my day
I'm supposed to be working, but biology sucks
I understand the pain of losing your Vitamix. 🙁
to be honest I am surprise he didn't die from basketball knife.
"Let's play sports and read books and be well rounded humans" okay, now he couldn't deny he is Canadian even if he tried. :)
When you cracked your knuckles... cringe
Is there a puppy bowl version of the artichoke dip? Need to know because the dog food dip I made last year didn't go down well. I mean it went down fine but it was coming back up that seemed to annoy my ungrateful guests.
when did you add the artichoke?
My Wangjangler broke you got a spare?
2million subs Then A Face reveal
Notice me heart God😍
Oke doke artechokey
I got suspended because I’m not wearing white shoes on Monday
When cooking eith the ondo, are you using farenhundo or centundo?
Where do you purchase mayo pods?
Since everyone is asking for a heart can I get one XD
Will you ever be selling glitterback shirts?
And here I thought my right wrist was making super loud sounds when I bended or spun it :D
His work always makes me want to laugh and cry at the same time!
Was filming the knife ball a terrifying experience? Because it was terrifying to watch.
Because It's game day.
Because It's game day.
Because It's game day.
Because It's game day.
Editing is amazing as usual 🤗🤗🤗
Im hella late but can I get a Heart bc I Love ya?
Slightly disappointed that you didnt play sports in high heels
0:36 arent 1/3. they are 1/6
Never return the Vitamix once it's asked for, never give it back.
Only this channel could make me laugh within the very first second
The leek leak was a nice subtle touch
you're doing keto? i do NOT envy you
Who else read the title as "Some Gay Artichoke Dip"
I need a Knifesketball
You’re right, I guess physics is good. Never thought about it that way!
I love this. Can you teach me how to make a cake? I suck at it..or try making spaghetti!
You sound exactly like evan braddock to me
* First watching this vid * 
Ad: * SHOWS GOD DAMN ARTICHOKE DIP* 
Vid: * talk about how to make artichoke dip*
Is the knife-sketball patented?
Love ya man keep doing what your doing... If your happy doing this if that is 😊😊😊
My girlfriend and I are both getting ripped on Keto as well
Nice to see you back in action, you  chef you. Hope your holiday was fulfilling, and gave you many great ideas about how to make me a better cook, because boy do I suck at cooking.
Wow😱😱! A basketball shopper! What a great new invention😂😂😂😂😂😂Lol
You actually used fresh garlic for once
99 out of 1000 times... I see what you did there
Water with white food coloring - also known as fat free skim milk
I love parmizon and mayo pods thay make good pepper pepper pepper
Omg the leak was leaking.
The golfballs are edible right?
You should try to get on a cooking competition show
That's some very nice dip you got there
Sp4zie sent me here, great stuff ! subbed. cheers :)
U need much more subs than what u have now
Not first but close enough
You have 1 mil where's the d reveal
that looks like a pot plant on your window lol
I think you just shattered all the bones in your hands.
I kinda feel like you don't actually suck at cooking. Those videos make me hungry
Pimblockto for president 2020
Can we have an “I’m the Alpha” T-shirt please?
Thanks for the potato dip recipie
This just made my day
Did no one notice that the leek was leaking.   Like what
Perfect Alpha male recipe!
I use to think what you cook was good 
I was wrong
"If we lose i have some extra beer to drink"  I died!! 😂😂
"glitterbacks"
Yo, you got a way I can print out that feeling chart?
I'm still trying to figure out the genre of this channel
I am OFFICIALLY all caught up!!! 😆😆😆
Would anyone like to talk about how he has twenty ones instead of a $20 bill
Please tell me bedtime stories papa
Who knew exurb1a had a cooking channel..
are..are your bones made of wood?
We have waited long enough for the next part of the egg series 😤😤
We have the same TV I feel a connection
Your vids are the ones I get most excited about. Also nice catheter
Subscribed! I love this channel.
I decided to make this and its actually amazing. Though i dont have enough sippy cups to pass around this sunday.
Hey what sneakers are you wearing? I need good cooking sneakers...
Lmao I'm 10 and I'm a purple belt
YSAC will you be my dad?
Where can I buy mayo pods?
Wait, is he American? I thought he was Canadian...
Assuming that belt is from karate, the black stripe on it signifies that you failed your test.
Can I use this to choke myself?
definitely one of my top favorite channels. you got it all. food. goofs. and song. and no dead bodies in the forest
12 hours late darn, wish I could join that love club but eh, you know what they say, the early worm gets the worm.
got a little preachy at the end but a good dip show none the less
whoa. i have the same houseplant that you do
HAHAHAHAHA LOVE THE LEAK JOKE
Bro what's wrong with you?
His apathetic voice and jokes literally makes the video.
Duuuuude....Those floors SERIOUSLY need refinishing.
I don't know what game day is.
good lord this is gold. LOVING IT.
Many people getting loved... I’m late but can I get a heart too? I want to join the club.
can i get in to the ❤️ club?
He said he is only 7,2
Am wondering where did he get the high heels XD
Make garlick breéd
Go sports!!!
i love this video, when he showed how he acted during the game, i could really relate
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA I JUST DRANK COLD ORANGE JUICE MY BRAIN SICKLES HURT
May I suggest a face reveal?
I try to be well rounded, that's why I don't do keto and drink a ton of beer. I'm like, halfway there.
Ha only 7'2. That what made laugh the most
Yay number five on trending.
99 out of a 1000 times! :)
you have a... leak
god dammit
CRACK OPEN A COLD ONE WITH THE B O Y S
Can the $20 in singles be correlated to those shoes? 😏
...
Like, you totally bought them on sale cause they’re like your birthstone color or what ever?
Because it's game day...
wang jangle me daddy
Me me me too. pleaseio!
WOOOOO, SPORTS BALL
This is so funny 😂 I sub
Why does this kinda remind me of jacksfilms
All his videos are perfect
my mom loves your videos so much...
this dude is no doubt, definitely the best thing to ever come out of youtube.
Or it could be all mayo if your a psychopath
I ALMOST SKIPPED THIS THINKING IT WAS ANOTHER BUZZFEED VIDEO. THANK GOD I CHECKED YOUR CHANNEL JUST IN CASE
I feel good for future cooking! :D
On a scale from one to sports I give this 5/5 sports points.
Can I join the club to?.
Is it bad if my fingers and wrist sound like that when I crack them?
Parmensanezia is what I suffer from when we run out of Parm. It involves horrible fits of Asiago
7 foot? Hahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahah AAA ha ahha oh man ha good joke
This video is so powerful I'm holding back tears
I love all the things you said! (Except car mayo). That Federer thinga-majiggle tho- ordering from wish so its here by next year’s sports day!
Holly crap u are now my favorite YouTube channel
This channel is regular car reviews meets chrisfix meets food
99/1000 times
The cracking effects at the beginning disturbed me
Funniest intro ever 😂
How about for the 100 episode he does a non face reveal
"Be well rounded human beings" Someone's not very good at RPGs. You gotta min-max, bro. For example, I maxed out the "procrastination" skill, but have no points in the "social interaction" skill, which allows me to stay in bed and watch YouTube videos all day instead of talking to people.
I DEMAND A HEART 😤
Books books lets read books sports lets play sports
This spoke to me on a spiritual level.
18 naked cowboys at ram ranch
lol I love your humour!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
YES ANOTHER YSAC VIDEO! WHAT TOOK SO LONG?!!!
I DIDNT KNOW POKÉMON IS A SPORT
The LEEK was LEAKING 😂😂😂
I am ten and a green belt, yellow belt is first stage for people who don’t know
I don't think anyone saw the cutting knife coming.
I tried to make this before game day and a man came into my home and shoved an entire football down my throat, suffocating me to death. Anybody know how to avoid this?
I just discovered this channel and holy shit i love it!! Reminds of casually explained's type of dry humour
WOhoooo Go Micro$oft!!! My Team!!!! But on the other handjangler... I am a Microsoft MVP software developer....
Can I skip the sports part and just read books?
Does anyone realize that the leek was leeking
SPORTS!
*hits football with baseball bat”
I just made some myself. Fantastic.
Hell yeah keto! :D
I’ve been waiting for this moment
is ysac still giving the love?
Are you a real chef?
"*B I G  S I P P*"
i want a heart that my father never gave me
I can't wait to read a book during the Super Bowl while eating arty dip with a carrot spoon i whittled in my weekend whittling class!
Heh, yellow belt? You won’t beat me with my green belt!
I'm supposed to be "learning something" right now to "better my knowledge" even though no one cares. This is more helpful than the first 14 years of my life combined. Heart please?😧
Sorry man, the new city clargers are the best team in the league.
I love the subtle joke of making the leek leak.
IVE BEEN WAITING
Lmfao omg I'm dyn.
You hit 1 million subscribers
How could I not notice this video?
Artichoke dip.

If it had a face it would be Articheek dip.

Opposite of X then its a Articheck dip.

I already.

Couldnt think of more.

So stop reading you're wasting your time.
You should do some behind-the-scenes!
I didn't have a lemon so I used an orange
Hey Ref!!
2:17 how I prepare for friends :D
May I please have a heart. I-I'm sorry I shouldn't have asked slides $20
i like to imagine this is pete sagar
i have feelings for you
you need a sound cloud for all the music you make
Showed your videos to my dad and he lost it laughing lol
Hey look
I appreciate that you actually showed us that you walked with high heels
You are a creative boi
What happened to your thumb?
I love him and binging with babish ...😍
Jackrabbits will beat the GlitterBABIES this Sunday.
Come on everyone get this video to #1 on trending!
Te huidos en lana cuellos te Guido en frasos
IDK if you're gonna see this or not but you made my day a lot better. Thank you very much!
Are those actual recepies?
The leek was leaking!
1/6!!!!
What if I don’t want your heart
Yay
I feel like I want the last one
Do we have to wear alpha heels?
I'm late what's game day
Is it bad that I went and watched every single video from episode 1 in less than a week?
We want Pimblokto!!!
TIL how to be alpha
I just feel happy now
where do i buy mayo pods 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
I love the quickedits
<3 <3 <3
BOOKS!!!!
MAKE SOME ART I CHOKE SOMEONE AFTER
I thought you were canadian
Reasonably sure the book is "Dadas on Art: Tzara, Arp, Duchamp and Others" by Lucy R. Lippard
Congrats on 1m!
That song touched me
The Vitamix!
Greek yogurt?? HAHAHAH LOL
ONE MILLION SUBSCRIBERS! FINALLY THE ROBOT CAN LIVE WITH ME
I tried a recipe it’s actually good
You go for 69 too? Bruh
This was posted on my b-day
I miss pimblokto
i wanna heart im jealous
I got my catheter xD
😂😂😂😂😂💀
you need a new floor bud
wee woo first video of the year!
How does a guy wear heels better than me
Day 3: The embryo is lying on its left side. Onset of blood circulation. The vitelline membrane spreads over the yolk surface. The head and trunk can be discerned, as well as the brain. Appearance of the cardiac structures which begin to beat.
knowing is half the battle. thanks you suck at cooking
Viva Pimblockto!
sigh You didn't let your mayo tide pods say goodbye.
Like this if you must know what happens to Pimblokto
I still mis the vitamix 😟
This guy is awesome 😂😂
Sports!!
What if I’m allergic to mayo? Is there an alternative that I can use?
Since when did people all get hearts
Was expecting dip song 3 :(, still awesome vid luv u bye
why do I find it satisfying with all those quick chops
I honestly live for this channel
The only heels I own are also knee high leather boots. Will this affect the Tase/Alpha status at all?
Are you an arsonist? Because those refs are getting BURNED!!  <high five> <high five> <high five> <high five>
You should do a face veville
those heels are poppin
The Super Bowl sucks.
GO SPORTS!
Djokovic is better
yogurt is from turkey not greek
Haha, sports
Wowww sour cream :0
Happy birthday
1 week late




I hope there’s no punishment
p e p p e r  p e p p e r  p e p p e r
Hahaha, leak...
can you please make a movie out of that egg thing? please, maybe try to collaborate with adult swim ! that could become a netflix thing.. :( pleaaaase
I thought he would have put clean golf balls but uh that's definitely dirt in there. :T
I let out laugh wee at this.
finally new vid!
Ya like jazz
he or his roommate plays piano you can see a piano at 2:32 thats cool idk why this is important but i just thought i would say it
Pro tip get a black belt its beter
The leek was leaking.
I think your leak is leaking
Your finally back
0:44
God, I love you.
When are you collabing with binging with babish?!
That reflection
Yay he’s back
“Getting ripped on keto” 😂😂😂
"Go mvp xD
Where do you get a Microsoft football?
I love this channel so much
Heh sports. Amiright?
DO A FACE REVEAL
And because its game day.....
We know who you are.
WHERE DO I GET A GLITTERBACKS JERSEY
GODDAMNIT... That was good
Desinc that you?
And becuse its gameday
Great episode as usual
You are just so worth it, baby.
Finally 😩
Oh that's funny because golf isn't a sport
I am probably the only person that asked this but can you do a face reveal? I am just curious. Even if you don't that would never stop me from watching your amazing videos!
Yo. Keto is legit.
1:21
Now I have Gordon Ramsay in my recommended section...
Kinda wanna know if you’re really “totally getting ripped on keto” or not
I wonder what is pimbloxto doing so far
Yaoi
The hand crack made me terrified then I noticed it was fake
YESSS
Can you make some Enchiladas?
1:01
OMG this is douchebag realness at is best.
Oh my godd pepper pepper pepper is backk ❤❤😭
Teach me how to be a boss in the kitchen 🙏😇
99 out of a 1000 times
you remind me of my math teacher
so you are a gaymer?
I like the part where he talks.
God I love this channel so much😂
Go Sports!
This guys is amazing
Aren't you gonna burry the robot?
My initials are r.e.f so I was like what’s up
THATS WHAT YOU GET FOR TAKING BACK THE VITAMIX
Who else noticed the leek leaking
this mental image that is being assembled for the alpha male is getting to be too much; I'm glad I'm not alpha, I don't think I could handle the responsibility and adoration of my peers.
i can not get enough of your videos
Did anyone see the leak leaking? Subtle joke indeed
Did you follow Gregg's instructions this time?
B I G S I P P P P
I was pooping well watching this
Please please please do a FACE REVEAL! It would be awesome!!!
Anybody notice the leeks were leaking? Lmbo
Gasps This is the most we've ever seen of the Great Chef's personage. We just came dangerously close to seeing the Great One's face. It is not yet time, oh great one! We are undeserving! We are not ready!
why am i so worried when i saw you wearing heels? aw gawd please tell me im wrong! 😂
Nice
My undo is also on four hundo
My midsection is well  rounded too
Is this a Food Wishes recipe?
Those heels are quite high, but not as high as my optimism that I'll be the alpha when I take this dip to game day
you walk better in those high heels than i do my dude.
That artichoke volcano actually looks good
I have the same tv that you have
I really want to see Roger Federer do a commercial for the Grand Slamjangler.
I heard a vitamix can turn any food healthy so I put a Big Mac in it.
Lol!!! Couldn't stop laughing!
Dat hidden product placement!
This didn’t show up in my feed :/
gordon ramsay who
Hi
You are a beautiful human
"I got my catheter so I don't have to go anywhere" ......alright then
face 


reveal
this needs to be viral!
Yes
00:00 to 05:05 = hilarious
Those pumps tho 😍
Parmesanana
Those heels are kinda cute tho
I choked  on my food when I saw this video
I feel sad for your hardwood floors.  Plz refinish.
The gliterbacks lost
1:37 Hella satisfying.
<3
Noti squad in the house
He broke his hands and fingers
Another classic
Loved every second
What are these hearts? Are they edible?
We're cool with that
How about a like for a heart? Otherwise, I can slip you a twenty and be like, "Hey, I know you're the one already making the video and everything, but I sat here and watched it, so could you, like, give me a heart? I won't tell anybody."
The Lord Jesus Christ is coming, friends! 

The Lord loves you! He is not angry at you, and neither does He hate you! 

He came down from heaven in the Person of Jesus Christ to die and rise again for all of us! 

So friends, rest in this Perfect Love of God!

Repent and put your faith in The Lord Jesus! He will save you from your sins, He will make you new, and He will also deliver you from the oncoming judgement headed to this earth. 

The Lord has already taken our punishment on Himself, so I pray you accept this Great Gift of God! 

Call upon Him today, and you will be saved! You don't need a lot of faith or even a fancy prayer. All you need is faith as the size of a mustard seed and sincere words from your heart. I assure you He will hear you. 

Shalom, friends.
I think he lives in michigan
Ily thank u
“YOU GET A HEART AND YOU GET A HEART”
Favorite channel.
Somebody toucha my spaghet!!
And because it's game day.....
i was just trying to find a basic ass artichoke dip recipe and ended up being thoroughly entertained ..lol!
Is this game day or preparation for watching orange dictators state of the uniom address? The sippy  cup and heels would work for both
I feel like he revealed more of his body in this one episode than he has in any other video he’s posted
like your vids
high five high five high five can I get a high five?
Boss
Lol this was hilarious!
When did this become your main channel 😂
the sounds at the  start made me cringe
So good!
Only chocking I want is from Brady and the patriots 

Let’s go eagles 🦅🦅🦅
Parma ZAHN
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
You are the master B  A  M  B  O  O  Z  L  E  R
1:55
You know you are ruining the future of many students who have an exam tomorrow
The leek was leaking xD
Everyone says i sound like this guy I don't see it
1/6*
He's 7.2?
Books!
amazing editing
0:55 leaks are leaking
Okay I'm sorry I agree you're cooking school sorry
Go Microsoft MVP!
I skipped school and tune into Youtube to find this. Today is a good day
Iz it reali eatable
*GRACEFUL ALPHA WALK*
I wish you could give more thumbs up for a video.
Crazy Russian Hacker needs to test your kitchen gadjicks, the Shredminton Racket and Knifesketball. Boom, awesome!
This is funny
Anyone notice the leek had a leak?
I hate you for that intro.
s  p o r t s
Sometime's I wonder if he's just eternally lonely so the food keeps him company until he finds the one.
Cats or dogs?
You should go onto food network
Let's read books lol.
How did he make the cracking sound
do i put in 2 eggs?
FIRST
I thought I invented the knifesketball :(
69 hahah
Beep beep give me a freaking heart or I’ll take away your cold one so you can’t crack it open with the boys.
Just only 7 2
I don't suck at cooking; how rude!
My boy back
You come cook
High five high five high five all around
This made me laugh like hell
Does anyone want a face reveal  or is it just me
This is the how to basic of cooking
I like how he hits the camera in the beginning
It’s game day bro
No dip song :'(
NO physics is the byproduct of WITCHCRAFT
Someone said you live in Maine is that true?
It's two in the freakin morning i am so disappointed in myself...but like not really, I mean, I had a good time and thats whats important
1 cup parmasanisio
1 cup mayosneeze
I have the same ikea dish towels
Let's go eagles!!!
Those cracking noise in the begging were not ok lol
Just realized that the the leak was leaking
Ya I’m happy that you did another epasoid
Why ask for a heart when you can use a haiku?

Artichokes are art,
In my life, they're a big part,
O brother, a heart?
Can I get a like?
I have the same shoes
Hilarous 😆
He's alive?
Pepper pepper pepper
This is the best video on YouTube
roboto?
Leak, hahaha I get it
I wonder how many dishes he needed to washy wash wash after the video
CAN U FACE REVEAL
Pepper pepper pepper
So glad it was game day
Am I the only one who thinks he sounds so HOT🔥 🔥
This guys sound a lot like the guy from 'Ryan is Driving'
1 mil HYPE
KETO IS LIFE
Haha sports are cool!!
always when you use pepper its always "pepper pepper pepper" not one time differen
Am i late ❤️?
sees number on the jersey nice
stop making me replay the beginning
Who knew cooking could be educational and humorous
Wow new binging with babish and ysac at the same time? Does anyone wanna give high fives to each other with our raging boners? Heart please
I'm seeing a trend here in the comment section
Your voice sounds like bob from bobs burgers.. just a fun fact
His ratios trigger me
The leek was leaking.
Oh so cute
So you are living in Antarctica......
U reached 1 million
Nice cords.
Stop trying to clog my arteries you canadian
Casually Explained?
Your sister sounds like an evil villain
Hitting a football against trees with a tennis racket actually looks pretty fun.
I'm gonna make this it sounds good.
keto is really gooddddddddd
High five high five high five high five
Parmizzon
0:34 THATS ONE SIXTH I Am **TRIGGERED**
His voice is sounds very attraktive.
I just found this channel and this is so good????????????? i love it
Pepperoni
An adult man wearing a yellow belt, with high heels, and drinking from a sippy cup. Like is all serious if that doesn’t scream alpha self confidence I don’t know what does.
Noice
Are your wrists made of celery wtf man xD
Late and hangry af
Your leek is leaking my child
*wheezing*
Where is pimblockdo no more filler 😤
"high five high five high five high five." omg why did you hit Casper!
Hi
IT’S AN ONION!!!
Onions on four hondo
gud vid
In my martial arts class yellow belt is the lowest :P
Congratulations on 1 million subs.  Here from reddit!  Changed youtube accounts and forgot to subscribe so here you go!  You have inspired me to start cooking :)
I use 1 cup parmeeshaun and 1 cup milk
i love your videos so much. never fails to make me laugh. your pesto video had me and my sister laughing so hard. please continue to make these! - a 18 year old named kenna 💜
49 on trending....
Jesus christ himself delivered me a message to say that 11 hours late gets a heart GO MVPPPP
I hope Pimblokto like this ...
Where's PINBLOCKTO!
Poor Book
They only made 100 000 of this , yeah its pretty rare
It's been a while
Did anyone notice the leek leaking?
Why does this remind me of American Pie?? Hmmmm interesting... anyways the warriors still blew a 3-1 lead
Including The Bay leaf
You forgot to crack your neck
OOH YEAH GOOD OLE PEPPER PEPPER PEPPER
I’m eating artichoke dip right now...
Only 7 2 like me
There is a middle aged male walking through his house with a sippy-cup in hand, yellow belt round waist and a pair of high heels.
Can I like actually make this stuff and it will actually taste good or no
Been trying to slow down and pause the vid to catch that book title, but difficult on mobile... Has anyone been able to see it?
Where the f*** has this been my whole life? Im disappointed that im just finding this.
Had I known at 11 years old that I could challenge a dude when he spilled his beer on me I could have been the alpha with 20 dollars and might still like football.
that basketball wasnt a hazard at all
?????????????
Go Glitterbacks!!!!
😂
I've never seen (noticed) a video with less than 1% dislikes before
SPORTS
this is art
Been a while
Chewie... we're home
Ok what if I didn’t make any snacks and it isn’t my apartment? Would a 50 be enough to be an alpha?
Chest reveal
so manly
im sorry but why you bully me
Sports!
“If you’re only 7’2 like me” 😂😂😂
Anyone saw the Leek leek out some water?
Wtf is happening
man youtube hit you hard with this video
YOU REALLY MEED TO DO A GOOD MYTHICAL MORNING WITH RHETT AND LINK AND MAKE A MUSIC VIDEO
Yayyyy
Pepper Pepper Pepper
Mate i hate mushrooms [edit:im the kid in the profile pic]
Or i could be 1/2 cup parmonisialactonomy and 1/2 cup pepper pepper pepper
Stupid video. 15 seconds in I had to stop
MARRY ME
Just read a book about sports smh
why does that floor look so terrible?
i love you.
How is pinblockdo
I NEED A ♥️ QUICK!!! MY DOG WILL DIE WITHOUT ONE!!!
7"2?...
This was great because it’s game day
YES KETO
No.
Iwant to cook acake
The leak was leaking
Hi five hi five hi five hi five
MAYOPODS FUCKING MAYOPODS
Dude cool wood floor
You sound like you've been smoking weed
I'm hoping that the mayo was keto mayo.
Are these actually instructions?
leak!
That's funny... when did we start using American currency up here in CANADA!? huh? HUH? HUHHHH????@!!>>!?>??>>>
I would love a piece of your heart
Binging with babish lol
Go mv
Look at those gams...
Feed me mom
You sure you are not how to basic? Or am I over thinking this
Good stuff
Parmesanio.
and because it’s gameday
lol that yellow belt and heels, 👍👍
What's with all the dips on YouTube?
What kind of plant is that in your window?
I wanna marry this guy
69
Omg we have the same oven can i finger you
plz make merch
so does it have to be specifically stollen from my sister?
High five
High five
High five
High five
Looks good but are you going to eat it
have you ever tried putting an onion in the onion on fourhunion while you had a bunion?
Lol the leek was leaking.
det.mi
Alpha pumps
Love me Daddy.
What brand of mayo pods do you use? I keep buying different mayo pods but I feel like someone is tricking me because there is always just raw egg inside and no mayo
Yes.
Make a greek dish
Knifesketball😂
Am i the obly one that noticed the leak was ... leaking
Where did you get that alpha shirt?
And because it’s game day I will cut it with a knife
Looks good
Oh hey 2018
I like the chopping knife
imagine being deaf and using this as your guide
Lol. Best blenders ever.
Very ad hockey
Highfive me
I love that he can actually cook shit
See you guys in 3 months
Minikeg helmet... all this time I've been doing it so wrong.
Hey,could you teach us how to make CHOCOLATE CAKE ?🍫🍰
These are the funniest videos I’ve ever seen 😂
Dem snaps
up until I saw this video I thought physics was a bad thing and not a good thing
Good message
You're a tool. Go Copperbacks!
This is ace!
Thanks
I question where you got those pumps from. either your sister is massive or you had to go to some poor place specialising in big footed women
I remember watching one of your video while eating my mom food she just heard the song you suck at cooking she looked at me whit à death stare 😂
Not the alpha pumps...
The leek leaks!
※
does anyone remember this?


 
"got my knife out... on the cutting board. making something so delicious you could be assured got my green onions chopped which i add to the tuna... and now i'm choppping up the berries, yeah, so you'd assume-ah. then i'll add a little pepper and some salt to make it better. then i'll mix it with a fork as if it's going through a shredder. don't... chop... too hard... or your knife will lose... it's... edge." i've memorized the song... sing it all the time (woops forgot to add an extra p... i wanted to check if i got it wrong so i went to check cc... typo fu- i mean that's not a typo
You chopped the leak wrong
Anyone else get triggered when the book fell in the snow?
Did anybody notice that the leek was leaking?
If ur only 7’2
Kay
Mayo pods😂😂😂
My friend showed me this guy and I subscribed immediately IT WAS THE CORN EPISODE but I’ve seen every single video since then and that was only a few months ago
The drought is over
GUYS THE LEAK WAS LEAKING WATER OMG
is this guy in Oregon?
Awesome
“Only 7’2”, like me”
high five
sp4zie brought me here... never laugh that much in a long time!!!
I have one question who did he want to win
Alpha pumps 😂
Freaking Alpha Pumps. mmmmmmmmm Ok
High five, High five, High five..
Used
What about the dip song?
Those cyan heels don't suit you might I suggest more of a red to contrast with those blue jeans of yours just a suggestion I'm not letting anyone walk around a train wreck
Anybody notice the leak was leaking
I thought it was a veggie 🍕
Ooo
leaking leek.
How dare you steal my invention of the Shredmention Racket?!?! I had that patented! :000 outrageous
YSAC is giving out ❤s? You're my favorite channel.. plz validate me with your attention
Ysac and bill wurtz in the same day! Holy cow
i've been a sub since day 1
I totally want to date this person everytime he makes a video
Physics is not good it tried to kill me multiple times
Are you actually doing keto? :D
I loved the song at the end of the episode. Probably the best one so far
11 hours late... why
What does the ❤️feel like? Will you show me?
YAY ANOTHER VID!!!
Where do I get my own knifesketball? I need one.
Too many hearts!
Um, where am I supposed to find a hot car it's February in Michigan.
lmao!
Me too bro
I love white food coloring
Guys, he finally said Jalapeño and not Jalapeeno.
i want to try and make this because it sounds good but the only ingredients that i have for it are sour cream and mayo ,, i’m still going to try and make it with these ingredients i’ll let you know how it goes
Zero 9
Parmizan XD I love how he says it lol
The reason why I love your channel is because of the little skits. * high five high five high five* 

Yes I know I'm a little late
Whatever the opposite of ASMR is... that would be this intro
This show is actually about a lonely chef slowlkey defending in to sociopathy.
I want a heart
Go Sports!
we love an alpha rocking tiffany blue heels.,.. an icon
I can't believe your sister took the Vitamex :-( R.I.P
Is every comment getting a heart because it's almost valentine's day? cause if so, I would like one too.
This is the most we’ve seen of YSAC
Well im definitely too late for a heart.
This is excellent 😩👌
Bruh, are your hands okay...
Omfg please please post more video
Later but love ya bud
eyyy i want a like
UNDO AT 4 HUNDO
Alpha? 6’5 T1?
Omg im late😟
yes
fav one
I tried the knife basketball.. it worked out pretty well... 11/10 would use again
We should plan a vita heist on your sister to get your vitamix back
Eye drops bahahaha genius mate <3
he was a drag queen all along YASSS
This video just made my week! Super pumped for sports and books now.
Can u make sumthing having to do with Cheesecake or asian Adobo cv
Oh damn, I was so waiting for this
Wow just started Keto diet so this is some scarily perfect timing
You and gordan Ramsey should go head to head in cooking
I loveee that you had shoes that fit you ... and that color! o em gee
That leaky leek though. XD
The intro made me uncomfortable
I love cats and I think I deserve a heart
Yay! Almost to 100 episodes!
Anyone noticed the leak is leaking
Woo! Right on my birthday (:
i don't like the way you say parmesan
SPORTS!
I’m late but FIRST
Lets Play sports
Honestly, the musical endings are what I live for. Thank you for the video, man!
May I have one of the good hearts ♥️
I might actually try this recipe.
Im was soooooooooo excited when i saw this video was posted
this video is definitely the closest we’ll get to seeing his face
This was absolutely delightful
Hey, I'm on keto too!
I made this for my family on thanksgiving.
This video appeases me greatly.
uhh can i get a heart??
I miss your puppy~~
God talks to me.
Hey you're my favorite YouTuber so here is the whole declaration of independence :)



DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE 



IN CONGRESS, JULY 4, 1776



When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security. — Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.

He has refused his Assent to Laws, the most wholesome and necessary for the public good.

He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.

He has refused to pass other Laws for the accommodation of large districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of Representation in the Legislature, a right inestimable to them and formidable to tyrants only.

He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual, uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their Public Records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with his measures.

He has dissolved Representative Houses repeatedly, for opposing with manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people.

He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others to be elected, whereby the Legislative Powers, incapable of Annihilation, have returned to the People at large for their exercise; the State remaining in the mean time exposed to all the dangers of invasion from without, and convulsions within.

He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners; refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and raising the conditions of new Appropriations of Lands.

He has obstructed the Administration of Justice by refusing his Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary Powers.

He has made Judges dependent on his Will alone for the tenure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.

He has erected a multitude of New Offices, and sent hither swarms of Officers to harass our people and eat out their substance.

He has kept among us, in times of peace, Standing Armies without the Consent of our legislatures.

He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to the Civil Power.

He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his Assent to their Acts of pretended Legislation:

For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:

For protecting them, by a mock Trial from punishment for any Murders which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States:

For cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world:

For imposing Taxes on us without our Consent:

For depriving us in many cases, of the benefit of Trial by Jury:

For transporting us beyond Seas to be tried for pretended offences:

For abolishing the free System of English Laws in a neighbouring Province, establishing therein an Arbitrary government, and enlarging its Boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these Colonies

For taking away our Charters, abolishing our most valuable Laws and altering fundamentally the Forms of our Governments:

For suspending our own Legislatures, and declaring themselves invested with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.

He has abdicated Government here, by declaring us out of his Protection and waging War against us.

He has plundered our seas, ravaged our coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people.

He is at this time transporting large Armies of foreign Mercenaries to compleat the works of death, desolation, and tyranny, already begun with circumstances of Cruelty & Perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the Head of a civilized nation.

He has constrained our fellow Citizens taken Captive on the high Seas to bear Arms against their Country, to become the executioners of their friends and Brethren, or to fall themselves by their Hands.

He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian Savages whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.

In every stage of these Oppressions We have Petitioned for Redress in the most humble terms: Our repeated Petitions have been answered only by repeated injury. A Prince, whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people.

Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our British brethren. We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence. They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity. We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind, Enemies in War, in Peace Friends.

We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these united Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States, that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. — And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our L
I thought I was the only one that cracked their wrists!
Can I get a reply fo pimblokto so he thaws out soon
please make a cookbook
Y no ad's
I'm heree
The leek was leaking
If anyone wants to find the mayo eggs that this gentleman used in this video, go to your local farm and give the farmer a secret handshake; 1 shake, 1 fiddle, 1 tickle and 1 trickle - stick your finger in their mouth and swish it around for approximately 6 seconds and look longingly into their eyes at what could of been. All eggs should cost around $6.99 each (mayo chickens are hard to keep, they lounge around all day and don't pay rent). Watch out because some farmers can scam you, I recently bought a dozen mayo eggs from my local farmer and I paid around $120 for the lot without knowing how much they are really worth.
I don't care 
Come cook at my house nowww



Ps.please make my science stop motion video for me too
I am not asking for a heart but don’t totally give me a heart
Totally
Wow! You actually read your cpmments, you deserve more subscribers!
HECK YES I LOVE THESE VIDEOS❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Man those first few seconds were like taking ASMR to a whole new level of NOPE NOPE NOPE.

On a recipe note, as a non-American, while the general use of lots of mayonnaise in US dips concerns me, warm mayo sounds like a new kind of nightmare.

Great work, keep it up!
MAKE MORE KETO COOKING VIDEOS THIS WAS SO GREAT
Wearing that yellow belt you won't be challenged about 1 in 10 times
Gotta love a mayo pod for breakfast.
I dont want a heart, I want your love.
I have waited so long.
<3?
You have nice legs
Are the hearts new? Can I have one?
Haha a leaky leek
I'm just here for the dip
New vid 😁
that leak was leaking
1 month ago?? How did I miss this?
graceful alpha walk LOL
Where was Greg?
Sometimes I just wonder if he's... okay
I’m late too, but I missed you. 




Edit: OH SO I DON’T GET A HEART, BUT ALL THESE OTHER PEOPLE DO HUH. I SEE HOW IT IS.
80 people actually thought they were going to learn how to make artichoke dip.
I’ve got the same TV. 
Also, this is a great channel.
I always think to myself 
'What's taking him so long to upload'
Then I see the video and realize it was worth the wait lol the amount of effort is staggering! Good shit man!
I SEE A CROWBAR. HALF LIFE 3 CONFIRMED
This video made my day❤❤
I don't know why I love your videos but I just do.
WOOO GO SPORTBALL TEAM YEAAHHH
WHERES THE REST OF THE EGG SERIES??? THE CLIFFHANGER!!!
High five, money tree! GO TEAM USAC!
I, too, consider artichoke dip to be sports themed
cooking-chan uploaded!!!
WHO THE HELL HAS BEEN RUNNING THIS ACCOUNT I LOVE YOU PLS REVEAL YOURSELF
Jesus dude, clean your floor. Lol
better than gordon ramsay
Keto!!!!
I am late I apologize.
Yay!
Excuse me ill let you be the alpha if you give me a heart.
I like the song at the end. I’m a well rounded human being. I read books and watch sports. (Give me a heart!)
I like the way you cook things,
Oh boy I sure do like watching that one team play some sportsball.
that alpha bit seemed like something jim would make to prank dwight
I just got some wind down time after a long day and this is JUST the thing I needed. I needed some silliness to de-stress
The heels added a nice touch
I'm 10 hours late but I'm just happy I made it
Fr tho can you sell those shirts
You are endlessly entertaining
Stop being a jack wagon
Stop being a jack wagon
Peeerrrrrfffeeeect
How to be an alpha man
I want s heart wth
SPORTS
love it
tsk you forgot to pee on them to show dominance
I’m like 30 years late but hello
I hate you for the First 5 seconds
One hundo percent accurate my dude, others will respect you as their alpha, A+
I wasn't trying to be rude ❤💙💚💛💜💓👍
Gud jub u did a gud congregulation.
I appreciate the step-by-step emotional guidance chart. Cleared a lot of things up for me, and helped me become a better more empathetic individual towards
“Highfive, high-five, high-five, high-five” 😂
IM SO LATE 🤭

Pepperpepperpepper
I don’t need the heart thank you very much
HE WORKS HEALS BETTER THEN MEEEE
Yasssssss new episode
You’re good at cooking yeah you’re totally cool
What took you so long
I’m like 2937739292 hours late but I want a like
whats your name are you Danel mullens cusent
if your only 7’2
Union
why are you hearting all these comments?
I’m waiting for spring..
Are we just going to pretend the leek wasn't leaking then?
I like you
Knifesketball. I want one.
This video is actually sadder than the ending of Infinity War
Director, Voice artist, Stop motion genius, Musician, singer, song writer, video editor, comedian,
oh yeah, and he’s also a cook


Honestly, whats not to like about this guy?
Imagine watching this blind...
cries while choking on gingerbread dough
Looks like he finally wangjangled his way to #1 on Trending.
"I want to gooo-"
dies

Man I never went from laughing hard to feeling sad so quickly hahaha
The story of Pimblokto legit had me sad until you started eating the ginger bread. How? How could you leave him out in the cold? YOU ARE A MOSTE... Mmmmm, this gingerbread is pretty good. Wait, what was I saying?
This low-key made me cry
WHY THE HELL AM I CRYING OVER SOME RANDOM HOW TO BASIC AND SOME PINBLOCKDOUGH THING???
i just wanted to know how to make gingerbread cookies, not have a existential crisis
this is genuinely sad man like, I came for gingerbread not depression
Ungo On Three Fungo
I once ate a molasses cookie and it tasted like fruit cake then i almost fell right asleep in class
This is incredible! Your ability to create emotional storylines over stupid concepts is beautiful! You are extremely talented!
"Oh, Christmas Dove, I could never punch y-AUUUUUH"
Why did this make me cry?
1 like 1 prayer for pinblocdoe
bruh I cried god dammit Ysac the feels
you're like HowToBasic but in a professional way
I'm actually crying with the Pimblockto stuff wtf!?!?!? (I need a girlfriend :P)
I crie :(( Why are your videos so good
Sadnes start's at 3:54
everyone is sad bout pimblokto…



honestly i think im the only one who feels bad for devon
Did I just get the feels for a robot with spatula feet and grabber arms? 

Bravo 👏🏼
this is how all tv cooking shows should be
I almost cried at the end bruh that was sad 😢 Pinblockto 😭
Top 10 Best Animae Betrayals
...
Number 1, pimblokdo
Xmas time

Wow






How sad
Pimblokto phone home.
oh wow gingerbread hammer
me:*pulls out a gingerbread sickle* CoMNuniSM
hey let's build a fort

turns on PS4
What is despatulizing the side means😂😂😂
Sadder then titanic(ಥ﹏ಥ)(;´༎ຶД༎ຶ`)
Thank you for bringing humor and good recipes to an otherwise shitty year. Here's to you!
Pinblockdough 😭😭
im not crying..YOUR CRYING
As a wise man once said "vroom vroom grrr grrr"
Sooooo,,,we're not gonna talk about the fact that he actually cooks REALLY WELL?
How’s pimblokdo? It’s summer now.... he... should be thawed out by now...  please! TELL ME HES OKAY!
Did I really just get all emotional?
I got hurt in the feels bye a cooking show
i followed the tutorial and gave it to my class  ....I was suspended
Why was pimblokdo so sad? Until they started eatin gracie gingerbread. It got me emotional

Top 10 anime deaths number 1
Ok, now I'm binge watching...... Apparently, this is the cooking show I have been looking for.
I thought this was You Suck At  Cooking not a try not to cry challenge
It made me cry... i liked this bc this is an emotional crazy cooking video... REEE.
Leave a like if you cried
I'm so confused, do I cry or laughhh? I'm doing both i think
So sad 😭 like if u agree
R.I.P Pimblockto
cant believe there is lore in this cooking show
Came here for a cooking tutorial, ended up getting kicked in the feels.
Pimblokto dies in the fort that they built as a child……


Damn that's harsh, how'd you so good at making sad stories
I would turn gay for this man
I’M STRAIGHT UP CRYING HOW COULD YOU DO THIS
I've come for gingerbread.
Got punched in the feels.
Top 10 saddest anime death
Gingerbread Slender-Man? Nah man that’s Groot in disguise
“Oh look a gingerbread hammer, yes please I appreciate hard work “

I can’t be the only one that noticed the communist joke,   right?
1:42 I just make that drink IRL the effect is

1.punch everything
2.fall asleep
3.amnesia what are you doing when you drink until fall asleep
4.become genius
4.
I'm here for the Pimblockto subplot
Oh my god...




He is How To Basic
Road tar. Ha!  It's not worth the work of that heavy dough. Just buy ginger snaps.
A bowl of regret. I love that.
This just made my heart cry.
4:34
6:37
i srly cried when he died and still am............ you make amazing vidios and i hope you can get more out so we can hear you agian see you soon bud
To be honest I'm crying
0:27
I just had flashbacks to when I was 6 and ate an entire jar of molasses...I was so sick, I threw up so violently I tore my lung and spent 2 weeks in the hospital😂
Top ten saddest anime deaths
number 1
P U M B L O C K T O
A MECHANICAL WANGJANGLER  UR KIDDING
A NEOLITHIC WANGJANGLER AHHHH
He better come back I cried over two spatulas and pvc pipe
Stumbled upon this while having rough day in class. Proceeded to get kicked out of class for laughing. Love it.
5:00
You suck at cooking predicted the future
The whole volume of my stomach literarly hit the screen then it all came back at the end
Coming to a movie theater near you...
Man meets robot
One must find his life friend
What will happen next when man finds his friend
Came for the cooking
Got murdered by the feelings
Roses are red
Violets are blue
I cried during this video
and you know you did too
Watching this the day the opportunity rover died makes me even sadder :(
"A clumpy bowl of regret"


Sounds like my life
Oh god my heart. This deserves an oscar
The possibility that this video took longer than a day to prepare really worries me.
NOOOOOOOO COMBLOCKTO btw my way is correct for thou art wrong
What's a wang jangler😂
Cooking teacher: so where do you plan on going in life?

Me:
Sometimes I just wonder if you are a cinematography student who likes cooking and makes stupid videos to practice
I actually cryed about the robot.
Low key felt like crying at the pimblokto part😭😭😭😭  I love these videos.
top 10 legendary anime characters
Number 1:pimpblockto
that went from 0-100 real quick
Where do I get faceless eggs? My local grocery store only has the ones with the faces on them.
Near the end it mad me sooooooo upset 😢
I wasn't expecting to cry when I clicked the video. The childhood flashback got me.
I know how to cook but I still love this so much. 
(I heard that a shot of booze actually does help with colds since it thins the blood and helps flush out the virus)
Wow this episode was so emotional, like if you cried.
Pimblokto:uhhhhhh I’m dying.....
Ysac:NO PIMBLOKTO
pinblokto:*dies*
Ysac: nuuuuuuu
Pimblokto: ITS JUST A PRANK BRO
Was gonna make a top 10 saddest anime moments post, but I actually cried
Damn was here for gingerbread cookies but leaving with a new recipe for depression and unstoppable tears 😂😂😭
That ending was anticlimactic
Hidden message: I want to go home.
This is my favourite video on YouTube because there’s a wang jangler
Cylindrical compression tube
I really like your channel, discount HowToBasic
This series actually made me sad about a faceless robot.
Congrats my good sir.
its 2019 any news about pinblokdo
pls
First halfwas ginger bread , second half was pure emotions
Dose anyone realize that that fort in the woods probably took ages to build
this actually made me cry curse you bastard and I love you you make me appreciate life
Wow thanks for the depression
How to basic v2
Origins
Does gingerbread have spatula feet? 
Tune in next time to find out!
The Ending of this Emotional Movie was kinda Whack
Intro?

You such at cook, yeah you totally suck.
woah this is like, quality content. :)
Top 10 Saddest Anime Deaths
Man I felt that shit....rip pinblockdough
I'M NOT CRYING! 
YOUR CRYING!
Definitely enjoy this more than How To Basic. :)
And the Oscar goes to....
Rip Pimblokto 1650, 2017
why did I find 'cylindrical compression tube' so funny? 😂
Why am I crying!?!😢🤨🥺
first seeing this channel, i thought this whas an video with people that succes at cooking 💁🏻‍♂️
Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas/Hanukkah/Ramadan/Diwali/Yule/Malkh/Festivus/Hogswatch/Dia de los muertos/Halloween/Bodhi Day/Atheism/Lent/Generally Fun Time Good Time and hope you all have a great rest of your year!  <3
im always drunk when i watch your videos wand i m convincedc youre alaways drunk when you make these
Top 10 Saddest Anime Deaths
RIP Pimblacto, forever in our hearts.
RIP pimblockto😭😭😭❤️
Mom: Why are you crying so loud?
Me:
The correct title; "Finding Pimblockto"
wtf 
came for gingerbread
got punched in the feels
DAD; why you crying so damn loud
this is by far my favorite video of yours LOLOL! <3
"This stuff is as slow as thick water". that killed me XD
I'm not crying over some spatulas and litter grabbers. Your crying!
I actually saw me and My parents cry when the pimblokto moment happened
Came to see how you made gingerbread 
Left with a bruise from being punched in the feels
Rip Pimblokto. You were the best of the best. Why is it that the good always die young?
I actually got emotional when you started looking for Pimblokto
when you made the drink and drank it with the whiskey in it 
Me: You were saying?
I came for ginger bread


Instead I got a ocean of tears
This is a cooking channel, how dare you make me feel!?!?!
"Leave them in there for 24 hours and hopefully you'll get lucky." I relate to this in 3 dimensions
Neolithic wang jangler. 




Ok.
... I am dissapointed... But I still watched the whole thing...🤦🏼‍♀️
Is it a problem that I was genuinely sad from the Pimblakto sequence?
I literally got a two minute audio of me laughing while crying because of this..
What the heck this actually made me cry
This got to emotional I had to stop watching
Idk why but I always thought Devon was a girl
“You can put in poison it won’t taste good though” 

- You Suck At Cooking 2017
1:22 time for Maxi-muses life hacks right electric whisk just hold it over the bowl as it spins
Should we start a gofundme for Pimblockto's funeral?
I laughed, I cried, now I pray to the sun for summer and wait...
Lmao I’ve never laugh so hard in a YouTube video before 😂🤣
I'm not crying... your crying.
Why did you have to do it to em, man
Introducing the new Netflix series 

Pimblokto
This made me cry 😢😭😭 bff
JACKET SLEVE REVEAL 6:30
Thank you for giving me emotion!!
IM NOT CRYING YOU ARE
Imagine you're waiting for your train and you just see an adult holding some kitchen utensils onto the rails while a kid is running away from him.
still sadder than Tony Stark's death
When pimblockto died I actually cried 😂😂😭😭😭🤧
this is a classic and always will be
I am almost 200% sure this is some kind of satanic worshipping I’m not aware of, but I love it
WHY DO I HAVE SO MANY EMOTIONS FOR THIS ROBOT
I just used your recipe with cumin and baked them for 8:50 and it worked perfectly!
Pimblokto ;-;
3:07
I have become, the gingerbread.
It looks like the creature from apex legends in the sea
Top ten saddest anime deaths
Top 10 saddest anime deaths
Is that the 9 tail fox
this is such a good story about friendship....this made my day
HE NEED SOME MILK
“A lumpy bowl of regret”
I didn’t know I was in this video
PinBlockDough
he's went home now...god pimblokto's story hit me so hard in the feels
Electric wang-jangler. I got looks from people sitting near me as I laughed. Oops. Great selection of gingerbread shapes at the end and I appreciate the soap opera finish.
Your terminology has my crying laughing 😂
#PrayForPimblokto
His kids are going to be eating like royalty.
Wow..this was a rollercoaster of feelings, I laughed, I got hungry and then I cried
legit pimblokdo story arc had me torn up fr real
why do you remind me of Tina from bobs burgers??? 🤯🤯
This was so emotional
When a cooking tutorial makes you almost cry
That "ghost" kind of looks like the genie from Aladdin but with boxing gloves.
Leave pinblokdo alone how rude
P I M B L O C K T O

The legend who died an early death...
You very much sound like Tina from Bob's Burgers
How dare you be so good at making things emotional ahdhajkdldk
He kinda sounds like James form the odd1sout
Does anyone know what Pimblockto is saying when dude can't understand him.  It's in reverse
wait a second where is the intro
Oh yes the cylindrical compression tube my favorite
Can you imagine this being someone's first video and they hear the term "faceless egg" because that almost caught me off guard, and I love these vids!
Me: ANYONE ELSE CRY?

Random Person: shut up you baby

Random Person: nvm just cried
I just cried. Oh Pimblakto.
I came here hoping to be better at making gingerbread cookies and I ended up getting ready for another therapy session.
I really love how much effort and quality is put into these videos. Like think for a moment how long it takes to make stuff like this, every scene
Jesus Christ the thumbnail tho
Ok, but why am I actually crying though?
"I'm hungry." "That's confusing :)"
1 Like = 1 prayer for Pinblocto
who cares about a bowl of regret my life was worse


:(
Rip pinblockdow
this cures my seasonal depression 
thank you for existing and i hope you have a happy new year
The amount of work and effort this guy puts into these videos is amazing, truly a god.
Go dammit, a joke robot skit made me emotional
I thought he was going to make a Soviet Russia joke when he made the hammer
(sniff) PINBLOCKTO WHY
Thank you youtube for recommending this hidden treasure
Love me some wanglitude
how did it go from making cookies to a emotional story.?
no intro sequence
I got a cooking add right When this vid started😂😂
Go get that bot 😢
This got emotional REALLY fast😕
Felt like a movie....lol
Piblokto has returned to the great Inuit spirits or the north. Perhaps you should add some Vitamin D and calcium to the gingerbread recipe.
Sticks to the wangjangler. U have to pry it out. Not worth it. A glumpy gob of regret. Yeah. The hot toddy was a good thing.
Mean to your buddy's! For shame .
The movie was goOod tho!
I miss pimblockto :(
You made me cry so hard😭😢
......Biiiiiiiiiitch, you trendin'!
this is the channel i didnt know i needed in my life . subscribed (:
who knew this would make me cry 😊
"Best new tragic love story" "Epic story" "Leaves you with feels for weeks" "Forbidden love in the trues sense"
Pimblokto, the love story. In Cinemas this Christmas.
Wacky magic mechanical wangjangler
“#1 on trending” YouTube now has noticed good content :)
This was uploaded on my birthday
I legit teared up at this...
Pimblocto ❤️❤️❤️
The Pimblokto scene made me wee out my eyes?!
That flashback killed me
Is it bad that pin blocked Oh leaving made me cry a little
This is so emotional omg
Rip Bemblocktoe 2000-2018
Top ten saddest anime deaths 6:20
how you make me cry with some plastic grabbers and a pair of spatulas
This is more sadder than the movie I watched in cinemas but when you said that I'm already triggered right now
Did the gingerbread man on the thumbnail pass through the Amigara fault?
why am i crying...wtf
People, look at the quality settings, this dude has a 2160 Camera?!? HOW???
#1 on trending, probably because of the feels. JESUS I wanna cry.
gingerbread ghost looks like a genie drinking beer and slender man looks like squidward with 2 legs and an enthusiastic personality
The end made me cry 😭 poor pimblokto
How can i have missed this channel, it's pure goooold!
Aside from the array of feelings this provoked, mad props on making the Pimblokto box opening looks so real. You even twist-tied his arms in the box! For a scene that was no more than a few seconds! Your attention to detail is unparalleled and definitely not taken for granted. Happy 2019 YSAC!
Skrew you for making me cry with a couple of plastic pinchers
Such a heart breaking story :(
I came for laughs
Not for cries
Rewatching since you don't upload enough
I'll have a gingerbread human centipede please
dammm my heart broke
i love happy endings 
:D
Saddest thing EVA 😢😭😢😢
I demand a crossover with Commentiquette's robot character
Right in the feels 😢
Lol I actually feel kinda sad about that robot 😂
I was waiting for him to add half a spoon
Did he thaw? Is he alive? :,(
THAT HONEY IS FAKE HONEY JUST FOR LOOKING AT IT MY DIGESTIVE SYTEM IS SEGREGATING  ACID THREE TIMES AS FASTER THAN IT SHOULD
SAME WITH THAT LEMON JUICE HHHH
Gingerbread looks like two people combined and there kissing.
i legit started to cry when that Pimblokto part came.. 


me and my poor heart
this is so sad

can we get 5 likes
nOt pImbLocTo
i... i think that’s how you spell it...
youre so weird. i love you.
I haven't had such a good time in the past week 😂
It's only for guests Devin!
why am i crying in the club rn?
Just charge him
I came for meals not feels
This is like a friend how to basic
Haven’t cried like that since Marley and me
I am from the future never forget how you love so never forget pimblokto like he did
I cried 😭 10/10
We need to revive the “still a better love story than twilight” meme for this.
Masterpiece 👌⭐
R.i.p PIMBLOCKTOW
THE COMBLOCTO FLASH BACKS OH GOD
quit it you're making me feel feelings
Quality acting and storyline I cried 10/10
professional wangjangler.
This is so sad Alexa can we reach 1 million likes
Pimblockto face revival!
24, I was making gingerbread houses and my brother ate all the decorations... :(
"I'm going to cut it myself. The way jesus would have done it." Omg ded 😂😂
Dude you need to upgrade your wang jangler
After watching all the Pimblokdo videos, this one made me tear up
I low-key actually cried 😭😭😭 💔💔💔
R.I.P pimblockto
Gosh darnet! now I'm crying over a fake robot!!!!
I like your custom made shapes. You went above and beyond my expectations.
I wanted to watch a person make cookies. not give me feels
Top 10 Anime Redemption Stories
This thumbnail 😂😂😂😂
PINBLOCKTO! Noooooo!!!!!!
Sadness. May god bless blocktoss heart
:D
This was made on my b day
I cried.
The end is emotional it made me cry.
How is this number 2 on trending it should be number 1
*cylindrical compression tube
A clumpy bowl of regret
I am going to be honest I cried
Cylindrical compression Tube
Pimblokto 

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Top 10: Sadness anime moments
HE'S BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH
3:07 that looks like a S.C.P.
If i did this i would probably end up with a bowl of regret
PIMBLOCKTO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO love him forever ♾ R.I.P.
Vroom vroom
Grrrrrrrr
Robby sent me ( he said to in a old vid can't remember either
I came here to cook, not to cry




 i love you
it is too late
Came for gingerbread
Left crying
Lik if u cri everytim 😢
"Cylindrical compression tube" The names you create. YOU MAKE THEM MORE DIFFICULT THAN THEY NEED TO BEEEEEEEE. XD
That pimblockto part was sad af :(
1:55 "HowtoBasic" reference
Rip Christmas dove
I came here for gingerbread cookies and now I am having these feels about Pimblokdo why man
Ok so I'm crying over 2 plastic grapplers, 2 plastic tubes and 2 spatulas... welp
Greatest anime deaths
No pimblacto or however u spell
That ending is actually sad
Oh wow this is really sad im teary
I swear im crying. 😭
I am watching a cooking tutorial I DIDNT ASK TO CRY.
Wtf i fokin cried
It's been one year since this has been made. Time flies.
I was NOT expecting to cry at this food video
Pro tip: Remove the timing belt from your car, attached a larger timing belt to your wang jangler and engine and you will at least double your wang janglin' power
That loaf of gingerbread belongs in a museum
Am i the only one who laughed at the robot skit? I have no soul
EVERYTHING HE SAYS IS SO SERIOUS I DONT KNOW IF HE CALLS THINGS THE ACTUAL NAMES help
Top 10 anime deaths
This is the smartest channel idea I have ever seen
this is the first video i’ve seen of his and all i can say is what the hell did i just watch?
I actually cried T~`
My battery is low and it is getting dark
Award winning acting give this man an Oscar
I can feel the emotion in the ending omg why is this so sad
The pimblokto story made me cry 😭
Pimblokto
Coming this December
Imma cry in a corner now
This is sad. Alexa, play despacito.
I knew that was a dog/unicorn/nightmare/dinosaur
WHY DID THIS GIVE ME FEELS.... for a short moment. My heart will thaw in Spring.
Do you know the muffin man?
Top 10 saddest anime deaths
That montage had me bawling
w h y   a m   i   c r y i n g
the saddest anime death
“This stuff is as slow as thick water” 😂
Go to him! Save your friend And make amends!
wow you are so mean to devan,I love it.
You reached my heart
why am I crying..
I love when he says Waynejaingle
R.I.P Pimblokto. Gone and probably forgotten in the garage.
Did how to basics make another channel???
Spongebob is going to be pissed when he finds out you stole his spatulas.
I don't like cooking BUT i like watching thise videos :D
You're hysterical
Why not just give him a energy ball?
0:12 Sounds  a bit like Mettaton EX..
Hey man, haven’t seen ya around in a while. How’re you doin? Pimblokto doin alright?
I actually cried someone get me tissues and ice cream
Ok I know that a Plimblokdo story is coming up and it's gonna be super emotional and stuff. But first I just have to say that I lost it at gingerbread human centipede!
ok but am i the only one who thought young YSAC sounds suspiciously a lot like Lucas the Spider???
PIMBLOCTO!!! NOOOOOOO!!
10 saddest moments in anime
Pinblockto needs his own movie
1:55

This are totally HTB sounds.
the ysac anime is the baku anime's arch rival
“Put this stuff in the sink for 24 hours and see if you get lucky”
i actually cried
Pimblokto  scene was actually kinda sad
Put it in the sink for 24 hours..works every time
How did I cry to some grabbers and some spatulas?
All this time I thought  Pimblocto was walking the streets in North Hollywood.  Great video!
I beat up roboto when I drank the fighting drink
When you get sad for two clipper-claws with a spatchula
I cried well watching this
Never thought that  a gingerbread tatorial could become so emotional.
WHAT THE HELL I AM CRYING WTF IS THIS MAGIC?
Pulls at my heartstrings every time  hahahah
Stop that i rlly got upset
Your videos provide more lore than some would think.
well that escalated quickly
totally a hammer and not a palm tree
Pimblokto don't feel so gud
Zombie Chef=new subscriber. watches vid “well.....I have crippling depression, especially since I watched a depressing movie too.....”
I lost it when he went “vroom vroom” “grr grr”
* A G A L L O N O F H O L Y W A T E R*
I wasn’t expecting to feel something while watching a how to bake gingerbread video...
”Wangjangler”



And did anybody think he sounded like howtobasic when he was yelling?
penblocto storyline is amazing
4:50 why am I crying in the club rn
The end bit was honestly sad
I still hate you because you dumped pim blockto and he was the person who was drawing a picture of you and him.😢
This is my thought process as I cook besides all the pimblokto stuff
Why am I sad right now
Update: I’m still sad
The robot thing is so extra I freaking love it
I'm sorry i haven't catched out to your latest videos! I was a huge fan when you first started out. I am sooo happy you have made more Pimblokto featured videos since Grilled cheese is still one of my favourite episodes! Loved that story!
Why is pinblokto giving me so many emotions wtf
Top 10 saddest anime deaths
anyone know the song? shazam doesn't recognize it.... It's such a beautiful song!
Face reveal
Neolithic Wangjangler 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
If I don't see that GODDAMN ROBOT next episode I'm unsubscribing.
WHERE'S THE THEME SONG???!!
so amazingly weird lmfao
new and ool
YOU CAN’T BRING HIM BACK AND TAKE HIM AWAY ALL AT ONCE MY GUY
alternate version of cooking of howtobasic
2:38 USSR Anthem starts playing
You made me cry 😂😥😢
The ghost looks like a genie drinking out of a pot
Rip pimblokto 1278 - 2017
 Nobody could spell his name
:tear:
My heart is crying but I can't cry UHHHH
Youre videos are the best keep it up
Stop pulling on my heartstrings :(
On the last video I wrote that the "undoh on 5 hundoh" was the greatest rhyme ever created. I stand corrected. "Ungoh on 3 fungoh" wins.
PINBLOCTOE
OMG I just can’t tell which ones YOU made or which ones that where from the cookie cutter( ya know, I think the cookie cutter has more experience than you do on cooking and cutting out shapes
5:00 How Fortnite became XD.
My heart is broken, thanks
Did you try turning pimblato off and on?
My heart is broken, thanks
This channel is like a combination of how to basic, AvE, and Sam O’nella
Why am I crying over 2 plastic arms...
I think it's his brothers as cast. The folks must be proud. The little one was great.
Came here to learn cooking. Not to feel...
This is amazing
Yo, this actually made me cry
A Short clip with so much emotions
You hit 1,000,000 subs 
Very nice 😏
I came for the laughs
I got the feels
Why is YSAC so mean First pimblockto now Devon
what a ride.  now i'm sad.  and i want gingerbread.  ok.
genius
'neolithic wangjangler' is the name of my mongolian throat singing trio
I cried during the robot part
I literally cried
BEST ENDING EVER I CRIED
brought tears to my eyes
Well this escalated quickly....





But it was awesome
R.I.P 😢😢pimblockdo~he will be missed in our onions on 4 hundo
Gingerbread human centipede looks amazing
This was so emotional
Voted for “Best Christmas Miracle Movie” in the World!
I'm legit crying that was so sad
How did you make Pimblokto's footprints in the snow?
I love me some ROAD TAR COOKIES
This is better than Gordon Ramsey 👍
Wangjangler that’s a new one.
This definitely deserves 1st trending
did he split up with his wife or something??
Does Devin (Devon?) have a talking dog?
Who else almost cried 😭
why did he need to do that?? im crying ;-;
Keep in mind you only need minimum wanglitude to get this together.
Did not expect to get emotional in a YSAC video
I cried 😭
PIMBLOKTO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
6:36
top ten saddest anime endings
What??????😐😑
an electric wang-jangler 😂😂😂😂
Rename your channel to HowToAdvanced
Why is this so sad...
Congratulations on beating Kendrick Lamar
RIP curiosity.
I actually cried at 4:34
Bowl falls over 
HEY
robby send me here
Oh god, I’m so ready to watch this, here are some questions: is that a new cutting board? How did you get faceless eggs? How’s life? Ok I’m done, WAIT NO IM NOT.... IS THAT A NEW HOUSE?
this is the best thing ive ever seen
He's hungry for a charge
Okay this actually made me sad.
How do you get a child to star in ur EPs?
1 like = 1 cri for pinblokto
yo im supposed to be working, but the human centipede part made me die and im laughing out loud. ha ha there goes the hopes of working
This is so sad 1 like = 1 respect
Legit made me cry
The end with robocto made me sad
Wow, I came here for ginger bread not tears!
Where’s the gingerbread sickle?
This is so sad, Alexa play despacito
Pinblockto!!!!!
Was I the only one crying at the end 😔 😔 😔
#1 movie in America
Feels....
Tis the season... to promote this video, or do something like.... egg nog? (With cumin, of course)
Only he could make an emotional scene about pinblockto
This is amazing
I watched you 2 years ago and then stop watching you then i found you again on trending with 1 mil subs. Congrats you deserve it
What did pimblokto say when he was mumbling
Idk what this is but i like it i cant stop watching him omg 😂😂
PERHAPS I CRIED
It's three am and I'm an emotional wreak now thanks to you
You broke my feels meter
Really thought I was getting a face reveal
I cri everytim
Right in the feels
Saddest anime deaths
MY HEART ;-;
This actually made me cry...
This is where real men cry
Pimpblacko is the opmedy of an Phone
came for the food stayed for the feels
thank. you.
wang jangler
4:35-6:38 sad
Truely a masterpiece
1 mil sub's bound

Edit: we hit it
Is it crazy to say I got chills from this.
I'm crying literally
wanglitude
I beat some egg,, and i used my tears to salts it
came here to cook not to feel :(
This was wild from start to end
Electric Wang Jangler
A best seller 5 star movie. Pimblockdo and Gingerbread
Can you just eat the dough raw?
C l u m p y   b o w l   o f   r e g r e t
He just wanted to make the pizza for you
Im so confused by the ending
Neolithic wanjangler
please fix Pimblokto and bring him back!!!
Will an unbroken bowl still work? I'm afraid that's all I have
This is the saddest thing i’ve ever seen
The end made me cry.
This actually mad eme cry wtf...
I’m a sensitive kid so I cried about that dude robot guy
I must be very emotional today because for one I just stumbled upon this channel and almost cried when he went searching off for his robot friend.
I don't even know how to spell the robot's name.
pin block dough
Ah man the feels
Were do u buy the WangJangler
Rip pinblockto
“Come on electric wangjangler! I know you have it in you!” ~This guy 2017
It's almost been a year YSAC where is he!?!?!
Love the ending
This actually made me cry
How much is the Wang Jangler
last time i was here you had a british accent
wanglitude
What centaur has a tail like that? That's a goddamned andalite.
PIMBLOKTO!! NOOOOOOOOOO
I wonder what would happen if you actually did this 😂
You are a fraud!! You used a clean oven! The real YSAC would never do this! Disliked, unsubbed. Lol
“ got the ungo on three fungo “ 😂
I almost cried legit
Reboot In Pieces Pinblockdo
Why did a cooking channel get so deep ?
Saddest anime deaths of 2017
This is so sad alexa play despacito
so inspirational! 😢😭
Thumbnail looks like that monster from The Ritual
This is emotional
RIP pimblokto😢
u left him out for likke a year
Pin blocko
02:00 I have the same pillow lol
I used the recipe that you used in this video and it actually made some really good gingerbread. Rip Pinblockto.
please bring pimblockto back :(
Top ten saddest anime deaths
liek dis video if u cry every tim
2:11 I got goosebumps
The production and filmography is amazing.
I’m cry 😢 pls stop cutting onions mom!
The feels man
This is sad 




Until the end 😑
C'mon electric wang jangler
That robot bit really made me tear up tho :’(
How about you fix it \ buy a new one
I’ve only watch two videos of yours and you’ve already made me cry
This is art
Imagine you’re in the woods and you hear a guy screaming “PIMBLOKTO”
All seriousness aside, that fort was absolutely dope
R.i.p penblockto
Why am I crying😭😭😭
Just wanted to make cookies but ended up crying into a bowl of dough
Oh my belly hurts. 😂
I never thought to duct tape my mixing bowl down. Genius.
R.I.P
Realistic quarter
I DIDN'T COME HERE FOR FEELS
Yeah this is funny, I'm subscribing
Damn that's a nice fort
Where do you live Canada
I nearly cried
That was actually so sad 😭
“Cylindrical compression tube” that’s gonna be my new insult
Disney offered a job to the person who made this
IM NOT CRYING YOUR CRYING 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😢😢😩😫😤........
Just a tip if you need to measure our honey, golden syrup, or anything sticky, just oil the measuring device first and then it’ll all just slide right off
I started crying
3:09 durr Durr durr
I came here to learn how to cook but instead I got the a beautiful story about friendship? (Im crying because it was amazing)
Why did this make me feel emotional??? I just want to know how bad I am at cooking??
SOOOOOOOOOOOO DEPRESSING
These always get so surreal towards the end
This is so sad. Can we hit 10k like
Damn, the pinblokto storyline is way more deep than I would have thought
this is so sad
This is my last liked episode, this is not what your chanel is about.
4:42 through 5:10 made me cri
Pimblockto 😢
Is it a problem if I put 2 bottles of whiskey in the bread instead of the drink?
3:17 is that... SCP 939?!  O.o
1 lik if u cri evrytim
Literally how to basic in this episode
A cinematic masterpiece
Ok 250k in 11 hours #1 on trending??????
Vroom vroom grrrr
How can you depress me with a imaginary Robot
”Now, put this stuff in the sink for 24 hours and see if you get lucky!” LMAO
The vocabulary just makes sense
Congrats on #1 on trending
Who cut onions i thought we were making ginger bread?
10/10 sadest video ever
Baddest recipe ever lol
i love this
Should have made a sickle to go with the hammer
I cried from laughing
Why did it all of a sudden hit me in the feels
Am i the one who is actually sad about pimblokto
brought a tear to my eye...or maybe that was a glass shard..I might need to see a doctor. Are tears supposed to be red and blind you in one eye? merry christmagiving stuff..
Damn it these tears won't let me watch this.
Electric wang jangler
w a n g j a n g l i n g
This is depressing
Where’s the intro?
I'm crying
In the thumbnail I thought that it was a mutated cow. But I also suck at cooking! :)
This guy is hilarious omg
We don't suck at cooking you do
I hate people that say they're in the notification squad. 

Notification squad tho 👌
I don’t know why I almost cried??!
This episode almost took me on the brink of crying because of how sad the story is and every time I rewatch the scene it’s so hard not to cry
Alexa play Despacito
NO!!!!!!!!!!!
This is beautiful
3:23 this just made my whole night
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
3:17 ДРУГ
This ligit made me sad lol
Shit, I'm actually crying.
This got real sad real fast and then not
Almost made me cry
You forgot the sickle.
I'm not crying ok
I actually almost cried
I built a friend with three pieces of plastic and a pen
I made him on the table in the den
I gave him my old cell phone for a head, for a head
And we spent holidays at my house
And we left presents in a stocking
And we bought bolts and things and strings
And a new watch, that's what he got
poor Devon
I see pimblockdo has some fancy dancy wangjagglers as his feet! w
Rip pinblocktow
Rest in Peace pimblocto you will be missed... until spring... mabye
WE WILL MISS PIMBLOKTO!
Its so sad the thing about pimblocto XD
PIMBLOKTO!!!
WHY DID I CRY
Gingerbread human centipede o_o
4:35 I thought they were the mini plastic hands
I actually got emotional
Saddest anime moments
YSAC is HowToBasic?
thanks for a great 2017 of food and sexy video. Looking forward to 2018 egg story.
Hey! that got me lmao
Binging with babish parody?
This was such a emotional episode
You got overboard.
"you can also put in cumin, won't taste good though"
Well that got depressing fast
I legit cried
this made me cry
