This is some nice meme material.
What's he gonna do about all the ladders in mexico?
This is just a 24 minuet word salad. The president has dementia.
Amazing I never thought it would happen. Trump is the BEST
WE ALSO NEED A BORDER WALL WITH CANADA!!!
Listen bbc,trump is best.englis cant be like tramp.englis is  very weak 😅😅😅😅
"Step up" Mr. Trump!!!
God, or someone, help us all. Please. If 'walls work' so well, could one be built around him?
22:15 - 22:45 WTF?!?! 🤣
Congratulations USA, the first step towards a dictatorship!
WW3 needed quick for more jobs and more space 🤣
Put automatic machine guns on the border (and warnings)
Build a wall on Canada too
.5 playback speed. 
Hahahahahahaha. 
Li D Australia
Stable genius, folks.  The USA has the best of everything.  Our idiotic and incompetent politicians are #1.  Boo-yeah!
This AH is Fricking "NUTS"!!!!
The criminals have been here for hundreds of years 
The extra is just cleaning house
This Chump Is Guilty Of The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
Every time he say China, it feels funny.
10 seconds into the video




China!
You can climb over a wall. True.


You can’t drive through it:
you are doing amazing sweetie ❤️❤️❤️
If your worried about the drug problem STOP the CATCH and release program when you catch offenders!!
You got my full support, Mr. President
I listen to this video for his accent 😂😂
My god,  Trump has literally stepped off the deep end.  I doubt he even knew where he was.
"....but I proved it....  I proved it with the STRAWBERRIES !"
I love BBC so much if I where to continue my education I will to become a journalist to work as staffed  because I due admired the presenters more especially on focus on Africa's thanks I loved all the staffed of BBC
trump signs a bill to stop an emergency then declares an emergency due to signing the bill,
he couldn’t run a bath
Lmao at the NPC crowd in the comments section
U need the military Sir on the southern borders . 
Invasion ? This word don't especially suit to USA .
Haven’t seen a GangMonster so I guess, good job??? 
Sad to see what happens to the 🧠 when you get old.
BBC is good, I like Hannity more. Love Trump.
Of course the Israelis would say their wall works when they open fire on those beyond it
golden prairies of the USA. Pm. Bloody  well 👉 as in rights. "p/n/m."
The so called emergency was 20th on the list of things he talked about! Doesn’t make it feel like an emergency.
he really look orange .... woah!!
Rip to my brave soldiers
When the clown stopped being funny
This man is a master at obfuscation!  2 minutes of actual content and the rest and hour of  boredom!
See Gematria effect news,now.
Trump is going to tax ladders in Mexico.
Jar jar gave him the emergency powers
The wall expert
Thank you Mr. President. God Bless America against illegals and the democrats in government.
Me to children "if you lie you'll end up like that man"
Children to me "president of the united states?"
So smuggling is all just a democrat conspiracy now?
You must mean national hissy fit it's okay I get things confused alot during this guy's term to
I'm so proud of President Trump!
I thought Mexico will pay for the wall.... oh no?  Oh yah ! Emergency ! :-)
like him ,he has to do that he permis
Well you can't say that he didn't deliver on his promises
When will someone take down the wall that separates his head from Reality
''To ensure the security and continuing stability, the Republic will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire! For a safe, and secure, society!''
Came here for 22:15 .. wasn't disappointed 😂😂😂
He's worn out …… like drunk.
Fahnnnnnnnnnn tazzzzzzzzzzzzzzztik
Bigotry at its finest lol... MAKE WALLS ...GOOD FOR WORLD LOL
Divide and conquer, was happening blatantly now still happens but under our noses slowly slowly the veil will be lifted
Ladders coming soon.. will be ready before wall is finished
You know it's bad when it stops being funny and shocking, and becomes a norm.
Wait is he serious about giving lawenforcment military weapons
His voice is music to my ears. I enjoy hearing him, and what he has to say. I can listen to him all day. I love Trump.
Great Wall👏👌
Constant head cold. Sniffles. The man has the big Sy. Doctors need to "step up, step up. I mean  Step up!" Really step up.
"MS13 GANG MONSTERS" MEME @ 23:51
None of this speech makes sense
India should hire Trump to build wall over border across Pakistan to stop Pakistan sponsored terrorism.

Trump seems wall expert 😁
Trump is a Star!
The world soap opera for the sheep, don't let this distract you from Venezuela.
Beautiful Chicago crystal water drone footage!
My God but this man obviously has a problem with the English language. He makes the Venezuelan government look like geniuses.
In the hope of a better future!
The moment to fast forward to and skip all his nonsense talk is 24:10. It is hilarious LOL
He is going to build the wall so that China can increase their exports of Ladders to the migrants that will climb over it.
We've got to take this man down.
Oh no
Welp communism is on the verge
Again ended up saying china wtf
It's like watching a terrible high school presentation.
"down the tubes .. what tubes ? and why 2 "
I have never seen such a weird emergency deceleration. 😂😂
"The national emergency is that our President is an idiot!" Jude the Obscure
Mexican drug runners are laughing as they get waved through the manned ports of entry.
Wish he would us that power to convert the USA to the Metric system
they better be giving us higher quality food than they eat cuz i prefer vegetables over a bright and artificial sale's gimmick
build the wall👷‍♂️👷‍♂️👷‍♂️👷‍♂️👏👍
Thanks for still trading with us UK and keeping ties no matter of Brexit :) wish I could say the same for most countries of the EU :/
Thanks mr Trump my bike 🚲 always gets stolen I’m going to build the wall around my garden to its 5ft at the moment think i do 7 to 8ft, dam thieves
Lmfao this buffoon's gone loony
Build a wall, change my mind.
Long live my president
Sorry for declearness u are not the teenth finger on the head of the buster also u will not change
Leave morgan to be free
Incase ur declearness for morgan 
Thanks 
Senior drilling fluid engineer
Righouts
This man is fantastic
Maga 2020. Built that wall. New York City is getting invaded with ilegal immigrants. They get more benefits than us, legal ones.
I could see him doing this from the beginning he will station troops along there soon in mass
BBC gone down the pan.
I'm a little confused.. so does this National Emergency only apply to what was given to him in the budget or is he building or wall with the National Emergency he just declared. Man makes no sense
Trade with the UK eh ? Where's the Dodge charger then ! 😂😂
Trump is more focused on the wall more the 137 us military killed in afghanistan 2 weeks ago
dont build the wall bcoz it also helps to   increase ur economy .  indians or other people who cross the border they pay millions . so it is nt gud
"The eradication of the caliphate" By Allah's Will alone we shall soon witness it's Emergence.
Yer u won’t need the military lol alright 😂😂😂
God bless britain first, tommy robinson and brexit.
Build that damn wall already
He's going to go down as one of the best president ever that's a man keeps his promise
You know when Purge is going on 😂😂
"Where are the tubes ? I don't see any tubes." - George Carlin
0:09 ChynA 😂
Ayatollah BBC👏👏😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
How are you gunna make the wall Titan proof
I thought Mexico was paying for it??
He's done a good job so far
Build the wall, deport them all.
That's what a 5000 litre Diet-Coke looks like 😂😂😂😂
People do not want to give up their land and homes in the US for the wall.
So now we have 36 National Emergency  instead of 35?
president xi is a liar, he told that they dont have a drug problem?? is china really sure about this??? drug cartel in the philippines are mostly came from china,, god. chinese are grabber
Install robots with mini guns, cheaper then wall.
Trump: we have been working very close to South Korea..South koreans: you just messed up everything and said you deserved the Nobel Peace Prize
Layered defenses ,the Wall/Drones/Border Patrol/and enforcing $10,000 fines for each Illegal employed...


Trump is a Builder literally and figuratively....


Europe needs a Trump or many Trump's,or all is Lost!!
Wish we had a leader with the strength of trump in the UK.
Planes,boats nice game
Very few presidents deliver their promises, I admire trump for his perseverance
This guy is a crock
Building a wall would violate a bill he has just signed into law. How clever is that.
22:15 Robot Donald Trump Starts To Breakdown!!! 😂🤣😝
Lol, it is emergency, yet you said none is care. I dont get it. You just want to do what you want.
The wall should’ve been built decades ago, no matter what administration decided it to be built !  God Bless America.
You either love the man or hate the man, I can understand both points of view but so few are willing to empathize with their opposition.
Guns n Gates !
We don’t need no education.... all in all, it’s just another brick in the wall!
Ladders are going to be used to paint the wall, dummy!  If our southerns neighbors would get the Sh&t together. Then the wall would be unnecessary! Sheesh!
Trump is the awesomest President ever! 
USA, USA, USA! 😀
Now I know the meaning of "ramble" LOL
We did this to ourselves.
So if a drug dealer sells drugs, to users - and gets the death penalty, what's with gun shops and people with guns, tools made to kill in the first place? Ofc they get to live. Great logic. Not trying to dig deeper and understand the root problem and solve that.
King Cyrus 2 should dissolve  Congress to begin his imperial reign.
Thankful for all things.It  Every green herb for meat Genesis 1:29
Wall.....!!! it's you..😂😂😂😂
Us canada border wall
I'm scared of what the future has to offer for young people like me in a broken world like this. I mean this lunatic got to be one of the most powerful people on our planet. Anything can happen at this point.
anyone know what he gonna do with the extra 2.3 billions? First he wanted 5.7 but now it's 8, so what about the extra 2.3?
Global warming is major concern than building wall
Am gonna grab the next election.
I wanna see ms 13 drported with film footage
Billions and trillans billions dollars 🤣🤣🤣
Better start ur own wall construction company 😃😃
World's biggest temper tantrum??
and in the meantime Sarah Sanders is being questioned by Mueller.... getting closer
Can we just build a wall around DC,   a really high wall?
Make more jobs 
Graduated. Job-less. This is not emergency?
There's been a "national emergency" since that dickhead was voted in!
Finally the wall may be complete
Homey tryin to get that reelection locked up. Smart move
Just get Bob the Builder
Wow - a true great. An intellectual giant. I rank him alongside Martin Luther King. Greetings from UK, where most people are jealous Americans have such a great leader unlike ours, Teresa May.
it was russia that tried to make the conflict and blame in on usa with facebook
Just remember...you people voted for him... now you reap what ye sow!
Wtf was going on at 22:00
attack on titan
Considering how little this slob does its amazing how much destruction he's wrought .....I suppose less is more ....
the vast percentage of drugs come in shipping containers entering ports under diplomatic passport, the RATlines organisers are scared stiff at Trump introducing the DEATH PENALTY for BIG time drug traffickers.
Drug free United states!! We luv it
Why not fix roads help  vets help out the people in need. No let's build a wall instead.
Best President,  Ever! ‼👍💕
So in terms of setting a precedent, this is huge. His bills got denied in Congress despite the Republican majority. Both parties did not want the wall. 

The president used the power of National Emergencies to push a bill through. If a democratic president is ever in power now, what's stopping them from doing the same? Doesn't matter if you don't have the support of Congress - you can push anything through. 

Nothing stopping a democratic president from declaring a National Emergency on climate change, vaccination, etc.
The Git Emperor of Moron Kind
Tunnel under the wall?
He's incoherent!
Y’all mad??😂😂
Trump: MUMMY MUMMY I WANT WALL😭😭😭😢😢😢
He wants America in mars 😂😅 i hope America will  still be praising his work #makeAmericagreat
The Honorable Donald J. Trump : The Best and Greatest President in History :
Video starts at 24:10
Best leader in the world..  TRUMP.      IS.     THE.    MAN.  😊      the world is TIRED of corrupt goverment
What a joke of a Government. The last few years have proven that American democracy isn't the best system in the world.
Come on mr president tell us what is the next plan to build the wall
FINISH THE WALL 100 FOOT TALL CRIME WILL FALL
2020 or impeachment can’t come soon enough. I forgot what having a mature, and smart sounding President is like.
BUILD THAT WALL !! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
What?
Wouldn’t a dome work better?
I love Breaking News BBC
Trump 2020!
So it looks like WE are paying for the wall and not Mexico. Some deal maker he is
Won't even makeshift ladders render such walls moot?
Build the wall President Trump
He's right, walls do work. So do tunnels, ladders, boats submarines, planes and drones. Wall won't happen. Brexit won't happen
20:00 For him real country,real people are trumptarts 😂😂
If the people vote for a wall, then build a wall.  It's a novel idea called democracy.
You are doing good things for your nation
The con game is Donald J Trump.
YESSSS!!  High time!
One step closer to impeachment.
Sir what about India.. more than 40 CRPF HAS KILLED BY IED BY PAKISTANI TERRORIST...
Build a wall around trump tower
He pronounces China with two syllables
The brave president will do anything necessary for good sake it's country 👍
Juz build th wall around urself...
so we all gonna ignore the fact that not 2 long ago he referred to the wall as a future trump monument?? my question is is he gonna paint it orange???
Fake news all of what he says
3 minutes in: ok- either his dementia is worsening, or he's high as a kite.
Legalize drugs and get rid of private prisons. That would be a far better system than what Trump wants to do.
I see the butthurt is still thriving on the left. 😂
He's out President, you can't have him.
Mexico and Canada need to build a wall and the rest of the world will chip in for the lid. End of problem.
One big global scam that allows them to show complete indifference and just take their piece of the pie.  People will be thinking that it's silly to hear the President talk about individual cases but it's every case that stops the rot.  They've forgotten that all of these jobs matter, even building a wall, that's something that everyone else hasn't got.  That's long term good will which translates to improved GDP.
Build a wall around yaself.
There already EXISTS a WALL between USA & MEX!
This orange only wants a monumentum to his megalomania (and gain $$$ with maintenance after his admin is over)
such a Donnie
What in tarnation?
I meant wall , not war.
World war 3 begins
Let's hope they don't
 know how to dig....looooool
He is attacking on Human emotion.
With Trump as president we need drugs pouring in our country. Smh
Angel dust?
Great speech President Trump 👌👍
Mr. Trump, tear down this wall!
Tragic :(
Hurry up and lock this lunatic up!  He is the one who lies constantly and never gets his facts right.
People will storm through the 'wall' like when they stormed the Berlin Wall
Trump talk only in billions 🤣
Actually , the Border Wall isn’t the only problem the USA faces . It won’t fix everything. There are many other topics that need to be acknowledged already
This will be a nail in the coffin for his presidency
Pompous Buffoon!
🎼Someone is rich, but his mind is not civilized... 🎵🎵🎵
SIMPLE MATHS: Money spent on illegals: hundreds of billions. Money spent on wall 6 billion.
3:30 yeah..we know.
“We need to build this lie.....uh I mean wall”.
Did he say he wants to kill people who sell dangerous drugs, he better start with pharmaceutical lobbyist!
Look at the security in prisons and we can’t even keep drugs from flowing inside our prisons...
He has no class, no charm, no coolness, no credibility, no compassion, no wit, no warmth, no wisdom, no subtlety, no sensitivity, no self-awareness, no humility, no honour and no grace
This is a useless comment
Great man
I would say prior administrations caused the internal economic and employment problems, foreign countries been laughing and took advantage.
We love what your doing. Thank you Mr Trump!
The greatest US president in our lifetime.
TRUMP 2020!! WE NEED THE WALL!!
Contain your contribution to global warming with your WALL
I fear the supreme court will vote in his favour. Our government is a goddam joke.
I am only here for the food
BUILD THE WALL!
All. Smartass's don't have A. Family member ☠️ Murdered Yet !!! 🚩🚩🚩
Seems the US UK and Russia all have a similar interest in wanting to carve up Europe all over again
After 2 years of such poor leadership, the US southern border has deteriorated so far that it's now a national emergency. At least Trump realizes what a poor job he's done.
I pity America with this clown president.....a real pity
Since the colonies have a Coast Guard, why not a Border Guard?
Gg trump 👌🏻
This drug problem he's talking about is really creepy.
Why u cutting off some parts? Don't edit the video .
What a joke as a president.
How many times did he repeat himself?
Weed power
To help their flat earth from niburu and its planetary fly by that happen every 3600 years
"Walls" are the result of fear and/or greed, not courage and compassion.
USA has national emergency -- a Russia agent was elected as the president.
I'm running a sale on 35 foot ladders. Any illegal aliens interested?  Pick up in Mexico. You carry across desert to Trumps wall. Quality construction. Made in China!
Whatever the bbc says
I ignore
Even though he is a shitty president, but got to admit he is awesomely hilarious.....😁😁😁😁
11:53 nice comment taken vastly out of context by BBC
I'm  NEVER watching or listening to the BBC! They should be showing the people the President Trump is asking to stand and be recognized!  Shame!
3:55 febuuuuuuary ...
This has been an emergency LONG before Donald Trump became President. He is the first to have enough balls to do something about it. I live in California and the illegals here think that nobody can touch them. Think "IN YOUR FACE" attitude!
This president sounds so Lazy.
OMG!  THIS is the most powerful man in the World!  Gotta be a special place in hell for the people who put him in power, and for those who keep him there.  Pathetic!!!!
Hating him won't end your problems.
Build a wall around Trump and I'll pay for it myself.
bbc propaganda that it is  impartial on anything is an insult to the british people CLOSE THIS BIAS STATION DOWN NOW
this guy is a total joke...looooool
you know what. ok.
I admire trump here from the UK. I might not agree with all his policies but he speaks his mind and actually does what he says he's gonna do. If you don't like what he does then vote him out but at least he's acting on his words rather than making false promises like our Prime Minister over here!
And the giant humans will re rise from the Antarctica and underground caves
CNN's fake news
It's an invasion! The US has become a great feeding tray full of parasites. All obnoxious things from all over the world has set up its headquarters in the US. 

As to the National Emergency, it is a  must  step for security, stability, and  as he rightly mentioned, no borders no nation can exist. The President can clean up the nation like never before and set the Native-English antiquity in its rightful pedestal and preserve the social Quality.  

To reclaim it's greatness... 

On all fronts!
ABOUT FREAKING TIME 👏👏👏👍👊
Americans will pay for the wall
The fap video that trumptards  were hoping for
doesn't sound like an emergency, more like a plan
Trump would have more success convincing people the earth is flat than getting the wall built
So he kept his word, probably the first politician to do so.
spineless beeb cannot comment
US and UK got rich off selling opium in China once. Seems like its China's turn now.
Makes sense
Get the Chinese involved. No one builds a better great wall than China
Ridiculous
Trump should be focusing more on climate change then a wall
How will Mexico pay for it though? Please enlighten me someone
Well, Looks like the fascist dictatorship started yesterday.  All hail Das Gropenfuhrer!!
Well done President Trump.
 I wonder why the BBC won't report on the Senate Intelligence Agency's "Trump/Russian collusion" report ? Findings after 2 years - No evidence found ! It was all a lie ! 
The BBC have pushed these lies for 2 years but won't report the  committees findings ! Why ?
BBC is nothing but Fake News for the clueless "Sheep"
gooooooooood! So when will you build a wall up North, with Canada's money?
President trump is not a good speaker sorry to say kinda feel likes little lost 🤪
6:21 "Walls work 100%" Seems like Trump has never heard of Señor ladder and El tûnnel.
Build the wall! Crime will fall!
lunacy
When a man is fired and turns up to work with weapons and starts shooting people is a National emergency. Forget the wall..get rid of the guns.
Decoy
#MBGA
Who tf would even vote for this clown
The purpose of human life is spreading happiness around the world. God gives us a wonderful opportunity to make this world a wonderful place. Everything can be changed when we clear our mind about the purpose of human life.
As a human being, we aren't different from each other and the only truth is we are a human being to take care of each other. Each and every moment become magical when we like each other. The magical power love within you makes wonders in human life.
plosabich and  the dishonest media there needs to be a night of the long
 knifes to rid our country of these bugs or at lest have the fcc pull 
the dishonest fake news broadcast lic. for polluting the air ways with 
propaganda.
I definitely don't agree with Trump signing that poisonous bill.  That bill is worse than anything he has refused in the past.  He better have some strategy in mind or this is just one huge mistake!!
Let's just let our country be overwhelmed by ILLEGALS. As tax payers we can afford it. The more ILLEGALS the better. Come in, we are happy to support you. 😈
Best president ever in my opinion, Build the wall.
Obama will always be my president
That’s won a be a very large, titanic, and big wall of shame for the history of USA
Prashant : No not a Trump supporter per say but opposed to socialist oriented traitors in the Democrat party here. No better than Macron. Merkel. Trudeau. Globalist UN
oof
Oh look !!!!  It's the Israeli news !!!!
An Embarrassing muddle..
I think that it is a good idea to make a wall.
It becomes the sightseeing spot if Banksy  draw a picture.
It can keep the security of the illegal immigrant, too
As we all know walls work ! Trump  a real leader !Maybe UK will get ride of flip flop May ! And leave EU .
Love from the London U.K get it done mr Trump.
I feel so much safer and proud to see this man taking care of business and responsibility of American people. dealing in truth instead of just chasing money. a real leader of men. he needs to receive many humanitarian awards to say the least! 
thank god America had/has some smarts left to elect him into power. he makes me believe again. he makes me want to do my part. he makes me proud again to be American. I just can't say enough...
Brexit👍, maga👍
He sounds like he's trying to sell himself on what he's saying.
4:41 what happened there?
Building a wall cannot stop drugs, gangs and illegal weapons
Go Mr.President!Build   a tallest and longest wall!
I like this guy
"Walls are made to be broken" feel free to use it
I support the wall, a strong immigration system and the expulsion of all illegal immigrants convicted of violent or serious crimes
Why Not Spend Those Billions On helping the Mexican Economy Grow and Prosper so people won't even want to cross Over.....then we can also benefit from having a Successful Neighbor
this is a comedy
He made a promise he cant keep! So now he is abusing his power to make a wall that will cost his country a lot of money!
Many previous presidents have "said" the same things. He's actually trying to get it done.
He going to need that wall when millions flee north when Eliot Abrams starts shipping arms to Venezuela for the slow coup against the heavily sanctioned people, it's all for oil, human rights is the vail.
This wouldn't have happened if the Democrats had stopped preventing Trump from defending the southern border. The Democrats only want illegal aliens for future votes and cheap labour for their business donors
Orange man bad
China sold our debt to another country .😂😂😂😂😂
Why hasn't anyone explained the concept to tariffs to him yet? Its insane!
I think that this is propaganda for an excuse to bring out martial law on everybody
So many lies and false statements in this 20 minutes...
But why?
Nice thumbnail. It’s not biased at all.
He needs a 🦇 batman opposite himself.... JOKER
Once that Wall is build american humanity Will be damaged big and then america Will be less and less prosperous till it completley fall
WTF!
You guys in the States are so fortunate to have such a skilled orator at the helm. I don't think there can be any doubt that this, surely Trump's magnum opus, will go down in history alongside Churchill's 'We shall fight on the beaches' speech, and MLK's 'I Have A Dream'. The man is a modern day Shakespeare.
Go back to the closet, NPCs. You've lost.
0:00-22:15 blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah

22:15-22:45 ROBOT TRUMP IS MALFUNCTIONING 

-end  
14:48 he says the thing he's most excited for in the china trade deal is them executing drug dealers 😀
All the republicans cheering this, just remember that this sets a dangerous precedent. What's to stop the next president declaring an emergency to subvert congress and get whatever they want passed? Trump is actively sabotaging democracy
London used to have a wall, China had a wall all great nations build walls.
A wall won't stop the invasion, shooting them will.
The President of the United States, is insane. 25,45.
Trump is right, yet again!
This is what Hitler did wasn't it?
Cut every form of subsidies to illegal aliens in this country. They will go away
Buggar the wall. We need more bacon on McDonald's pancakes.
so what does he plan to do? build a wall like a the great wall of china? history says no matter how advanced you build a wall as a protection, someone will always get past it,. it'll just take a bit of a planning,.
Hell yeah baby
There is crisis when thousands invaders attempt to stampede into our country and drugs smuggled in since we are the most profitable market in this part of the world. The wall is one main infrastructure needed together with many surveillance monitors both on ground and under.  President Theodore Roosevelt built Panama Canal and used the Army Corps Engineers to complete this difficult  project. The main reason for the canal was economic as well as security of the country.  The president wanted the US to be able to move navy ships quickly from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean. President Trump has the duty to protect our border and perhap uses the budget and personnel of the army.
First of all im deeply thankful for trump's stance on venezuela, i feel his support will bring in real change

Second, wth i seriously doubt this mexican obsession can be called a "national emergency"

There are far better ways to tackle the immigration problem
I wonder how many more times we're gonna hear the exact same speech? I mean, I know it's not about the wall, but how many times do you beat a dead horse before it's horse pudding?
BBC < CNN. At least CNN is funny.
😂 what a useless man. His first sentence ‘we have a group in China doing negotiations, who knows what that means?’ HA! Joke president. America shot itself in the foot, they’ll walk with a limp forever.
8:46 mmm  ....  so due to no barriers 9/11 happened ?
You cannot blame a politician for trying to implement the policies they were elected on. In fact I think it is quite novel.
If Modi was white 😁😀😀
How about using the money TO HELP Mexico and other countries with similar corruption/drug/gun problems?
He is not a human being
No mention of this Bangladeshi British passport holder Islamic State jihadist who wants to come 'home' - typical BBC bias from this publicly funded squawk box for the far left?!
I hate that someone always blame at others, but never reflect themselves. The Americans have the drug problems since a long long time ago, and these problems all come from one source, which is the people in the State that increase the sky-high price of the drugs due to the high demands. Building the dumb wall can only do little on preventing the crimes, but rising even higher price and value of the drugs in the Nation. It is time for these people to deeply reflect on their behaviors of consuming drugs.
Another acid attack in London, I wonder why the BBC forgot to mention it.
That's the wall pretty much guaranteed
The American government is absolutely pathetic now. We've lost our touch..it's so so sad
🇺🇸💪
This can not be allowed. It sets a precedent that circumvents constitutional law. In the future, a national emergency can be declared after a mass shooting and gun control can be forced. Or hurricanes continue to devastate the coastal states and a national emergency is declared due to climate change.
He spoke very well. He conveyed his point of view quite clearly.
It's like there's something in the water in yankland.
Erase.  I want royal government people on Uranus to get some toys from Uranus for the boys.
Trump is the one of the reason, china to become super power
Mr. Trump has a ego issue with this wall. By any means he wants to matarialise it.
Oh come on you orange baby...
建設新柏林圍牆
Build a new Berlin wall on the US border with Mexico
Best 21:00-23:00 😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The boarder is clearly safe enough for murikas maga in-bread morons to join hands and act like a special ed class on a field trip...
All Brits just keep your mouths shut.   You don't have free speech, only us Americans do.
    Keep quiet or you'll be put in jail for saying something.
the humanitarian crisis created by Donald Trump!
Monster
Build a wal and then just let in legal immigrants who are still not us.
Stop Whitewashing Mr President !!!!
中国共产党的终级使命就是要打败西方民主推动世界走向共产主义化共产党一定会取得最后的胜利。
we need a british trump , A politician that sticks to his word unlike the spineless weasels we have in parliment
中国共产党的终级使命就是要打败西方民主推动世界走向共产主义化共产党一定会取得最后的胜利。
中国共产党的终级使命就是要打败西方民主推动世界走向共产主义化共产党一定会取得最后的胜利。
Stupid wall🐷
I wonder if I can have a red hat with the trump name in russian writing
He is an indiot. His supporters are even bigger idiots
Trump works for the same banksters who built the wall in Israel. Trump is just a glove puppet.
불량배는 모조리 다 때러잡는다 ok
Looks like the AIPAC gave him the green light
ICE=Diet Gestapo
Get ready mainstream media people waking up to your lies
the man is literally destroying america, so many people being affected by his stupid tariffs. even the hard right in america have turned against him. absolute clown. his damage will be felt in years to come.
"Our Country is doing very well".  "I'm going to be signing a national emergency".  He's right about one thing.  It is a big con game.  Every moment he's allowed to stay in office is the biggest con ever pulled.

I just wish he'd stfu!  I can't stand to hear him babble.  Did he just suggest we kill drug users?  He's excited about their deaths?!?!?  

That Sociopath with narcissistic personality disorder didn't even bother to have a speech prepared when he knew he was declaring a national emergency.  How much more are we supposed to tolerate?  How can I file for his impeachment?  No one else is.  He's going to burn this country to the ground while claiming it's fake news.  I hate that my country is enduring Donald Trump liar in chief.
This has got to be illegal it's pretty much making him dictator
The shrill voice of the left gets more desperate, delusional, and insane every day. That is what happens to a mind whose thinking is not based in reality. It gets harder and harder to deny those pesky facts, consequences, and truths. It gets harder and harder to twist the story, no matter how emotional you get.
He's a liar and a scoundal.
BlablablablaBLAAAblablablablablaBLAAA. 😂😂😂🙈
Chi-NA
and just like that our constitution means shit.. i just dont get how he can lie so blatantly and people still clap when he talks
This dude lies about the lies he told before / after the other lies he told, and so on and........
DO NOT PAY THE TV TAX. DO NOT PAY TO BE LIED TOO. The BBC lying by omission & manufacturing consent since 1922.
He's probably just angry because he got the rusty water from a trailer park nacho.
You know what as of now I wish there was a wall between America and Canada because we have a mass influx of undocumented people immigrating from America knowing that they're going to be deported for being there illegally so now they come to Canada exploiting a loophole in our legislation and becoming a drain on our system and my taxes go up as a result. Been a crisis for about last 3 years now we've spent hundreds of millions of dollars on it were estimated to start spending in the billion soon and that doesn't count the ones we have from Syria. :) 
And then about two weeks ago there were a family that was arrested because in their garage (an hour away from where I live) they had been building bombs and it was the FBI that had tipped off Canada's federal police these people were completely undocumented because our prime minister personally vouched for every single person he let into this country without documentation and decides that he's not going to document.
With this new perspective I think walls might actually be a good idea..
I don’t agree with everything this President is saying, but I agree that illegal immigration is a problem and our borders need to be secured. The immigration policy in general need to be updated.
What's the Presidents  plan? I fell asleep at the One minute mark...
I love this Donald. 🤣 this guy is legend
This will pay back. Good investment About time. Make America Stronger!!!!!!  Enough of the socialist globalist agendas of those who would undermine our country ( Democrats)
Mr. President is a grumpy Trumpy!!!
Great News
why doesn't he address the mass shootings instead of this political wall?
Yes America first
Well done President Trump! Also looking for the apology from the BBC to Mr Richard Tice about Brexit party funding, can't find it anywhere for some reason...strange that.
Now we have No Deal Brexit and the Trump Wall !
political right =💩💩
Get rid of all the people that uses the drugs that way there's no drugs coming in if there is nobody buying them think a****
Tell rich people to stop buying coke
Go Trump!!!
This guys great for the British economy the second he destroys the American economy were that much closer to being the the worlds top power next to Russia I say let him do what he wants
This is the greatest president America has ever had...he doesn't aim for political correctness or political approval in order to do the right thing....we only hate him because of how the media displays him to us...but in reality, check his record...outstanding
I understand why he wants the wall, whether it may be right or wrong. But I cannot understand the fact that he forces his vision regardless of other entities of the country. He just forces a one-man vision over a parliament vision, which represents current vision of people elected them. American democracy is just failing.
Trump 2030
He loves talking and manipulating Americans. See how he easily he takes away our attention from Venezuela and that humanitarian aid, to a wall.
Get rid of this son of a btich
We Love Trump
We Love Trump
God Loves Trump.
This wall is going to be the downfall of the USA.
I do wish that media would call the 2016 campaign by it's TRUE name: The
 Trump/Pence campaign. Every criminal offense committed to get Trump 
elected also put Pence in the number 2 slot. Want Trump arrested? 
Impeached? Removed from office? If you don't take Pence out of office at the same 
time, you WILL end up with something even worse.
How is Americans have present who talks like this only on issue but in circles?
Trump supporters are the virus that's gonna kill America. We must win in 2020 to kill that virus.
Seems to me that the personality type of the people he wants to stop coming in are the same sort of personality types that built America - rogues, thieves and pirates.  Hasn't anyone ever noticed how loads of Americans, particularly the ones they class as 'great' or 'famous', all claim a hereditary to England that they can't prove from people here that were 'somebody' and never just an ordinary, everyday kind of person?  Anyone would think they went round checking out our history before they wrote some of theirs, lol.  Ohh AAARRR,  lol.
Great,..... Trump has guts... UK brexit dealers take notes
It doesn't sound or look like emergency, Trump with a cool blue tie talking about China, UK trade, good relationship with China, success .... summit Vietnam summit with chairman Kim Chung Un, best friend exciting to meet a little rocket man talking about agenda of the meeting, very relax over 5 minutes talking about bla bla. Each day i woke up, I thought Trump is outed but he still there talking crab.
is he talking to children?
Damn, now Trump is trying to sing.  His lunacy knows no bounds.
I have just completed reading crippled America by Donald Trump what a awesome book we need this guy in the UK
Trump promised a wall in 2016 and the wall will be built. Promised kept.  ~California For Trump 2020~
This man is just rambling!! What the hell is be even talking about saying that the US is losing to China? Americans do realise that American corporations were the ones who decided that it was cheaper to manufacture abroad and it isn't a question of China stealing anything from American people!! Individual companies, such as the Trump family organisation itself,  realised that they could exploit poverty stricken Chinese workers instead of having to pay decent wages in the US.  Furthermore China and other developing countries don't have such stringent environmental protection laws and worker protections so it's cheaper for American manufacturers like Ivanka Trump to manufacture abroad.
When is Princess Ivanka and Donald Trump gonna bring back their own manufacturing base to the US to MAGA then????
When did the comment section become reasonable? O.o
When someone threatens me with, let's say, 800 known terrorists released into my territory, I don't consider that person an ally, at all.
what a bout the pollution water in India
Donald Trump is a god among men
Note how the BBC run stories and quotes from  Robert Muller on its website but completely avoids running stories like that on YouTube. Reason? Because you can't filter comments and opinions on YouTube. I can't tell you how much I detest the BBC these days. They're just msm pawns in the globalist cabal game of  chess. I watch your slow demise with complete and utter satisfaction.
Blexit 2020 🇺🇸
He never misses the word "CHINA" in all his statements why??? China, china, chinaaaaaaaaaaa. Damn u wanna be a president of china or u r in love with the country.
Why does it take him twenty five minutes to say what normal people would be able to say far better in only five minutes? I really does seem like he struggles with his thoughts.

I do get the feeling that if it wasn't for his father's wealth that he'd be one of those confused old men who sits on the same stool in the same bar every day of the week and just talks complete nonsense to anybody who else who walks in. A little like Barney Gumble in the Simpsons but without the drink.
Well, historically national emergency declared by the US President is nothing new under the Sun in the USA. Since 1978 the US Presidents have declared 58 national emergencies connected to many kind of situations in the USA and worldwide. For example President Barack Obama declared 13 national emergencies during his 8 year US Presidency without this kind of ridicule and deeply politicized media circus. There are 31 old national emergencies today officially going on in the USA connected for example to Cuba, Zimbabwe, Yemen etc.. Even the national emergency connected to the 9/11 attacks in the USA, declared by President George W. Bush, is still today officially going on, because President Obama and President Trump have both continued it. Greetings from Northern Europe, from partly arctic Finland.
I think I know the reason he does that sound with his nose. Too much soda (coke) in certain people the amounts of sugar creates mucus and therefore the necessity of making that sound when breathing. Just a thought
Is the emergency that no one is responding the way he wants them to?  Has he driven along the freeways between our USA and Mexico? Arizona, New Mexico and Texas have some of the most dramatic natural “walls” in the USA. Big bend national park park for instance astounds in stature and height with its natural beauty as a wall along the Rio grande.
Mr trump is appropriate and good president for American.
God bless President Trump and the people of the USA ❤️
Trump just wants another concrete edifice built by others paid for by others and slapped with the Trump family brand for eternity.  That's what this is about for the mobster and conman in chief - you've heard of Hadrian's wall? Well Donald imagines the Trump wall. It's that simple.
Way to go Mr. President!! So proud of our President!!
Trump is still millions of times better than Hillary.
There's a terrorist standing in front of White House. What does the military plan to do about this?
Islaam is a demon among human being....
He is the president to make life more colorful. Too many same same presidents make life boring. I love this guy.
Horrible
You build a wall around your house to defend your family, but building a wall around your country is unacceptable
The beginning portion is interesting, everything is well type speech.  Could be at a doctors surgery waiting on news of the baby.  Then comes the national emergency, and the democrats shoot the baby with their new 4th trimester baby killing gun which they just invented.
Democrats and Republicans are all together they all want this National Emergency Gray State today starts the day of Martial law will see how fast they accelerate things from here
Seems a bbc producer has said on twitter that the story about the gas attack in Syria was surprise suprise a false flag story pushed by fake news main media the bbc is a joke.
I am British , i have to say : WELL DONE TRUMP ! you are amazing.   :)
As a Mexican take that, who will end up with the bill. Who's gonna pay for the wall??? Hahaha
#Make America great again. Let's build the wall, desecrate mountain s. change course of rivers and so on.
I thought Trump is different, but that is not true. He is the reincarnation of Nixon, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, and Obama.  There is no difference.
Heard it here first folks. Chinese fentanyl and home cooked meth won't be coming over the Mexican border anymore.  I feel safer already.
Excellent. Getting it done.
Do you remember that episode of the Simpsons where Homer's brother puts him in charge of his company and he builds a bubble dome car and bankrupts him? This reminds me of that. Amerifats put this idiot in charge and he's literally going to build a giant wall and bankrupt you, ha ha ha.
We know who like to “invade”. US hypocrisis is unbelievable.
Well there are always 2 sides to a coin today you  are building a wall to keep the 'trash' out . On the flipside  you could be building the wall to lock yourselves in. FOOD FOR THOUGHT!
I laugh whenever I visit the BBC News web-site and read the Anti Trump comments. You people need a better news source.
The best PRESIDENT EVER, TRUMP 2020  TOO
Trump doesn't care if the wall works or not. He doesn't care what it costs or who pays for it. He doesn't even care that it was a promise to anyone, he never has. It has ALWAYS been about his giant ego. He is fighting for the biggest presidential monument of all time! "The big beautiful, powerful TRUMP wall". Now he will waste more money on a tantrum inspired "national emergency" which will thankfully have funding tied up in court well past 2020 and if there is any hope for this country at all, we will be rid of that useless conman by then.
The economy is horrible! Unemployment is down but that isn’t the only requirement for full employment. Wages are not only stagnant but have decreased in some areas. We have many corporations that avoid providing benefits by limiting hours. Full employment also includes fair wages that allow the middle class disposable income and buying power. A middle class armed with cash is the strongest engine of economy. Everyone (within  reason) who is actively seeking work can find a fulltime job if they choose to. Lastly, we are making the best use of the skills of the majority of the population. I don’t have a view on the last. I am sure others can provide their experience. So other than low unemployment we haven’t met any of the other criteria for full employment.
I mean, every country has some laughable leaders, but this guy trumps them all.
Good.
Use the billions from China to build your pointless wall.
Why does he have to brag about everything??? He is obnoxious!! Oh I'm the best. We have never been respected by China and now because of my awesomeness they respect us very very much. No Bozo, they're laughing at you!
To make USA great again, will require to declare The Democrat Party a subversive terrorist organization THAT IT IS - and must be OUTLAWED. Know that Supreme Court, in Constitution ONLY given authority to decide constitutionality, not a lower court. So until Supreme Court decides, why does equal executive 1 of 3 branches, honor/enforce obvious unconstitutional lower court rulings?
The communist China? Haha Trump is a bad joke!
Why would you even vote for this stupid man? I pity America for this.
Did President Trump just sell our country down the drain today? He had a chance to become a King David or a King Saul. I believe now he is King Saul. How sad. He sold out. Did he listen to his daughter and son-in-law who are liberal communist anyway.. this is a sad day for America. Trump did not even read the 1,100 pages and he just took McConnell's word for it. The Democrats got all they want. And now the invasion begins with all the illegals. Sad day in America. What happened to mr. Trump? Did they threaten him. ... Trump was very different today when he made that speech I think he knew he made the wrong choice but did it anyway😵😵😩😖😩😩😩
We are supposed to learn from the past, to be able to prepare for the future, ‘walls work’... what about the Berlin Wall, what about the 23 murders! That’s a huge amount. Eradicate the problem like the UK. We had a gun problem after WW2, we set up laws to stop gun crime. Get rid of guns, we get less than 23 gun related murders per year...
THE WALL is CURRENTLY GETTING BUILT at this moment its way too late for COMPLAINTS . SO your comments is - FAILURE and I do add the word...FLAWLESSLY! No matter what reply comes afterwards!
Trump doing more for the benefit of the USA than any leader in the last 50 years and the sneering weasel liberals can't take it
Trump Declares national emergency, says I didn't need to do this then leaves to go to his Florida golf resort where he charges the taxpayer. Lol and his friends at Fox like Hannity do not comment other than to of course back him with BS. Trump has not even appropriated the private land he needs to build his wall, he is hoping to use eminent domain like he tried and failed to do when an old lady would not sell him the land he needed to build a limo parking lot at his casino, which also failed. Trump just a complete lying conman.
LIST OF OBA-MAO EMERGENCIES.... April 12, 2010: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property of Certain Persons Contributing to the Conflict in Somalia was in respect to threats posed by Somali pirates.

February 25, 2011: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property and Prohibiting Certain Transactions Related to Libya froze the assets of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.

July 25, 2011: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property of Transnational Criminals was in response to the rise in crime by specific organizations: Los Zetas (Mexico), The Brothers’ Circle (former Soviet Union countries), the Yakuza (Japan), and the Camorra (Italy).

May 16, 2012: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property of Persons Threatening the Peace, Security, or Stability of Yemen addressed political unrest within the Yemen government.

March 16, 2014: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property of Certain Persons Contributing to the Situation in Ukraine was in response to the Russian invasion of Crimea.

April 3, 2014: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property of Certain Persons With Respect to South Sudan was in response to the ongoing civil war.

May 12, 2014: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property of Certain Persons Contributing to the Conflict in the Central African Republic was in response to violence towards humanitarian aid workers.

March 8, 2015: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property and Suspending Entry of Certain Persons Contributing to the Situation in Venezuela was in response to human rights violations.

April 1, 2015: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking the Property of Certain Persons Engaging in Significant Malicious Cyber-Enabled Activities was in response to Chinese cyber attacks on the U.S.

Nov 23, 2015: The National Emergency With Respect to Blocking Property of Certain Persons Contributing to the Situation in Burundi was declared after a failed coup.
President of America Donald J Trump America Loves you forever “you the first and the last president ever in the history of America America Except you 2020again l God blessed America 2016 he .will  bless America 2020. The president of America Donald J Trump America Loves you especially The America Force the Army Air Force The Navy National  Army President Donald J Trump America Loves you  for making America great again!!!!
The American-Mexico border is about 2,000 miles long, and with overruns, will probably cost the American taxpayer about $80 - 90 billions of dollars PLUS and will be plagued with multiple problems and drawbacks.       Is this wall an actual necessity or is it merely Trump’s folly.
Two years late... BUT BETTER LATE THAN NEVER... Thank you President Trump. BUILD THE WALL! DRAIN THE SWAMP! MAGA!
The greatest president in my life time he give up millions of dollars from his business to be president because he loves America the need a wall these immigrants coming to America for economic reasons America can't save the world the have problems in the country stay there help solve it
We are getting so crowded that every one is getting cancer,over crowed,all these people go to the bathroom our landfill are getting full polluting our land ,water
Talk about drugs when USA have like what 5 - 6 states with farms growing Marijuana the only real drug here is that feeling you people have to bring and create what: hate racist labels, ideas and options to register regretion of peace, you people have a lot of issues and it's rather talk discuss stead of solution negotiations the only invation is your on demons like fear the wall will not protect you from yourself lier bully overall high addict so high you think you created the economy that you have jajajaja they were your ancestors not you with them you are nothing and litarelly you are taking all creation to nothing to destruction maybe sad world sad politics.
The ego
We can bash Trump in BBC comments but anything to do with traitor may the dictator comments are blocked Brussels broadcasting corporation at its shitty best
It is weird how he argues with himself.
I think maybe I am Princess Juliet of Aldebaran A.  The Aldebaranian A empire is Aldebaran A, Uranus and another planet.  I think the Taurans live in caves on Uranus.  I think maybe I have 2 sons with a Hispanic man.  I want the royal government people on Uranus to get some toys from Uranus for the 2 boys.
He is a disaster he is eirdt than Nixon. Lol it's not going to do anything 😂😂😂😂😂😂 what an idiot and Democrats are stupid for giving him the money because he declared it anyway. Lol what a mess
how many lawsuits is this clown going to face this time?
Great American Wall. Who cares
The USA is in Danger because of this Embarrassing Fake President.
I make more sense than trumputin when I pass gas.
The only national emergency is Trump himself. Get this dumbcunt out of office now.
the greatest, most dangerous example of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, i've ever heard anyone suffering from, this Crazy man suffers from! and we, the citizens must suffer as well, under his illness!  UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
China. China. China. China.
Trump
Obama did this 11 times, Bush jr 12 times ..... it’s nothing special in the US of A.
Bbc involved in using a military grades Acoustic device to inflict brain damage in a British man.They do it for the hated Prince Charles the exploitation of a man by psychological campaign to dehumanising destruction by violence with Acoustic devices.The government scientist involved establishment doing toxic poisonous violence with Acoustic devices that is the British establishment human rights crime.I see a future of yellow shirts in the UK.Human brain experiments without consent using Acoustic devices frequencies were not normally exposed to like being hit with a physical weapon to the left side of the brain with added autosuggestions.Come from from the shadows face courts television and establishment rapist.
Can someone please send him to bed! He’s obviously tired, he’s making no sense.
Something iv'e noticed about Trump when he's speaking on any subject at all..Its not about the nation, or the people..It's always about himself! Even to the point of taking credit for things he had nothing to do with! It's like watching American 'reality' tv! You know it isn't real but he just spouts it out and largely, gets away with it! Look at his so called rally's..Trump really knows how to play the 'big con'..How to 'work a crowd'! It's like watching an old Benito Mussolini rally! Almost an impersonation of Mussolini even up to the infamous 'bullfrog pose'..And they actually believe him!..They cheer and yell things like "Maga" and scream his name over and over! Tells me an awful lot about certain types of Americans!..Lost to reality!
One thing I can't ignore about Trumpet and can't get past, why does he buy his suits too large?
Glad he did this cause democrats were resisting anything Trump did even if it is the correct course of action to make for the country better.  We need some sort of deterrent from more caravan’s from Central America believing coming to US is savior, those countries and there people need to save themselves and there own country and not rely on US to be there savior, we have our own issues and our own people that need help.
Jane O’Brien, Laura Trevelyan, and on rare occasion, Katty Kay; what do these three ladies have in common, they are all BBC World News Anchors, that when ever they appear, one can rest assured, are best dressed for their performance, in up to the minute in blond dyed hair, which has fast become the new standard for on-screen female television news anchoring, don’t ever tune to a news program without at least one in resident on set…for you most certainly will regret the time spent and consider yourself  having been cheated…and not been given your full dose of on-screen fakery, and you’d be wise to fact check their reporting, thinking it might be bias for ratings like their appearance is most certainly is…
I'm drunk.


No, seriously. So very very drunk...
The wall must be built to keep out the allahmonkeys and the ignorant peons.
I am so grateful I am not in America and can just laugh at this clown while people suffer there. 😐😐
Jesus Christ! will somebody please shoot this madman, put a bullet in his head. Humanity is in great danger. Amen
Well done Trump, those liberals that think illegal immigration is okay must be crying into their cereals now.
America get rid of this utter muppet, its like Team America came to life, ha ha.
😲.. This man just did the unthinkable and it's shameful. This by far is the worst president in history😵😠😠
This person is the stupidest person does he realize mexico can make Tunnels, Ladders and Planes
USA has the worst president than ever before. Annoying phrase “ever before”.
How embarrassing. What a psychopath Trump is. Educate yourselves on psychopaths. Google the PCL-R by Dr. Robert Hare.
Ya and your goddamn wall is really just to keep Americans in and not Mexicans out. Planning something big are ya? Oh and another thing from a reliable source says that apparently 150 immigrants coming to US from Mexico randomly got killed. It was very gruesome from what I was told what state they found the immigrants in. Sources say that Reptillians had a play in their gruesome murder.
The question I would ask is ‘Why do so many Americans feel the need to anaesthetise themselves with opiods?’
My IQ just dropped 50 points.
Trump wants a wall like in ba sing se if you watch avatar you will know what I mean
Like president trump.
And you wonder why the USA can't even make the top-ten most-free countries anymore.   Your days are over, America.  Better get used to China running the world from now on.
My word! Listen to the verbal nonsense that this moronic bag of human waste touts as facts, "real news" or accomplishments ! He is by far the single biggest threat to our democracy... EVER! As well as to, fact based reasoning, rational thought, common sense, basic human decency & to attention span, that has ever crawled outta his daddies $$! Yet morons will still chant "Supreme leader Trump in 2020!" #HurryupMueller!
I am glad he did this,,,the whole stupid wall is his,,,and the American people will be paying for it forever..  5 billion,,,make it 50 billion,,
People talking about steps and ladders being used on Mexicos side, have you thought about what happens to your fkn LEGS when you fall over 30 FEET? 😂 Good luck running away with broken ankles / legs. Little kid got hurt badly just from falling from an old section that wasn't as tall as it is now.
This Guy is a Legend. Savor every moment he is your president!
How about you all get over the fact that you don’t like Trump and just see the bigger picture. He cares about the American people and our safety... unlike liberals
i dnt get, how building wall can stop illegal mexicans coming in. They have ladder nd ofcrs they can break the wall. 😂 It will just waste lots of money of americans. If drugs and human trafficking is a problem then improve ur laws nd security.
Hey Mr. Trump. Take your followers and murderers, and ur big friend Blair ofc - and go to moon. No need for walls there. Spread LGBT ideas together with former UK boss, fight da wars together.... Have a happy life, please - don't come back here.
DICKHEAD
The wall of the hate and division. I am so sorry that the world is leaded by such a pathetic man. He s bringing hate, fear, division and stupidity to the world.
He respects a man that got 1.5 million people aressted because of their religion. Money money moeny... Money... Bye bye to ethics people with guys like this in charge. China's economy is on a different level now thoes guys are untouchable. Eradication of the kalifate ha, much like the discovery of the "weapons of mass destruction" in Iraq?
Its a plan by the brown invaders to swarm the southwest so that hispanics can overwhelm the populace and vote the southwest back to mexico. Invaders not immigrants.
israHELLS wall should be taken down, as this is not the ashkeNAZI's place of origin. All the idiots that think that other ppls lands are for the Neandrathals barbarians pale faces, have another thing coming.
Trump Trump Trump !
National Emergency is US prison systems and the student loan scam
He doesn't speak like president like seriously he think being president is a normal thing and you could speak whatever you like  but it's not you represent your country and prepare yourself like a president.
Say good... Be a good human .There are hell and paradise. Believe in The Only One God,  come on,  we will going back to origin place of Adam and Eve, eternal life in heaven only by believe in one God, Allah The Almighty.
how can anyone listen to this garbage and not laugh.  in the Future replays of Trump 's nonsense will be the basis for a quiz show. You listen to the answers and guess the questions...
Get the Chineses to build the wall and ship over, they can do it cheaper.
Imagine your window is broken and you wake up and there's 100 people in your house, in your kitchen and living room. Is fixing your window a problem? If you wanted to fix your own window, liberals would be screaming at you and calling you insane.
look at IQ maps of the world to see why walls are good for North America
LONG LIVE TRUMP
Greatest President of the last 100 years if not of all time
Let’s watch all the idiots cry because Schumer and Pelosi were unable to stop Trump building the wall. All those who think they don’t want Wall should give up citizenships give up their rights to Americans citizens, go live in Venezuela, Al Salvador where they don’t have war. Go to the Middle East.
First one😎
So this dimwit thinks that woman and girls are trafficked by crossing the border on foot ? How is a wall going to stop the under ground tunnels and how is it going to stop drugs from being transported cause its not being transported by illegals on foot . this dude is weird .
Now let the Elected President fulfill his stated CAMPAIGN PROMISE as so many have failed to do in the PAST!    OBAMA & CLINTONS are Globalists & SOROS disciples & TRUMP is for STRONG BORDERS & the U.S.A !!!
The global illegal drug trade is moving inexorably away from plant-based substances trafficked via traditional trading routes, and onto a more high-tech platform: synthetic highs made in underground labs, ordered online, and trafficked under cover of a million brown packages—many times more lethal than the natural highs they will soon replace. http://therealnewsnowadays.us/why-europe-has-dodged-americas-fentanyl-crisis/
"We will have a national emergency". I guess you can organised emergencies ..
Being Educated and Legally immigrated with voting right is the only solution in today's developed nation's society. If you're none of 'em and still being supported from someone within Developed Nations then try to understand that something is not right. I know if you're uneducated then how would you get my point. Right ??
The BBC is lying.  There are already 31 National Emergencies in place that every existing President must sign on to every six months to keep them active WHICH THEY HAVE.  It is NOT RARE to declare a state of National Emergency!  They said nothing about it when Trump declared a State of National Emergency in Dec of 2017, did they?
I wish we had him as our Prime minister. We'd be free and independent from the European bureaucracy ! Instead we have a week woman in charge.
Not a bad idea. These drug traffickers should be given the death penalty. So many americans fall victim to this cancer.
Or dig a tunnel or just climb over it eather way we are still gonna get over it. There is a thing called a catapult 😂😂
all walls work dude tryfinding example
I'm in Texas. Great job Mr. President- you have balls! Obama and Pelosi wanted a wall years ago but "coward-out". Protect our borders! That's why you were elected! 
God bless America!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Who knows what that means? What a stupid uneducated thing to say! Are you kidding me  this is the president of the United states  who is losing his mind right in front of us
(US-UK trade deal gonna increase trade)
oh god, not more luminous drinks...
We have had all those bases covered a long time now, but when you dismantle all your factories and move them to China, and you put all your patented stuff in the factories, it's going to get out. Plus, Americans sell secrets very cheaply every day. Everything is for sale now. Trump will be going to Hanoi? I hope so. All lies all the time! Distraction from MSM every day, all Trump all the time, while the country is destroyed. The USA was taken over by a criminal cabal that is destroying the country. Day after day the news is Trump the scumbag, Trump the idiot, Trump the criminal, Trump the crazy person, Trump the demented, Trump the drug addict, Trump the racist, Trump the misogynist, Trump the liar, Trump the traitor, Trump the philanderer, Trump the pervert, Trump the slacker. Not one thing has been done about Trump. He is not a President. He is an agent of the Plutocracy destroying the country. The Government  Trump can declare a national emergency and take over the country, dictator for life, and no one will do anything about it.
He is proof there is no God. 😂🤣🤣🤣
Like the stable genius he is, he said he was getting his wall, and walla..

Walls work Jim
Trump 2020 🇬🇧🇺🇸
Everyone crying a river over a REAL national emergency that will only cost 8 billion... meanwhile everyone has amnesia over Obama giving Iran 150 billion cash for absolutely no reason what so ever!
Every time he says China I want to punch my screen
"Unfortunately" this maniacal psychotic is not just an absolute national embarrassment, but even internationally! He is an absolute embarrassment for the entire human race intellect!!!
It turns out you can put words in any order you want
🎶 China China China China China China China 🎶
Trump 2020
"Who knows what that means?"When talking about relationship and trade deals with China! Oh my gawd! And he is saying we should kill drug dealers- do we live in Philippines or something? He is such an idiot. LOL how he told us he is declaring a national emergency and how he expects it to go LOL
So he basically made the wall stuck in years of litigation. Good job bro. Cool story.
If the illegals bring ladders, we bring boiling oil.
Well done Trump 💪
Build the wall 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺
Trump is doing a Great Job
The BBC are to be exposed next week by Tommy Robinson.
I did not vote for Trump, but have been amazed by what he has gotten done. He has done everything he promised to do just halfway through his first term. Imagine if we had more politicians that actually worked on the things they talked about during their campaign. Imagine if we had more Presidents that were as open and transparent as this one.
Donaldus Maximus - Build The Wall!
End birthright citizenship...pass legislation to economically discourage illegals like how the government in Israel did.
Trumps wall will put an end to the Democrats supply chains.
Death penalty for people that use drugs??
This is the man you voted for, America? Sad, very very sad.
Rambling ?
I believe President Trump is the Cyrus of Isaiah 45.  

Psalm 138:7-8

7 
Though I walk in the midst of trouble,
    you preserve my life.
You stretch out your hand against the anger of my foes;
    with your right hand, you save me.
8 
The Lord will vindicate me;
    your love, Lord, endures forever—
    do not abandon the works of your hands.

Isaiah 

No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment Yah shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of me, saith the LORD.

Isaiah 50:8
The One who vindicates Me is near. Who will dare to contend with Me? Let us confront each other! Who has a case against Me? Let him approach Me!

Psalm 2:1-6
Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing? … 

Ezekiel 38:9,10
Thou shalt ascend and come like a storm, thou shalt be like a cloud to cover the land, thou, and all thy bands, and many people with thee… 

Isaiah 
Then shalt thou delight thyself in the LORD; and I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.

Daniel 
Then Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake, and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, ye servants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego came forth of the midst of the fire.
Please just ignore what he talked about.  Let go to listen this music, "🎵Under pressure.🎶 "😊😉😆😥✌😎
This clown is pitiful!
He cant say February!! Febwah! Haha dunno why that's what I've decided to learn from this video but there you go!
He kept his campaign promises not like Obama
Waffle Waffle Waffle I'm the mad sicko I can do what I want la la la la!
The wall will protect Americans against illegal alien invasions, criminal and terrorist invasions and dangerous drug smuggling even during democrat administrations.  Who could be against that?  Empathy belongs with U.S. children, parents and others victimized from crimes committed by Illegal Aliens NOT the Illegal Aliens!
Pink floyd the WALL.trump rocks
Great news! Can't wait for Tommy Robinson's documentary!
The 'well they can just use ladders' 'argument' is nonsensical. Do the individuals making that argument suppose that every, or even most, individuals who would have illegally immigrated would a) even attempt the migration knowing that there is a massive wall, or b) bring a ladder with them? 

Anyone who argues that a wall would have no impact in reducing illegal immigration is being disingenuous.
Pakistan ki maa ka bhosda
its not a wall guys, its a fence
I want to know how our president ruined our country because we are thriving woot woot Trump 2020
GREAT NEWS . WE BUILD THE US BORDER WALL.
My IQ man, delete this video off of YouTube man. It just hurts my head. I can't even with this.
Biased BBC. Lock her up.
Red Castle, Green Castle... it has always been the plan.  The only people who have not expected this over the last year are the sheep who swallow the propaganda bull crap shoveled at them on a daily basis.  
We knew it, we observe its progress. We approve.  We also approve the coming trials and look forward to seeing the perp-walks for the corrupt criminal elite which has infiltrated our government over the decades and undermined our nation.  So far as the BBC is concerned, you need to pay more attention to the massive destruction your own leaders have poured over your nation and the growing revulsion of your population at the propaganda you spew in its support. The once Great Britain is no longer the nation it used to be, and no longer the nation we can trust over here in the US and once signed defense agreements with. You no longer support the freedoms and governance you once did and you have become a suicidal hell hole of fascist, totalitarian self destruction. You have become the threat you once fought.  If you dont get your ruinous, corrupt and out of control govt back under control we are going to have pull out and get ready for the next world war... one in which YOU will not be an ally of ours.   WE are a nation of free and independent people who shall remain free.  YOU are in the process of being conquered by psychopathic criminals and are simply standing by, waiting to be their cannon fodder in some kind of sick conviction that being a passive and cooperative victim of truly evil and demented elites is the very best you can possibly be.  To hell with that and to hell with you.   
GET YOUR CRAP TOGETHER OR LOSE IT!  Take back your nation!  Make Britain GREAT again!!!!!!!!!
Trump the Greatest President in the modern Times
When BBC spends all day deleting pro trump comments! Look at the like to dislike ratio on this video! Morons!
President Trump for 2020
American Paranoid is terrible, like 800 American Military bases invading other countries, sanctions to anti dollar countries.  Walls surrounded every part of USA. Lol the end of the empire is near
BBC is fake news! Tommy’s gonna sort you nonces out pretty soon
1st
22:!5 MA BOI TRUMP FREESTYLIN!
Demorats on panic mode
Please comment below
The wall is too keep Americans in.
Trump will make america poor again
A lot of brainless NPCs in the comment section here. The wall should have been up since the 70s. Anyone who thinks the wall won't work has no clue about the horrors that occur in Mexico. Just a bunch of NPCs on auto-pilot. Very sad.
The fake media are a disgrace. The democrats blocked,stalled,delayed,not compromised or tried to help the border issue. Purely for a political agenda with no regard for the American people. They knew that this would lead to the president declaring a national emergency. This helps the democrats in the 2020 elections. To assist them are the fake media spewing out the usual propaganda. I think it’s an utter disgrace to good people in the free western world.  Corruption and money . Please vote for president trump 2020
First view
I'm 1
......damn.. even he doesn't believes the lies he tells anymore....And here goes the shit show.....With his national emergency...
NPCS are malfunctioning in the comment section.
Ohk...... Yeah he lies!
Pelosi is gonna grab him by his wall
MAGA!
no one respect USA with trump or without him...
You have to wonder what he thinks his presidential accomplishments will be? The world leaders laugh at him and that's something the UN have never done to any head of state, EVER! Does he think that he can and would defend his presidency as being the greatest ever in the last 10,000 years of the US.
