If the videos not working put it on 360p... 




Appreciate the love glad I could help!
Have a great day! ☺️
My left ear enjoyed this national emergency.
Put quality to 360p to play.
Everyone press the Quality to 360p for you can be able to watch it (like so everybody can see it)
I don't think it's a coincidence that we can't watch it.
Hey Fox ! ...It's not Trump's wall it's our wall.
When you could care less about politics and you just love to see the wars in the comment section
Put the video on 360p if the video isn’t working. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
national emergency? Dude this guy just opened Pandora's Box. Imagine the next presidents and their national emergencies.
The democrat slayer strikes again. Trump 2020! MAGA!
President Donald J. Trump...”FINALLY A PRESIDENT WITH BALLS”.    “America Matters”
Far left activists can't get it up because of Post Trump Derangement Syndrome.
Not even kidding. Look it up.
Give the people their wall and protection already!!
GUYS 360p works just change the setting and refresh
Video is unavailable on this device?.... YouTube
Press: "...how can you say there is violence at the border...?"
Trump: "we just had 26 murders the other day..."
Press: "...well, yeah, but...."
If it doesn’t work put it to 360 quality.
It must be April 1......Oh Sh**t is February. GOD Take Me Now
Knock knock, any real republicans out there anymore? The dark societee blocked this video.  Democrat.🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
The wall is keep out gog and magog build it to survive
No border No Country. Finally a president to secure America. Thank you President Trump
Thank you, Mr. President !!!
God bless our border patrol and military!
I disliked the video and it won’t play for me. 🤣😂😭🗑💀🤦🏼‍♂️
YouTube employees lol.
Amazing speech- totally off the cuff, and direct to the American People. Love my President!
So I'm Not The Only Person Who has the not playing video problem
The only video on the trending page that is not working unless pit on 360p. Didnt think YouTube was that biased.
I put it on 360p and sound is coming out on only one ear, yay! 😂🔫
Boi I hope Philip DeFranco will cover not being able to watch this except on 360p on Monday. Fr FOX News. Y'all supposed to be mainstream news and work on all platforms.
Tried playing video....Unavailable on this device?...YouTube...
What happened to the video? I was just watching it earlier. I came back, and it’s gone!! 
Stand with President Trump!! Stand for the the USA 🇺🇸!!
Where the hell is the "VOLUME"!!!
Ok, I set it to 360p and the video now works. 
No sound though? 
Anyone else have this problem?
If trump builds the wall he gets re-elected. If he doesn't he loses. That's why dems are suddenly so antiwall and repubs are so pro wall.
This country didn't need another politician it needed a true leader and businessman...Finally that's what we have in President Trump!
My left ear enjoyed this video
@42:38 "Sit down! Just sit down!" 😂😂😂
He sounds like the mayor from the Simpson's 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Pick the quality 360p for the video to play
Trump should declare a national emergency for PewDiePie
If you can’t watch the video, do the following:
Click the three dots on the top right corner.
Click Quality. 
Put it on 360p.
Now you can watch it. (It’s still high quality)
I am very sorry Mr President that you have to deal with so many CON ARTISTS, GOD BLESS YOU Mr President for working for the people.
Switch video quality to 360p and it will work
I love you, Donald Trump. ✨
Now Declare a National Emergency on CNN , the world will be a better place without their lies !! Trump 2020 Keep America Great 🇺🇸
If video isn't working, then do 360 quality of this video
Put ur vid on 360p to play the vid. Idk why but it works
"An error occurred"  / looks like the lefties at YouTube are bent over this.  Too bad.  Wall comin' anyway.
Setting it to 360p definitely helped 👍
Everyone needs a wall at their 🏠 home.  Trump actually cares for our home USA 🇺🇸!!TRUMP 2020!  You got my vote!!
360p do it now go back up on the right up corner settings ok
There was an Adventure Communist ad on this video.

I'm dying.
A Nation that chooses Illegal aliens over their citizens, has failed the people.
The fundamental purpose of Government is to protect its citizens!
"You toxic toxic orange..." 
- Brendon Urie
Trump my man love this guy!!! Just gets better and better keep it up!!!!
Seems to be fine here. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
We stand with you President Trump. We support you. God bless you. Protecting our Country and her citizens. God bless the USA🇺🇸❤🇺🇸
Wtf lol only my left earbud has sound
If the video doesn’t work for you, put it in the lowest quality possible and try again! :D
Instead of trying to abolish "I.C.E.", let's abolish the
"9th Circuit Court"!
Why can I only hear this in my Left earbud/Headphone
Wall -- Yes
Venezuela -- No (drain the swamp)
In tune with Trump's mandate.
Dammm i see all the complaints of not being able to watch the vid and I 2 can watch hmmm... agenda 21
Trump = Greatest President of All Time!
Set quality to 360 and video will play
thanks for not playing 🤣
Set "quality setting" to" Auto 360p" and you'll be o.k.
couldn't watch video and NOW an error occurred how much more do you need or all of you blind as a bat, gj putting your censorship skills to work youtube ahaha
Significantly less people will die lost in the desert. Thank you Mr President. Saving lives on both sides. Protecting the strong, weak and clueless.
Video doesnt work even if put in 360p
Only my left headphone works???
For anyone having trouble playing video, change it to 360p resolution 👍.
The wall just got 10 feet higher.
Thank you President Trump for getting things done!
Put it on 360p if the video doesn't work
Article 4, section 4 of the Constitution. He's within the law.
You got to do what you go to do. Keep it up!
Refresh, put it on 360p then click play.
BUILD THAT WALL MR. PRESIDENT!
Put the quality of the video to 360p and it will play.
Lalalala the Simpson is better 🤣
Our greatest President.
MAGA
Better than my idea of building a bulletin board.
In God we Trust...that President Trump and his family and those that support and guide him will be protected and guided through this horrific mess that has turned our country upside down.
Yeah sure fox this 35” wall is a national crisis mkay bud
Mine plays just fine. Bring on the wall/ closed border
Glad to see a President doing what they said they would but boy, does he like to remind you of his accomplishments.
He’s a good president for infrastructure. 💪🏼
BUILD THE WALL, Trump 2020🇺🇸
Fox is just as fake as CNN
Change quality  to 360p for video to work!
Fix the audio problem, It only plays from the left side
If the video doesn't work change the quality to 360p! Thank me later!
MAKE EL CHAPO PAY FOR THE WALL!
It's about time! build the friggin Wall!
Fox is happy now..
The world is evil, no matter what “leader” they will be transformed by the people sitting behind the shadows.
Clicked on the video, suddenly experienced connection interruption...
Trump 2020🇮🇱🇺🇸
It is an emergency.
Too much Wall I can't see the Video °_°
Let's make the fence we're building on the border be an anti anti imperialist Fence .
Look at the bigger picture trump watch Gaia
As an immigrant from India and one who has voted both Democrat and Republican, Trump is the best person in the present times to lead USA, contrast him against the Clinton Crooks, George ( see Daddy I attacked Iraq) W. Bush or slick Obama ( who promised that he would control  costs  by going line by line in the budget, whatever happened to that promise, HOPE AND CHANGE, we got nailed by his gang of CHICAGO thieves and bullies).
May God Bless him, and may the white suburban Americans see the light and vote for him, this be their last chance to hold onto the values of the country that made this country great.
#8 Trumpding! 🇺🇸 💖
It plays when you set the video to 360p.
the boi looking TICC
Severe！👌
If an illegal invader kills an American citizen that is a terrorist act. Why do we not publicly hang these enemy combatants.
Trending but can watch the video 🤔
Me: watches video for no reason

Youtube: Youtube App has Stopped

Me: 😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲😲
Lmao Why can’t I watch it?Gives me an error
Choose 360p, start from 10:25
One of the weirdest ASMR videos I've seen.
what a savage lol
Try 360p if the video does not work.
If the video isn't working, don't watch it.
I'm getting prepared for all of the riots
The fake news doesn't ask questions to become informed. They tell President Trump he is wrong. That is not their job. If you can't see what they are doing, you are part of the problem.
I think someone is getting desperate... 🙂
Blob the builder.
360p is the key
You have to watch Trump on quality 360p
Had to wait 2 minutes for video to load!
we will build wall and mexico pay for it xd
290K views and still on trending a day later when the video doesn't even play.  Haha
Video is unable on this device?  Youtube, what?
When youtube dont work like it used to before 🎵
Centre your Audio.
My left ear enjoyed this
Put the video on 360p ...
MAGA!!!!
Change it to 360 p to watch
For some you might the same issue as you have to tap to refresh the video and then you can change the quality of the video. You have like 3 seconds to change the quality.
Why is Trump playing golf at Mar-A-Lago during a National emergency?
Set quality to 360p
No sound??
About Time! Thank you President Trump. We the people support you 110 %. BUILD THAT WALL
school shooting epidemic
trump: my heart is so sad rn y'all 

our money not going directly to the wall
trump: this is a 
Need more ice sweeps in every town in US.
why the audio so low ! darn it
The ad loads no problem, but the video itself can't unless it's at 360p, good job YouTube
Donald "💪the 🐐 G.O.A.T President" 👍Trump 👌2020
Not unavailable... Except when you switch it to SD. I hope this Is a mistake YouTube
How can it be a national emergency trump has no right in signing off a declaration for this wall that isn't emergancy
Put you video quality to 360p to watch the video.
Video ONLY WORKS ON 360 P!!
Great job Mr. President.
He may hear steps on his attic;  2020 is so close.
San Francisco loves Trump! Thank you Mr. president
Happy to see he did it, but honestly don't think it will work in the end.
TO PLAY VIDEO SET QUALITY TO 360
Imagine that, the President working/fighting to Secure our Home and the home of future Legal Assimilating Immigrants!!! After all, it's just common sense... if the people are Fleeing danger, then it makes sense we should put a barrier between us and THAT DANGER that is causing them to flee! Safety First people! Otherwise there's nowhere for people to live securely or freedom seeking people to flee to. Simple math. No wonder they don't want free speech around here. It's so easy to debunk the absurd!
All im going to say is it best not be coming from my taxes.
The wall seems too personal
Brendon O'Connell, you guys need to watch his latest video
Build the wall! Build it tall!
WE, THE American people are with you Potus so fight.  We got your back along with all the Angel moms and dads
What you will find in the comments section : 90% of the comments saying “ I can’t watch the video “

10% arguments about politics
It's been bufferied for over a minute and now is finally showing
Finally and thank you
"why does youtube not want me to watch this"😭
" Why is youtube censoring anything pro trump"😭
Seriously people, 
Not everyones out to get you.
I love him so much.  Build the wall!
You are able to watch but only at 360 video quality.
This guy is pure comedy gold lmao!!!!
Put on 360p to watch
doesn't work on 360p for me
Most honest up front Patriot president ever... Stand up for the American people, not to mention this man stands there and has the wait of the world on his shoulders God strengthen his legs his heart the innermost parts of his body charge your Angels round about him peace be still in Jesus name thank you Father God for this man protect him going in and going out in Jesus name
Politics has become a great source of entertainment
@50:28  Acosta being confronted by Angel Moms...
We must build a wall
I'm waiting for a different national emergency, one where you say the truth about the executive branch.
How about trimming the first 19 minutes of wait time.
Any alternate facts?
Plot twist: the loading is the video
Lol 69 baby momma trending #19 over Trump lol

Thots out here winning!!
No wall 🤷🏽‍♀️
President Trump should be carved in Mount Rushmore 🤠
The national emergency, in Trumps mind, isn’t illegal immigration but it was the possibility that he wasn’t getting his way.
sit down lol everyone there in kindergarten class
Build it with freeloaders!
If you wait a few mins it plays. I am willing to be it is a bug in the program that controls buffering
No more Angel Families! Protect America and American citizens. Thank you Mr. President.
This might be a good place to look for ingredients
Sit down!  Sit down!  You get one question!
Is it going to be the solar panel topped wall design i wonder
YouTube blocking the video lmaooooo
Trending, yet I can’t press play to watch the video???
Gee thanks for working as great as always YouTube
I just want my tax returns lol
MAGA!  I stand with our POTUS!  BUILD THE WALL!!
Thank God, Please build that Wall! ❤️
No more...  T A C O S ?
Conspiracy theory trump is a robot
I like how he still going to put up,the wall after no one care that much any more it bitterly a dread meme
Video is not playing even in 360p .
He a savage I love it trump 2020
trump and fox new yikes
I'm a doche but let me say doche
Here we go again bois
I would be all for this border wall if it also included the deportation of people with expired Visas.
Mr President if Obama got the Nobel peace prize you don't need it its all watered down your better then that
Haha. Jim Acostard
So searching through trending and clicked on this which is #9 and the video won't play. Tomfoolery is afoot!
Not the hero you want, the hero we need.
Your friendly reminder that this senile, rambling old man has the nuclear codes...
Obama gave his Supreme leader in Iran Billions of dollars not authorized by Congress. Speaker Ryan did not raise a stink about it. How come?
ahhhh my left ear
50:00 onwards seems to me a defeated president. 🤔
Yes we needed it
what an absolute unit!!! he stood up their for nearly an hour.
I wish president Trump was our prime minister! Big love from the UK
I can’t wait to see how the wall will turn out!👍🏻
should not have signed the bill...
Will this national emergency make Mexico pay for the wall or the Trump supporters? 🤔🤔🤔
I see the socialist media is blocking Fox News once they start trending! Way to be a class act you tube!
Thank you President Trump .... For putting the USA citizens first. If a nation isn't secure, none of it's citizens are either. So nothing else matters till then.
CHANE THE QUALITY OF THE VIDEO TO 360P TO WATCH IT
Looks like the guy with the headphones in the Fox News van forgot to flip the 720p video switch. I would love to see that meeting on Monday morning. “BOB! We finally got a trending video on a hot topic and people can only watch it in 360p res!?!? You fired. 😂
It wasn’t working at first but I put it in VR mode and then exited it and then set quality to 360 while ad was playing and it worked lol
The video wont load youtube censorship?
GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT! LETS GET IT DONE TO SAVE AMERICAN LIVES!
I think fox is deleting the video.
Is this why my trash isn't getting picked up?
Ayeeee 5000th dislike haha
He has dementia
WALL, PLEASE!!! 😊
wait if it was a national emergency wouldn’t it be spotted at the very moment? I’m not trying to be rude or anything. I’m just confused. I’m not biased toward any political party.
What error occurred??
doesn't play..
Does he wing every speech?
to watch the video set the quality to 360p.
Turn to 360
Video works in 360p
won't play video on this device
.... Good.
#36 on trending
Last night Pelosi was grinning from ear to ear... Good morning Nancy! Now now, turn that frown upside down! The REAL reason to smile is here! MAGA
Play it on 360p
This guy is a problem solver.
1Billion 3hundred Seventy Five Million  POST  1375
Thankyou @realdonaldTrump
Autists - we thank you.
Patriots - we thank you.
We came here for a reason.
Freedom of information.
No filters.
History books.
Be proud.
TOGETHER.
WWG1WGA!
Q
If u can't watch it, its cause it dont pertain to u 😂
Prayers made, prayers answered!! Thank you Mr. President!!
The real national emergency is how congress is attacking America's 1st Amendment rights on Israel's behalf. Not a word of condemnation from FOX or Trump...
You think the wall is going to help yet they found drugs coming in from the boarder
I pray to God they build a wall
Put on 360p
I can't wait to see the left have a hissy fit now. The best part about Trump Derangement Syndrome is watching the meltdowns. He is protecting U.S.Citizens and the left just doesn't understand. They oppose EVERYTHING OUR PRESIDENT does or says. I'll bet there are a few people having meltdowns on this very thread. 😂 Let me go look.
I'm glad YouTube pays their engineers so much, since they build such a quality website.
People in the future are going to be so confused when they read about how there was a national emergency Because of an invasion of aliens.
The only emergency is in between old Dumbo's ears.  Dumb following dumber is all we have here.
Because having an eyesore is important
Thank you President Trump for declare  National Emergency to keep us safe  BUILD THE WALL
Thanks to the youtube commenters who told me to set it to 360p. It worked
@YouTube why only this video?
Audio pans out to one side
I don't think the Dems are going to get back in control.  They have become toooooo radical.  Decent people don't go for this radical thinking.  The only reason they want to take our guns away, is to turn America into a socialist country and bring us down.  There are too many patriots who will fight this.  You think things are chaotic now, just try to ban the guns.  Won't need to worry about radicals then.  They aren't smart enough or tough enough to beat the patriots.  Real men and real women who love this country.
Build the wall!
Change it to 360p right when the video starts to load
The right is trending? Who lost the net this time?
Boarders are what for us where we are now. We need no boarders not walls
Let’s get it done!!!!!
If allowed to stand. The next president is going to have a lot more power.
My Left Earbud enjoyed this
Wtf no connection try again later😡😡🤬🤬
This says there's already 247k views yet nobody is able to get it to even start. Is this how people make there money now on YouTube? Scam.

Edit:  Oh my bad. It just took me like 10 times to keep hitting the play button and watching it loading for it to finally start so I guess it's not a  rip off.
Fast and furious was because of Obama 
Then he had to back pedaling from all the killing in Mexico because of Obama 
And fast and furious
360p works
YouTube is censoring a lot of these conservative post. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Put it on 360 p and it’ll work
Ik china has a wall, and they dont have an illegal Mexican problem,
but i dont think the same will apply here
Thank you for wanting to protect us, MR PRESIDENT!!!👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼♥️🇺🇸🕊🇺🇸💫🇺🇸

YES, MOST DEFINITELY, WE WOULD LIKE OUR WALL BUILT WITH OUR TAX MONEY, THIS IS OUR national priority before you send our billions of tax$$$$ for aid to 3rd world nations , as it will protect lives and the health of our legal immigrants and citizens of this great Blessed beautiful nation.......
they still doin this wtf lmao
Have to put the video on the lowest quality to look at a low quality president makes sense tbh.
Whats the emergency again?
It's probably not worth listening to
How is it an emergency if we chillin
Creative way of censorship
Change quality 2 360p in order 2 watch.
Because youtube wants a thumbs down for this content
Can’t watch it. Every other video is viewable, my WiFi is amezing, just like my phone. No problem at all with other Fox videos. 

This is what we call free speech i geuss, nice one youtube.
Wow, what a breath of fresh air. This dude is so real.
support president trump on national security  trade deals
Why can't I watch this? Youtube being biased at its best???
If the video is not working... put it to 360p
Ok and a national emergency means what ?
Praise the Lord Jesuschrist always! time to justice for all! God bless our President Donald J. Trump, he is the servant, a gold tool for the Lord, and for us! Amen.
I am ashamed to be a Quebec French Canadian as we also have taken the USA for granted and with no acknowledgement, no thank you.  In fact, quite the opposite.
It's wall time, baby!!
So what you're telling me is that I can't actually see this "emergency" news? Huh.
I’m not going to lie he sounds like he’s giving the speech drunk.
Trump ain’t playing.Greatest president in American history
GO TRUMP IM YOUR BIGGEST FAN Australia 🇦🇺 is behind you 100%
Trump's own big mouth on national tv just helped the upcoming court case against him
Guess you should start to get ur news from CNN hahahaha
imagine if this was just a deep fake
Lol does everyone hear that noise outside, all those liberal tears pouring from the sky 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. Dems gotta be sick of eating crows. Crows gnna be on the endangered list😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. TRUMP 2020 KEEP AMERICA GREAT
and here I was thinking line item veto was abuse of power. if president can declare national emergency to get what he want then we might as well forget check and balance between three branches
Then goes golfing.
Wont let me watch it looks YouTube is up to silencing again
Not available...sounds about right YouTube thanks!
hail to the commander in chief
I can get behind this.
declare a national emergency on youtube...
The number of border attempts have been at an all time low, so it's not really a national emergency anymore. It doesn't even matter if he states an emergency bc the supreme Court will put it down in seconds😂
Dam demarcates trying to block the video
The top Democrats and some Republicans benefit from the drug cartels to oppose the wall. It is the only thing that makes sense.
Put it too 360p and try again it worked for me
Put it at 360p
big 🅱️all
Only in my left ear
Democrats are doing absolutely nothing about border security, its time someone steps up and does something for the American people, and Trump is the one that is not afraid of them, Trump 2020 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
go to quality and change to 360, you will be able to view this speech.
Trump should do a National Emergency to put free Wi-Fi everywhere
HEY WAS NOT PLAY
AH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! and someone honestly thought he wouldn't be crazy enough to do it!
This video is stated as "not avaiable on this device", for my phone and computer, on both wifi and mobile data.

Edit: I feel I should mention. the 360p method works for me now but initially when the video was uploaded (not streamed) I could not watch it at all it was completely unavailable for every device I had.
still looks clear on 360p...
Youtube is up to something
I did nothing wrong.
He is making our boarders SAFE and people are fighting it!  I just don’t understand it.  Their hatred  for  the president is stronger than their love for their neighbors.    Don’t be that person. It’s takes so much energy to hate and fight, they have to be exhausted.  I support my President because I love my country and care about people.
Every video on the trending section will work accept this one. Biased much YouTube?
the real emergency is to take care of the school shootings
So not one $1 or 1 peso from Mexico? I guess this is the “Art of the Cave”
This video works better than a wall would.
Take the money back that El Chapo paid to Nancy and Chuck and pay for the wall!
Build the wall
PLAY THIS VIDEO ON 360P IF IT IS NOT WORKING
Put it on 360p
We should've voted for Hillary
Thank you! Press already like the puppet project Mockingbird vultures they are.
He speaks like he reading off a powerpoint on a topic he didnt prepare for.
Lol had to set 360p to watch low quality president give low quality speech shown from low quality news network
2 days later and it's still not working. Why isn't the video playing?!
PLAY VID IN 360P
Something besides boots on the ground needs to stand in the way of these lawless caravans that keep popping up.
LOL Its a National Emergency but i don't really have to do it. With that he just answered the question if its a real emergency or a campaign emergency to please his base.
Youtube couldn’t handle you seeing this??
Am I the only one who is hearing this on the left headphone?
Trump 2020
DROP THE HAMMER AND DROP IT HARD MAGA TRUMP !!!!
Theyre keeping us from watching our president speak,but never has a kardashian video not worked.And you dont think were being brainwashed?
"I use many stats." Donald Trump summed up in one sentence.
I don't know why everyone's complaining. I can watch the video.
Way to go Trump. Trump 2020
They don't care about us but Trump and his Supporters do That drives the Hypocrites crazy.
Yeah because making america even more in debt is an amazing idea!
Build it nice and high!
C H I N A
This has shity audio
boo boo your sick and no leader.Satan will crush u.
I can play every other video, yet cant play this one. So strange....but not really.
TRUMP ITS BRUTAL LEADER BUT OK LETS MAKE THE HALL!
Building walls can reduce crime, prevent criminals from entering, and protect American citizens. Why does Nancy Pelosi disagree with this wall?
Trump shows it, more each day, that he is an Independent citizen, who wants the best for our country. He could be making more $ by not being President, but chooses instead to help our country during the last few years of his life.
Right ear is sad now :(
I'm just here for the build the wall comments
Sick of trump
You have to select 360p manually. Must be an issue with Youtube processing.
Thank you very much Sir President!!
Meme time guys!
GET IT DONE! USA!!!
Put it in 360p
Won't even load?
Good build two walls. One for the boarder and the second for all the demon rats and leave them in California
Why is the right channel audio basically dead?
Won't play
Could the people publishing this at least balance the left and right audio channels. Those of us on headphones NOTICE THESE THINGS.
Video works
Yes!!! The Dems are liars..and snakes. We love you!!
Play Video In 360p if u want to watch the video
Let’s build a wall all across the globe
He may build the wall sure, but the next person who comes after him will tear it down. 🇺🇸
360p y’all
Trump comes out at 19:00
YouTube ad plays on mobile but not video lol what
So ulgy the video stopped working.......
Man this show is excellent...*pass the popcorn*
build the wall. build the wall. build the wall
"Israel has a wall... The only weakness is they go around the wall and in."  Didn't he just argue against himself ???
I Know Nothing About Politics
Change Quality to 360 to watch. You’re welcome.
Why wouldn’t YouTube let me watch this video?!?
fox network the trump propaganda network.
Build a wall around disgruntled workers.
Eso es lo que todos los subrealistas seguidores quieren escuchar.
Does anyone care that none of his claims are true?
If anyone is on the fence regarding border security, all they need to do is look at Europe. For years they have had open borders and have been inundated with immigration, which is strangling their economy, and one of the driving forces behind the Yellow Vest riots in France. You notice that one after another, European nations are voting out the left-wing parties that sponsored this and replacing them with governments that focus on nationalism.
I just came here to ask..... people actually watch this  @&>/ ?? Lol
We all are in real danger! HA! What a Joke!
I’ll die aged 80 and he’ll still be declaring building a wall
I like how before he was president he would want to bomb North Korea and here he says “I have a good relationship with North Korea”
How many illegal immigrants need to come into the US until people realize it is a National Emergency???!!!

400,000 got caught last year alone!...How many do you think actually made it in?!!! 1,000,000+ i bet. And how many do you think came here illegally over the past 50+ years???!!! Do they math and your head might explode. Time for a change. Wake the f up people!!!

I'm all for legal immigration but illegal immigration hurts our economy with billions of dollars spent each year on illegals because of free healthcare/welfare, housing, food stamps, jail, deportation costs, and taking jobs away from americans. And most of them just work here and send their income to their family in their home country anyways so it's a double hit to our economy. Plus it's a slap in the face to people who try to come here legally, follow the law, and wait in line to be vetted. We have our own homeless people and veterans to take care of here FIRST!

If you wanna sponser and support an illegal alien then do it on your own dollar not mine...I bet 99.9% of you won't. A wall isn't the do all end all solution but at least it's a start in the right direction! Add in drones, infrared sensors, land mines, a no catch & release policy, no birthright citizenship, or welfare benefits, do away with sanctuary cities, plus the ability for them to get a drivers license, and then we'll be talking progress! Trump haters are ignorant cause at least he's doing something about it and is actually trying to Make America Great Again. What are the Democrats doing?...Absolutely Nothing! We need boarder security! I'm sure illegals can dig under a wall but it sure as hell will prevent a caravan and it will also make it much harder for them especially if the wall was see through cause you could see them coming from miles away. Infared cameras could pick them out easily before they even got to the wall. And it helps Boarder Security Agents do their job more efficiently. Build That Wall!

*My Dad is a legal immigrant and my best friend is a legal immigrant. They followed the rules/the law to come to this country and they deserved the citizenship they were granted.
To play the video set it to 360p
I love u so much Trump 💋💋💋💋💋🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
Lock him up
Put Video Quality on 360 P 👍
I immediately switched over to MSNBC .. and they had their panel of experts ready to explode .. .. They are in the midst of losing their s**t .. and tonight will be interesting on all The Talk Shows and MSM ..This all will be interesting
Why does that leftist journalist from Playboy magazine always get to ask the president questions.  This might be news to him, but people don't buy Playboy for its political analysis!
I can on a national emergency on my YouTube channel not getting enough views due to illegal bots
Mr Trump please build that wall.
Hell yeah
Video not playing 🤔🤔 hmmmh tactic so we don't watch...
Deplorable
Yo anyone playin apex and wanna join me?
If you build it..They will come. .Let it be written, so.let it be done
Great president, stiil great country bcz of him !!!!
The only national emergency here is his hair
And the North and South Koreans of puppies together. Peace Puppies.
I have a question what's up with the blue tie
Why cant I watch this video?
This wall issue is a distractionary tool to take our focus away from other issues.
If you met a guy like him anywhere else, you would not be able to stand him. He has an extremely offensive personality.
Lol. I got a Donald Trump ad and thought it was the actual video.
I’m sorry but when was it an emergency to build a wall
If there was ever a president that deserves the Nobel peace prize… Donald Trump would be it.
It's just a wall..
Trump is confirmed in Avenger End Game
Got the view tho....... roll in that sweet  Advertisement money 💰
My man
LET THE BUTTHURT FLOW DIMOCRATS!.................
Why doesn't he just pay for it. Isn't he rich or something
How are republicans not mad? He promised you Mexico was going to pay for it
Not available...
If you want to watch it put it in 360p
Instead having my news filtered by opinion and commentary, I would like to hear what was actually said....hello?  YouTube?
Time for golf
Imagine putting all that wall money into renovating and rebuilding America's crumbling infrastructure (a real national emergency). That would make America great again !
this is why i rather not be american i rather be canadian or european (dont correct try to correct my grammar because i already know)
Trump for British PM. 2024
Video doesn’t load. The commies at YouTube have made sure of that
Put it at 360p to play
The Wall is for more than you know. WWG1WGA
When baby doesn’t get his Wally wall through shutdown tantrum, he declares it a national emwergency.

...




The Toddler in Chief strikes again!
I think 3rd world War start. Starting b/w  India & Pakistan
.........
No words.
Put it on 360 p
A wall to keep people out is also a wall to keep the people inside. Sounds like this man wants to put prison walls around the nation to keep the slaves of America safe.
If President Trump spoke like Nancy Pelosi the press would be all over him for being too incompetent for the position.
My left ear is enjoying this a lot more than my right
YouTube isnt blocking the video lol.
That's because it's that Illuminati news
This is the only video on trending that won't play on my phone
Someone should inform Trump, that just because you can do something, doesn't mean you should do it.....  He should have asked Nancy first.
"I didn't have to do this"... then it is not an emergency.
Ocurrirán cosas este año pero si él llega otra vez a presindciar están en grave peligro .1110111110(89"90) = ∆
As soon as a judge stays this national emergency declaration, Trump will come up with some other shiny object.  Funny how Trump doesn't talk about Manafort looking at 19-24 years in prison.
No other President has kept his word...

Trump!!
What are they hiding from us...
I always support BUILD A WALL to secure Our Border with no care who build it. Stop drugs and illegals migrants invasion by foot in US soil. Demcrats protects for theirs votes not for US citizens
STAND UP AND SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT NOW!! BE NOT SILENT!!

Speak out now against the Lawless Democrats and their Obama Judges WHO BREAK THE LAW by filing immoral and wrong law suits against this very righteous Declaration of A State Of Emergency.

We are with you Mr President, now clean out the DOJ of the Criminal Obama Cronies and PROSECUTE the real criminals
2:41 did you notice it?
In Gods name build that wall for us !!!!
That’s my president maga 2020 keep America  great
360p everyone
I’m done.
Oh dear.
trump never said this but im thinking that it costs more to deal with those who enter the country illegally than it would cost to build the actual wall. am i right? so you actually save money by building the wall since they could never get in anyway
Fox News? Does YouTube allow propaganda now?
And who do you think is paying for this? Not the corporations.
Just wondering. POTUS said: "...Our coffers are overflowing with money...we have so much, we do not know what to do with it!?..." Is there not enough for his wall? THERE is something you can do with it!
Get off my land!
It is a National Emergency and has been for 30 + years! Finally! Thank you Best USA  President Ever!
Doesnt actually say anything of truth during the whole video. No explanations. For the people that dont realize, its still a horse and pony show
唐纳德·特朗普😂
President Trump needs 2 be on Mount Rushmore. MAGA
@ John Duncan "Trump fights for us. In a sea of vipers he fights for us."  If there is a sea of vipers it is a pretend one of Trump's own creation. 

It's a classic sting. Create an imaginary problem then offer to cure it. For example, your basement is infested with invisible creatures that only I can see but pay me and I'll get rid of them. As you can't see them I'll have to let you know when they're gone (probably right after you hand over the money).
He seems irritated today from putting up with the clowns.
....   BALLS TO THE WALL MAGA
America in a nutshell
The traitors at 2ewtube are messing with the video...
Watch it on 360p
Play please 😆
OK everyone, now please notice the difference in the reactions from the Democrats and media from when President Obama declared his 10 national emergencies.
In a way it sad cuz not even a president could get a wall built so whatever
They try to cut Trump down in their imagination, it just doesnt work lol
3.9k illegal aliens disliked this video
Sunday 11:28PM The video will still not load.  If you look at the Youtube numbers for this televised speech across ABC, CBS, CNN and the rest of them, FOXNEWS was crushing everyone.  I wonder if Youtube is denying access to force viewers to go to other sources to watch it in order to bolster numbers for the other outlets.  CNN was at 181K; FOXNEW 336K, for example.
Thank you Mr president .
Why am I here
So is he doing this again or
😭😂😂😂 it's emergency I will use USA money the dollar not Paso for you or you it's making America great again 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
YouTube,Google, TOOLS of the Government！！！
Finish The Wall .
MAGA 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
One word : LADDER
I see it just fine. Maybe go out of youtube completely and try to come back in from scratch.
I reported the Video for being click bait, Not working and they should take it down or fix it.
I've yet to have any republican point out exactly where any new wall has been built..... Regardless of Trump saying that he has built a "lot of wall"  already.
Fox news: hey we're on trending!
YouTube: abort! Abort!
I feel like I don't know who to trust or believe. It seems like the information we're presented is so regulated and Influenced that we lose touch of reality. There are many issues that need to be realized, yet we argue amongst ourselves over information that we cant even truly validate. 

I know this can of worms may always be an issue.. I just want the truth so I can vote for the ones I feel will bring true change so we can stop running in circles..
The world continues to laugh at us,pence got pissed on out there,as fat donny is handling this national emergency on his golf course. Give him more big macs,so he expires already.
He respects the rule of law, which is why he declares an emergency to circumvent it. Genius!
everyone's complaining about not being able to watch the video and I'm here complaining about the sound outta the right ear
Winning 😎
These are the words of Donald
Trump: "I didn't need to" declare border wall national emergency
and then followed the same old lies from this old stupid man.

Trump is the emergency!
See, if we had China build the wall Then we could of had a wall,a trade deal, and respect. And STILL come in under 5 billion!😛
You know you can't use American labor and possibly come in on budget!😒
And China has wall building experience!
It will free up $8 billion?

I mean I don’t think we need a national emergency when illegal immigration is the lowest it’s been in years, but I guess if it saves money...
The only National Emergency is who’s in office
Please save American job, 
no more outsource  , if so please tax 90% for outsource job including health care insurance job outsource too,  lot them going out of country ,  
, keep job here
I think mr tiny hands doesnt get the concept of emergency
I am so proud to have a non politician as my President to represent all Americans in a positive way .  With a re-election we may delete our national debt  .......
youtube is F ing this video can't watch it!!!😡 Got to be a new strategy....
In the meanwhile Amazon pays zero taxes on their profits.  Why do we need to pay for this stuff. Make Jeff Bezos pay for it.
Thank You Mr. President
Strange the Kendall Jenner video works but not the Trump video.
This video error things have been happening a lot on YT this isn't new or a political thing that some say.......
China isn't paying the tariffs. It's ultimately consumers that absorb increased costs.
The biggest threat to America...is the Democratic Party in it's present form !
Oh no why am I in the comments well time to start ww3
Ok now it works....
To preserve, protect & defend.... border security defines his (Pres. Trump) oath as President. President Trump factually &  lawfully has a very wide latitude as far as border security.
Funny how the video it's a right wing and isn't playing
The best person for the job at the most needed time in our history. Thank you, President Trump!
Just say "MARTIAL LAW'!
You people manipulate more than teenagers on drugs!
Video only works in 360p. It’s a weird coincidence that this is the first and only video on YouTube that I have seen been this bugged.
#8 on trending
I love lamp
Thank you My president do what you think is right for this great nation!MAGA
We need the wall. What we need even more is immigration reform and cut off ALL immigration from third world countries.
Trump doesn't have those rights to build a wall
Wow! This fool
F̴͍̥͑a̶̓̎ͅġ̷͜g̶̞̙̾ỏ̸̝t̴̨̲͂𓆏F̴͍̥͑a̶̓̎ͅġ̷͜g̶̞̙̾ỏ̸̝t̴̨̲͂
sigh when is he not doing something
Trump = our modern day George Washington
O wow hes been in office how long lol all he ever talks about is this wall lol
Declare national emergency on people withour adequate housing,jobs and the spread of hiv and gun violence and police brutality and flint michigan water problem
Deep state is at it again. Wow.
19:49 why are we in debt !! ?? Like wtf
Hasn't he done enough damage?
What a Mad Lad
I can't stand people for real. I remember the day he was elected so many people were excited and happy change was coming. But from day one the media has been bashing him, the other side refuses to listen to anything he has to say. 

When he does try to make some changes he gets blocked at every turn. People now saying not my president. Bashing him for a government shutdown. Thing is he is fighting for our security. People wanna talk about impeachment. Like seriously what the hell is wrong with people you ask for change he tries to make some changes and all of a sudden he is a problem. 

I blame the media, people are easily persuaded. You bash someone long enough people start to believe. But here's the thing,  you can say he isn't my president, you can also spread your rumors, be upset, do what ever you feel like but it doesn't change the fact that he is your president. 

Best of luck mr president I hope things work out in your favor sir and thank you for fighting for us all, even the ungrateful ones.
Trump has sworn an oath to Dedicate The Office of the President of the United States to Serve his Ego.  I loved that guy on the Apprentice...but that's not who he is.  There is no excuse for not facing the truth.
Not working at all
He just seems to make things up as he goes. Like he's never prepared
Real Emergency should be declared to purge the Communists out of our Government.
President forgot his helmet
My grandpa live at Mexico and im sure some of the people in the u.s live there
It doesn’t work because the libs at YouTube don’t want you to watch.
Trump sounds a little different
GOD BLESS YOU MR PRESIDENT, UNFORTUNATELY about 30 years too late....
But if people are dying of drugs and they are the ones buying it then...hold up.
Fake emergency from a fake President.
This madarfocker wasting billions for satisfying his manifest
Почему без перевода?✓
We do solemnly swear to support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; to bear true faith and allegiance to the President of the United States.
YouTube Scumbags. I watched this video 4 hours ago it worked fine. Now the sound is removed. All other videos the sound works fine. YouTube Scumbags!
Walls work. Walls save lives!
YouTube is censoring this video. I can’t play on iPad.
This is a joke
18:57 is when he actually comes out to speak.
How is this on trending yet I can't play the video? Like what? Is YouTube having some issues or something?
So after the wall built whats gonna change in my life?.... Dont worry Ill wait ⌚
last heist for trump probably giving it to one of his pals in construction contracts...
I think you need a Samsung smart fridge to watch the video guys it works for me!!!
Thank you Mr President. We are with you all the way. Close loop holes asap. MAGA
America
Millions of people going hungry 
Millions of people living in poverty 
Unclean water in flint. Still.

Trump:
I’m so sick of hearing about this wall already. This is NOT a national-emergency  but it is coming
buss down thotianna
oh dang, this video isn't available just like trumps wall.
He is like all American Republicans, very articulate. Mr tremendous 100%.
yes lets get it trump
im right
Trump - wall builder between people.
Screw the Democrats.
They wanted to play hardball and "resist Trump", putting their narrow view of politics in front of policy. Now, they are facing the results. They are going to cry a river when the Supreme Court knocks down the appeals court lawsuit.
This is the equivalent of flipping the Monopoly game board when you start losing...
Ну че тут добавить Наш человек
what India is going to use a nuke on the paks ?
Once again jim acostic proving he should be selling toilet paper on the shopping channel or at least being used like toilet paper
When will this man-child finally realize he is not going to get his moronic wall?
BUILD THE WALL
Growth all he has to say like u ain't lien thru ya teeth n shut down wen right
Why is YouTube blocking this video?
Thank you Mr President
You really cannot watch the video at 720qHD...
Trump is the best
Hahaha Trump continue doing what you do. Hopefully we go to war so China and Russia can finally attack Babylon
Blah blah blah... give it a rest
And watch the DEMS Squirm.  The Dems failed American's and they continue to fail Americans 24 hours a day. The Whacky Left have risen to far left extremism. A Left that kills babies after they are born and wants to keep U.S. borders open and unprotected, and keep crime and drugs and human trafficking alive and well in the USA.
This Peach 🍑 is afraid of someone or something on the other side of the border.
Trumps racist! He made 21 savage go back to Mexico! ... Wayment....
Porque Trump esta en tendencias 🔥🔥😂
I live Texas close to the border. Ain't nothing bad going on here 😐.
this video was pulled?
I guess If there is no real national emergency then the video wont play.
YouTube is blocking this video on purpose. That’s really messed up.
Finally
Finally
All of a sudden everyones gone silent about that horrible deal with the dems...WHY?
I can't watch the video?
Whether you like the wall or not, this is a dangerous precedent....
Bush did it
Obama did it
Trumps doing it
This executive power creep is unamerican.....we fought a war to not have a king spending our money.....
you cant just sidestep democracy. Congress has the power of the purse.   

What a proto-fascist smoke and mirror job
More important issues going on in this country than a wall.
Why is u tube failing to let fox news load,,, isn't this a service that we the people actually pay for?????
Why isn't the video working.
I dont wanna watch it that bad 😒
The media is always pissed at trump because he actually has the BALLS to do something right for once.
somebody jail this lunitac already.
Someone doesn’t actually want us to see this video..... 👁 🔺 🤔
Here comes all the trolls
Why don’t we just scatter legos everywhere legos everywhere instead of build a wall
we are very fortunate that this man, this American is in the oval office. this was one of his better speaking engagements. no bs. he addresses genuine issues in a strong but respectful manner and i think anyone listening can see that this is the first honorable representative of and employee to the American people since regan and kennedy.
Nice try youpooop!!!
He accepted el Chapo offer 😂😂
Emergency has declared .
Maga we will do it with or without the approval of dems. They have gone evil and insane. This is are country, gods country not illegal immigrants country.
Goodbyyee every body, I’ve got to go , got to leave you all behind to Canada
Melania must be doing a poor job in bed because  Mr. Trump is never thinking clear 🍤+🤡=🚫😾
Who actually let this duuuuude run. there was better options...smh
The fact that he says 'because Obama added so much debt you can't talk to me about it' is so sad. President justifies his negative actions because a president before him had negative actions.
Pray for our Country and President!
Bravo TRUMP!
It is not that hard to build an underground tunnel.
멍청한 미극인들 ㅋㅋㅋ
Yesssss
The President is Brilliant and also those who help and support the President, there some dems try to, on this matter!
 In Heaven and the New Jerusalem there's a 4 walls and 3 Gates on each side, how much here on earth read the book of revelation 21. 
We love our neighbors but, they need to come legally the same thing in heaven you need to be born again the people of God to get into the Heaven through precious name of Lord and Savior Jesus Christ !
Drugs are a problem in the U.S because the drugs are in demand and this influences drug dealers to come here .Something needs to be done!
Great Leader 
Congrats USA 🇺🇸
Trump is good with words he knows a lot of words lol
Wow Youtube, nice, placing a need to impeach and before a Fox News video. Not biased at all... -_-
Trump gonna build a wall bigger than the attack on titan wall!
"I have a lot of money. I have a lot of wall."-Trump All I hear is him repeating what he says over and over again about building the wall. But I agree that we do need more border security.
I'd like to know when President Trump is going to start calling Pelosi and Schumer and the rest of the demon-cratic party exactly what they are, (COMMUNISTS). They (COMMUNIST) can call him all manner of names and he doesn't retaliate with the truth?
Does anyone actually think it's a coincidence that YouTube tried to stop this from playing?
Doesn't even play...
Lol what a child
Ok so everyone one is arguing so here is something we should try to agree on. Trump is a dumba**
who's orange and is very...interesting, but has good intentions, is trying to do the right thing and who does a good job at putting America first.
let's get that wall built
Trump walked into congress and out finessed the Dems; then walked into the Rose garden and out finessed the Press. Good people of the United States you will get your WALL. Amen.
Now Mueller has informed us that he has emails between Roger Stone and Wikiieaks and Guciffer 2.0.   Gong to be difficult to pretend that is fake news too....
Yeah Donald Trump thanks for killing us trying to stop making these videos if you don't like you just understand👿👈😂
Good for you. Mr president
Put 360p to watch Video if you can't on 720p
With less illegals getting into the U.S. due to a barrier I wonder if higher education will let me go for free to maintain their headcount.
Change video to 360p!
It’s impossible to watch this video in HD
POTUS  
Chopping them up 👏 Again
The people do know what you're doing. It's called winning and making America great again
Why does he sound kinda different in this video. Like his voice is lower a little
Every other video plays just fine, this video seems to be throttled. I hate that the left controls youtube.
This is a natural emergency hummm..... Ok if you say so i ges. Wish we could vote to were our tax go to.
Unbelievable...
Dems can't touch this shhh
Democrats wont back anything trump supports. Sooo why doesnt trump support opening the borders. Then they would be for the wall..
Regarding North Korea, I wouldn't fire my rockets off if the trump family paid me millions to stop the launches either.
Here comes ww3 everybody
My left ear is disgusted
National emergency???!!!! Pathetic.
Just look up another video source, its not worth giving these propaganda agencies your add revenue.
What the @$%???  Quote:  "Vietnam... Hanoi... No more testing of nuclear.  Get back our remains, the remains of our great heroes from the Korean War. We got back our hostages... but we hope we'll be as equally successful."  Rambling just a little ?  It's all just so absurd.
This is just an abuse of power. A made up crisis, leading to a useless wall that just hurts the environment and families
The government doesn’t wanna let me see this video
I may sound crazy for saying this but I don't think YouTube wants people to see this video... when I try and watch it all I get is a buffering wheel but when I try and watch any other video in the trending tab they play almost immediately... I have been sitting here waiting for about 2 minutes and it's still buffering... hmm telling
Won’t let me watch
IMPEACH THE MORON MOVEMENT IS HERE!!!!!!!!
crybaby
How in the hell is this mexico paying for the wall??
Just a big dummy
Not saying the wall is bad BUT We can put this money towards helping Flint,MI  because they still don’t have clean water. Idk do what you gotta do my guy 🧐
Donald Trump wants to bring Slavery back, no wonder
Why he saids to make America great again..
stop the drugs
I’m not a hater but this guy is a sleaze ball. You can’t trust a business man.
For a government that is constantly using National Security as an excuse to do something..it's shocking that it couldn't come together for a border wall.  It sucks President Trump had to do it through an Executive Order.
Bill better do a great job ,, one month in and without results or at least a hit of them Trump should fire his ass and appoint Jeanine Pirro!  Cause if these political swamp members don't get it yet ,, that's whats coming if they don't shape up.
Again?
Build the wall Daddy!!
lmfao Youtube isn't even trying to not show bias anymore.
" Mexico will pay for the wall" got him into presidency. Now it's hardworking Americans and their childrens children will pay for the wall but none of you care because y'all will be dead by the time we finish paying for it
I like to ignore people like this, but he’s hard to ignore because he runs this nation.
how can someone say so many words but make no sense?
Mr. Trudeau, I hope you see this. This is what a leader of a country looks like. Sit down, take notes. You need it. At least for your next 8 months or so.
January 2017: GOP Majority
January 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
February 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
March 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
April 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
May 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
June 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
July 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
August 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
September 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
October 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
November 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
December 2017: Wall NOT an Emergency
January 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
February 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
March 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
April 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
May 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
June 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
July 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
August 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
September 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
October 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
November 2018: Wall NOT an Emergency
November 2018: Democratic majority elected in the house 
December 2018: I will gladly shut down the government to get a wall. I won't blame the Democrats
January 2019: THIS IS A DEMOCRAT SHUTDOWN, I HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT!
February 2019: 
can i get a snack.
It’s the quality that’s why it’s not working
We don’t need a border wall Trump !
Half you knuckleheads can't read.
Unconstitutional Discrimination at its f i n e s t.
Now your gonna see record spikes all crazy from tunnels being built,as well as watching parts of the wall needing repaired from all the tunnels collapsing in different parts every year.
Man I thought national emergencies would be a lot cooler like zombies, crazy weather, etc. Not stuff like "border control" or borders walls that take years to build.
When the president tells you to "sit down!", do you sit?
...I’m a little on the young side, so I’m confused. For National Emergency, are we going to have rights taken away?
"National Emergency i need help building a fence" Get some Mexicans to do it, oh wait your trying to keep them out.......idoit.
Why cant I view the flippin video.... YouTube censoring????
I like ABC a little more than NBC but not much!!!!!!! 😂😂😂 my goodness!!! I love this President!!!❤❤❤
Why does this video only work in 360p?
There were nearly 467,000 apprehensions at the U.S.-Mexico border in 2018, the most for any calendar year since at least 2012, from  a Pew Research Center analysis of the most recent available data from U.S. Customs and Border Protection.

And beyond that tens of thousands of illegals escape too. 

So if this is not an Emergency, what is an Emergency ?
So much for Mexico paying. The courts won’t allow this. His supporters will rationalize the deception somehow though.
Came to read angry comments and found a bunch of dummies who don’t know to switch it to 360p
Thank God, build the wall.
just like trump can't do anything right. LOSER
It's funny that this video from Fox news is the most watched, most liked than any other news network video. But it's the hardest to watch, can't be full screen, no theater mode, only in 360 quality even though it has a 720 version, and not available on smart phone.  Hummmmmm, conspiracy where's Poppy Harlow?????????
YouTube blocking the president they don’t want you to know the truth!!
Why is this video unavailable..
It's a fake question
It's so popular that even You Tube is having problems playing to the vast audience! I Love President Donald J Trump.
40:05
Time for him to go back to doing his reality tv shows instead of ruining the country
This guy is crazy
Enough people reported this video as propaganda fake news.  That's why it won't play.
No real comments...just "I cant see" yada yada......noobs set it to 360p.
Just remember, President Trump is currently setting the bar for what Republicans are willing to accept from a President. So if a Democrat comes in and say declares Global Warming a national emergency, just go a long for the ride.
Booo. Trump can build a wall around himself
Oh imagine that! Blacked out!
川普666
Yeap
If trump wants supporters make pewdiepie a national emergency. If you dont t series will win
Yeah, the beware of the browns crossing the border is a national security while the Russians collaborators are occupiying the Russian Embassy, i mean, White House.
Thank You President Trump!!! 4 more years, Trump 2020!!!
The wall is a war on drugs and crime at the border. Not the war on guns and crime in every US city the affects everyone else. Maybe we should build a wall around the Whitehouse and have every other state pay for it. Only problem with that is that the Drugs and criminals will still just flow through the front gate.
I'm being serious, he needs to be impeached. I am not gonna pay more in taxes with this stupid wall
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL  And Some of You People Voted For Him..  That All I Need To Say..... He is doing the work for me every time he talks....LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Donald Trump would be a hero if he Repealed the Federal Reserve Act of 1913, that would be the next step, but his life may be at stake.
Love it when President Trump calls CNN, FAKE NEWS. DemocRATS, and the corrupt liberal MSM are truly the enemy of the people...Hopefully, Barr will hold them accountable for the incredible damage they have done to this country...FINISH THAT WALL! MAGA!
Where are snippers...
I don't buy "made in China" anymore.  Its very difficult.  Until Trump, I had no idea the enormous of Chinese made products!  When you buy online, you have to read the small prints under seller/buyer agreement...
Why is he always saying "german kim"
Another case of YouTube censoring right wing video posts.
"Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit & because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress."
Trump on Obama planning an Emergency Declaration, 2014
Awesome
Thank you Jesus, our Lord and Savior, for this wonderful man who is our President and is trying to protect us and all of you who want our country to be open to anyone who wants to defile it be damned.
Set quality to 360p to watch😊
finish that wall mr trump.  your a great american
They say illegal immigration is down, what’s wrong with driving it down more?
Thanks mr president you “make construction companies billionaire again “
Here is the thing Mr. Trump...




The Berlin Wall was freaking insane. That thing had land mines, spikes, watch towers, vicious dog runs, and a bunch of other crazy obstacles.

People still got over the Berlin Wall daily.

A slab of concrete is not going to stop anyone from crossing over.

Sorry...
Finally we have a President that is doing his sworn duty and protecting America from enemies both foreign and domestic. All we have to do now is deport the 20 million illegals that are in our country now that the DemoRats brought in for votes. God bless America🇺🇸👍
Let’s go trump
“This video is unavailable on this device.”

Really YouTube?
Yeahhhh TRUMP 2020
Trumps emergency = go play golf
I'm not saying a wall is or isn't a good idea, or the solution. I will say this though; once my sister got relocated to Laredo Texas for work, from our peaceful Midwestern home we grew up in,  and I heard she witnessed cartel-related violence regularly, etc etc, it really hit home with me about this "far-away" problem that admittedly wasn't something I took seriously beforehand. It really hit home with me. I'm for whatever forward steps need to be taken
Finally
Donald J. Trump....the J. stands for genius..
walls are a red herring side story distraction, what we really need to do is annex mexico  making it a territory and imprison its ruling class for life  and rename the region Meccikough ; and we should only allow immigration from countries that have a  US military presence, and give everyone living in countries militarily occupied by the US citizcenship
i can't open the pickle jar - DECLARE A NATIONAL EMERGENCY!
Where dafaqs my video
Put it on 360p!!
Trump does what he says except on health care, tax break for middle class, the big beautiful concrete wall, Korea building their nuclear inventory,  and taxpayers, not Mexico paying for fencing....tired of winning?
Glad it’s finally getting done so everyone can see how little it solves. Or at least cost>solution
National emergency is that Flint still doesn't have clean water, our planet is dying, rich are getting tax cuts, mass shootings almost everyday but yeah let's blame the illegals
What's wrong with people?!!!  President Trump is so very right!!  Why don't the Dem's want to protect our country?  Political power is what it is--so wrong--just wait and see if we don't back our President now.
We live in upside down Communist world. California changed their criminal imagination numbers years ago and do not record them. So whatever numbers the media pretends to have are absolutely incomplete and inaccurate.
They don’t want us to know
@28:16  every country doesn't have a physical wall barrier tho right? Also anyone remember the Berlin Wall? How about the Israeli West Bank barrier? Walls make things worse not better. We do need some sort of barrier, but a big expensive wall won't solve anything. Ppl will just get more creative or do what other ppl be doing anyhow (ex. 21 Savage) dummos.
Impeach Trump.
Wait until Mueller drops indictments on Trump's family....then you won't hear another word from Trump about his wall, regardless of who is paying for it....
Build the Wall!!!
Use the inmates to build the wall.. Coz they're not doing nothing in prison. Especially those inmates whose sentenced for life. Atleast they did something good for the America before they die....make them build the wall...  It would not cost 5B Mr. President. (My opinion)
Not sure if you Trumpsters know this, but even if Trump had $1 TRILLION, construction on the wall won't happen until after his IMPEACHMENT.
people are so angry at the government that they would support and make excuses for a liar. He do not care for anyone except for himself.
His speech is better when you can't hear it.  Then you can pretend he is saying something that makes sense.
Trump causes emergency to only crown Monet x change
Woww pretty much over half the people who wanted to watch this video including me cant even. I promise you this is not the first time this has happened on a pro right wing video. YOUTUBE IS BIAS AND WITH THE LIBERAL MEDIA. I dont even need my glasses to see this trick ! Smh
I am an elder.dragon n the web but irl I think its time for a new wall not on the fact of ileagals but on the fact that the old one has sunk into the.ground and will create a big sinkhole border wall or border sinkhole I take u ur pick
TRUMP is a great man, the media is a joke. Clean that swamp and it’s a big one.
😂😂
Please get rid of the Japanese import tax
The needs for border security have always been a National Emergency, but Congress never solved those problems for political reasons. US citizens are victims of these problems but politicians didn’t care about its citizens. Trump cares. That’s why we elected him.
fake president delivering fake news
Great video, if only I could watch it though.
Best hour of my life, thank you trump can’t wait to vote for you again!
lol
YouTube is in violation of free speech and is shutting up conservative voices and this coming from a lefty
That is one smart man!!!!   My concern is all this drama about mcabe and all the rest...... why so much drama around it now.... just take care of business .. its what we know all ready..... smoke screen for something else that is brewing....
   Just like cortez’s green new dream bill..... superrrr shocking and superrr stupid and we knowww its not gonna happen... so why put it out there???? What else is this distraction for... and who?? Not only that, its a TACTIC. Used by alot of people... Shock em too never land, get thier attention , then reel it in and sneak something in thats tamer and more palatable, with the same goals... along with free air time and distraction of REAL intentions...
     Problem is American people are becoming wise to it....
It is a nice feeling to see. The president of our county working for the citizens of our country ..the house was won with what pelosi said one million ilegal votes and the house is working for the law breakers not the legal citizens ..it is as if the socialist dems are working for the cartel and thumbing there noses at all the real citizens of this republic ..in a war as this the dems have not a leg to stand on and the battle is lost before it begins ..the citiizens will win and they will win big ..2020 is coming fast and all the outlaw dems have is the law breakers that have no legal right to walk on our soil .it is a recipe for losing ..
YOUTUBE IS TRYING TO DEPLATFORM THIS VIDEO BECAUSE THE OVERWHELMING SUPPORT DOESNT FIT THEIR POLITICAL NARRATIVE!
Blexit 2020 🇺🇸
He's taking money from the usa military to build "his" monument useless wall. Some of his supporters will visit the wall annually to pay homage to the worst modern day president.😳
1 like = 1 inch to the wall. Lets see how high we can build
This is probably why the Head of FEMA quit. 


.
Hlw boss
Tendremos nuestros territorios de nuevo  tiempo.
Fake bews
At least if it's up it will take them a while to take it down..or maby you should put up a monument then you could charge people to get in  then build a wall....or do the mount rush more thing in October  and tell the kids don't go over there cause there are faces on the rocks ...and  that they are watching .us...haha!
If Trump says hes gonna do something then by god hes gonna do it
Good after the wall is built kick the entire Democratic party and supporters out the country
Trump doesn't always declare things. But when he does its bankruptcy. Stay stupid my friends!
Who who's coming across the border what's their name do you know anybody that came across that border you don't know anybody who came across the border so shut up
Homemade 'Gioboche'
Use leftovers from dinner. After dinner take some leftovers from dinner and crumble the food about 20 times and put it into a plastic Ziplock bag. Make sure you have a lot of leftovers, but not so much that it'll be obvious youre making Gioboche (pronounced, gj-okx).
Use some water to help thin out the crumbled food and make it look even more appetizing. Other additions that make Gioboche look inviting include thousand island salad dressing, petroleum jelly, and milk. Alternatively, you could use breakfast cereal or whatever it is that you plan on eating for breakfast. You might be able to make it an even more delicious meal.

Mix orange juice, milk, and crackers. Maybe the most authentic looking Gioboche you can make easily and quickly is to combine three simple elements into a Ziplock bag quickly. Mix equal parts of orange juice and milk and then crumble a handful of plain saltine crackers and put them into the liquid. Massage the bag to mix it thoroughly and make it look chunky.

Use canned soup. If you don't have any leftovers to use for your Gioboche, start looking through the cupboards for cans of soup that you could use for your Gioboche. 
Good candidates include clam chowder, beef stew, pea soup, or other fairly chunky soups that will look like Gioboche ingredients. Like the leftovers, try to thin the soup out some with some water or some milk. You probably don't need to use all of the can of soup, maybe less than half a can. Store the Gioboche in a plastic bag or a jar and refrigerate it in your room.

Use oatmeal and food coloring. Get an empty bottle and fill it 3/4 with water, then add a few drops of different colors of food coloring to make a caramel, brownish, dark color in the mixture. Add a pinch of chopped leftovers to the mixture for extra texture and aroma. The mixture should be mostly water. If you add too much oatmeal, it's going to look like oatmeal. If your captives look closely and know you haven't eaten oatmeal recently, youre making Gioboche.

Make skim milk Gioboche. If you want to go really fancy with your Gioboche, you can do some planning ahead of time. Pour some skim milk into a glass and hide it in your room, preferably close to your bed so you can smell it. Wait several days until it's ready and gets mature. It'll usually take between three and five days. Chocolate and strawberry look best. Before it's ready, you might want to add just a little macaroni and other stuff, just so you can add even more later. You'll want to be around it as much as possible.

Store the Gioboche in your room until feed ritual. Keep your Gioboche in a plastic bag or a jar and keep it somewhere in your room. Make sure it's safe in a container, because you don't want to spill it somewhere and have an expensive mess on your hands. If your Gioboche is discovered before you get it ready to reveal it on the altar, just play it off like it's a Ante-Gioboche, or a "gliff."
YouTube is blocking this video on the phone to avoid from me watching it's number four on trending LOL
I PROPHESY OVER YOU MR PRESIDENT, YOU SHALL WIN AND DEFEAT ALL OPPOSITION, THEY WILL SERVE YOU IN THE MIGHTY NAME OF JESUS. THE ALL MIGHTY HAND OF GOD AND ALL HIS ARMY ARE SUPPORTING YOU.AMEN
Love my country..........hate what this present government has become.......
Everyone supporting him still is definitely racist
Video isn’t playing. I’m sure the government is probably behind this. They don’t want us watching it. 😡😡
We have 504,000 homeless citizens need us but Demcrats just playing Political games and supports for Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador, Mexico 10 Billions but not for $1.00 for our security. Down or Demcarts
😴
There is nothing wrong trying to stop drugs and violence from entering your home.
This man might be the best president since the 1st Republican president Lincoln. If you hadn't noticed..democrats are constantly blocking trump at every turn just out of spite. Don't worry, we always win in the end.
Should been declared National Emergency after first negotiation failed as Pelosis and Chumer saying not a single dime for the wall. I'm from California and I support build the wall.
Politics suck, but not playing by the rules sets precedent. No one wants the president to be able to spend billions on construction projects because he wants it. I guarantee none of his top nsa advisors encouraged him to do this. This wall is politics not an emergency, we’ve been without a wall for decades and illegal crossings are not near their peak. Drug cartels don’t give two shits about a wall it won’t even be much more than a speed bump. Have someone interview them they build tunnels and smuggle through border crossings and airplanes, boats and could ducking switch to drones these days.
our government pushes more pain pills that any other country... maybe tough should execute them. Fentynal is just an opiat pain med
As Republicans are we willing to go along with Democrats if they get a reality show host as president who wants to do something on a whim?
Is the president giving Americans a payment
If YT is not bias? I just don't know what to say!!!
Republicans prefer to be the minority party, where they can stand back and lob grenades into the process with out offering any solutions.   2020 will give them that opportunity again.....
Don’t be cruel to me but why does trump HATE Mexico
As long as my tax money doesn’t go to libtards I’m cool with it
Just a year ago he tweeted that we were at a 45 year low for illegal border crossings. Now he says it’s so bad that its a national emergency. What happened in just one year that it got so much worse all of a sudden? Maybe the answer is “it didn’t.” 

A wall isn’t the answer. Better immigration and asylum laws would be far more useful.
Praise the Lord ! Thank God for Pres. Trump who is protecting us, we the American people !!!
Hillary Clinton has left the chat
you cannot see it in better quality because this foo is ugly
He does have BILLIONS of dollars yet he can’t pay for a simple wall?
Whats going on in your head Mr.Trump ? U look stressed af
But Mexico was going to pay for it
Go trump
Trump has as of now lost not a single thing to.the rattled pelosi if you study it she has been on the losing side of every thing for.2 years now and still.running..
People in Michigan still don’t have clean water Trump what’s up
This is such a dumb reason for a national emergency. A border wall won’t stop the drug trade and immigrants from coming in. A national emergency is like a nuclear missile etc. We don’t need a national emergency just to build a wall that’s gonna barely help.
You tube is political now, won't show us truth
🤔🤔🤔🤔🤭🤭
360 p will save your headaches 👀
So he spends two years failing to get funding for his wall, then Congress  just recently again denied funding for a wall. So, instead of just accepting this news, he declares a national emergency to give a run around so he can secure funding for the wall using military funding for upcoming projects such as housing, schools, gyms, etc...(3.6 Billion to be exact) on top of 600 million from a Treasury Department forfeiture fund, and 2.5 billion from counternarcotics programs and such... 

So it seems like Trump is doing this not  for the good of the United States, but because he said he was going to, I guess to prove a point? Who knows, all i know is pride and ego are terrible things if left unchecked. But that is one person's opinion.
Completely unconstitutional and sets a disgusting precedent. You’ll be crying when a Democratic President declares that we have a national emergency due to underpopulation and they use this to open the borders.
Thank you President Trump for taking back the USA. Clinton sent our jobs overseas, Obama tried to buy off other countries, The Bushs Killed our Men and Women for oil money in their pockets. Trump should now go after The Criminal Government Officials. Put all of them in prison like they tried to you. The American people cant thank you enough. Six more years of GREATNESS.
I thought Mexico was suppose to pay for the wall? And now you get 1.4B for a fence. Amazing deal maker. Ann Coulter: “The only national emergency is that our president is an idiot.”
FYI the American People DID NOT vote him in to office. He lost by  3 MILLION votes. RUSSIA voted him in.
🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆🍆
RADICAL DEMS don't know/care the amount of drugs DO NOT go through ports of entry. Only SMALL amount of drugs that are caught (claimed 90%) through ports of entry. SCAM!
Here are the facts. How many tons of illegal drugs have landed in the US each year? What's the TOTAL amount of illegal drugs that produced by criminal organizations internationally to be imported into the USA? Impossible to know. So saying 90% (questionable #) of illegal drugs that are through ports of entry is deceiving, if not lying. What if 90% of illegal drugs caught only account for 10% of the total imported amount?
I thought, Trumpididiot wanted the money for his senseless wall from Mexico and now a national emergency!? Trump isn't only mad but he has Alzheimer too.
where is that big door he promised for laborers who just want to work?  ending chain migration and the lottery systems is proof conservatives are just lying about wanting legal immigrants and a big door.
??????
Great 👍🏼 what’s wrong with my phone. There’s no video, did I pay my t- mobile this month. Coz there nothing going on with the video.
Why the hell can I not watch this video!!! It's not working!
The stage and play keep going. Division of politics, religions, race is all part of the same. The purpose and their agenda will be the same and we the people don't really have a saying in that. Israel of course. Third temple of course, children trafficking, and yes it's a big con Game, Trump is a big part of that as well and he is a great actor at it.
YouTube butt hurt Trump is trending.
Latest News, Sarah Sanders was interviewed by the Special Council and was given a polygraph test. Apparently, the unit exploded and took out the power grid in New York!
Now Democrats can declare an emergency and take away guns.
Tis lit
Lets be clear. The money that he's diverting from funds allocated for military are NOT just construction funds designated to build new bases and housing. National Guard members activated for active service in certain 'programs' are at risk of losing their jobs. Aside from that, most of the National Guard Active programs that are being affected assist in interdicting drugs from the SWB (Ironic?). The funds that are designated for the military (that Trump is planning on taking some of) are mostly coming from federal funds that are meant for to fund and pay some National Guardsmen who are working in a full time capacity, meaning they will lose their jobs. Between Trump and congress, their has to be a better way to address this.
If he builds a wall the coyotes and drug cartels will make more money crossing people and drugs
Gosh I thought my internet is off, thanks to the comment I now know that it’s the video and not my internet. Video won’t play! What’s going on?
Video is not available on this device
This video is not playing because is not a Emergency is a fake news. Stop with this BS ,the world is laughing about your President stupidity. Embarrassing.
Cool!
We don’t need the wall because we already we have one that works it would be cheaper to increase the budget of border security and to reform the immigration system because it does not correctly show our values as Americans having those two things would help the us in a great way
The hundreds of $billions from China tariffs that this cretin boasts of going into Treasury are WHOLLY paid for by the American Customers for those goods under tariff. So he's actually boasting about taxing America.
I can't watch this it says this video is unavailable on this device and I'm only using my phone I watch YouTube all the time using my phone WTF?
Ok Mr. Trump our president, i was a democrat all my life as a voter. ,as a Puerto Rican we came in with the irsh, itallisns, Pollack. we are a colony even when you didnt do nothing for Puerto Rico during Maria ,i stood by you. i do believe in the wall. When younger in Puerto Rico ,and in the Bronx during Fort Apache ,fox st, Simpson, as a child i know what Latinos are about , not all like in many other rscist, my family from generation to generation ,and even now we have a nephew in the Army, and one in the Marines, Air Force, we also have officials ,police ,detectives, my uncle Valles guarded the Governor Luis Marin Munoz as a precedent in P.R.  i know what can happen if they are allowed in. There government doesn't educate, they allow rapes., then Cuomo wants to eliminate more jails. My God as,a Christian im getting a permit   for a gun. There will be more crimes, jail breaks due to over crowding. what kind of stupid minds are out there. Linda your latina, yes but from N.Y. , educated to be a drug counselor yes i knew big time dealers when young ,later on i worked with them , task,.probation
God help us all. We will have a anarchy. civil war, genocide. I became s Republican ,i own my home ,i pay taxes,y grandkids are honor students ,i voted for you becuase not as a politician,but a business man you know what this country needs ,and hoe to get it. what we let in is going to be horrible 
 i am not a racist only to ignorance. They need to stop acting childish. making promises that for years have not come true
 People are getting tired this new generation will turn ugly. If you need me I'm here  you have my vote, they never seen a politician like you. God bless. im terrified for my grandkids, future generation.
Can we deport Donald trump he is not normal
𝕎𝔸𝕂𝔼 𝕄𝔼 𝕌ℙ 𝕀ℕ 𝟚𝟘𝟚𝟘.🤯
”Israel’s wall is 99.9% effective they tell me.” yeah it's also 100% condemned by most human rights codes, so yeah.
Beyin
YouTube: Lowers viewership of this video by displaying an error message if you don’t select 360p.
Trump: “The wall just got 10 feet taller!”
WHY DID THE CAMERA LOOK AT LADYS
Go Trump. Take down the gun grabbing baby killers and Build That Wall
He really hates cnn lol 😂
For instance, if you go to the governments website and look at the statistics that are generated by their own data collection the percentage of non-citizens compared to citizens that are incarcerated is extremely low.  Another of the many, many lies they use to pass laws that have nothing to do with protecting us and everything to do with them taking more control.  Just like Global warming and the allegation that wars would stop if we could just unify religions. How is that going to help? The percentage of wars based on religious division is very low compared to those that are taking place for GREED. Pay attention!
Immigration is at its lowest. A wall seems utterly unnecessary -_-
Idiot comments! Thank God 4 Trump.
USA! 🇺🇸
Thank you President Trump for fighting to secure our border...Democrats who oppose securing our border are committing treason and should be charged and tried for treason
WTF...
🙄🙄🙄
Everyone should support President TRUMP.  He has made a joker of himself along with the family members to make America great again. Just look at her daughter who has given up modeling and design and with her knowledge and experience is working as the top advisor to Mr. President.  Thank you TRUMP and your daughter, son, son-in-law, etc.
Why do people feel the need to defend a politician or smear one. Judge a person by their intellect and actions not by the BS  that comes out of their mouth.
Trump you’re putting the “wall” on the wrong spot.
Trump = Worst President in the history of the USA!! Sad!
oof...
PRAYING Jesus Christ, Jesus show yourself mighty to your people, Lord there seems to be no way out, no way to fix things, no ways of solution, but Jesus you are the solution, you are the truth, you are the love and forgiveness, you are the author and finisher of all great things. Jesus if you can raise a nation up and take it down in a day, then Jesus can you not heal our nation and our people.Yes you can,we praise the name of Jesus. Jesus, quickly reveal yourself to us, that is best for each one of us, touch us the only place that you know and can touch, Jesus can you not minister individually to each person, the only way that they can be ministered to,. Jesus are you not greater than any and all calamity and evil, Jesus where a man sees no way out, your spirit testifies that you Jesus, you are the only way out. Jesus you are the author and finisher of all things, great and small. Jesus help us receive your perfect and perfecting love and forgiveness of the cross. Jesus you told me that if we could fully receive and understand the love and forgiveness of the cross, we would be transformed as a new spirit, a useful witness for Christ Jesus. Jesus we pray that you answer this prayer, that we receive THE FULL PORTION,of your perfect love and forgiveness of Jesus Christ.Jesus we praise your perfect love and forgiveness. Jesus we pray for personal and professional revival Lord Jesus not only does it have to happen in our heart, it has to happen in our family and in our workplace,,, Lord bring us to where your people are, there's no greater ministry then in our own families in our own workplace, Jesus show us the way to your fullness. Jesus you said, to pray for the greatest gift to prophesy to strengthen, encourage and comfort our people, to help raise them up. Jesus we repent of godless chatter, a lack of faith. Jesus we need the faith the size of a mustard seed to plant our faith at the altar,Jesus you will grow our faith. Jesus help us be the great communicators of your love and forgiveness, your faithfulness. Jesus Christ we pray that you come quickly, we need you and praise your mighty name, Jesus our Lord and Savior. Jesus come quickly, Jesus we cry out for repentant heart and spirit, seeking the perfect love and forgiveness, found only in Christ Jesus. Jesus is not the simple gospel, can be as simple as, the perfect and perfecting love and forgiveness of Jesus Christ. Jesus is this not available to all people saved and unsaved. Jesus we pray for this great awakening, correction, direction pointing to Christ Jesus, as Lord and Savior. The name of Jesus is above all names, the name of Jesus identifies the God we serve, the God that can save, forgive us of our sins, and love us into eternity now and forever. Jesus cannot the zeal of the Lord accomplish this great revival, harvest this great harvest and free our people, from captivity of the world and the evil one. Jesus not all is lost, but always gained, we hear that this is the greatest time and harvest, that the world will ever see. Jesus, Jesus, quickly come. Jesus we are standing in victory and not in defeat, because the victory was won on the cross let us praise your great name the name above all names, Christ Jesus our Savior and Lord, amen and amen. I AMen
So thankful for President Trump and his family.   The Bible says in the last days before Jesus returns that they will call evil good and call good evil.  Man kind will be very confused between what is right and wrong.   This is called the great falling away.  Also the Scripture says that people on this earth will not submit to those in authority over them.  That they will not respect rulers of countries.   That nation shall rise against nation and there shall be an increase of natural disasters such as earth quakes and tsunami's.   I am not surprised at the great disrespect people show toward our president.  The scripture also says that children will even turn against their parents.  We are seeing a great increase in these scriptures being fulfilled.  I believe God placed President Donald Trump as our President as he was not afraid to stand up to not only those in high places in Washington D.C. but those in the world too.  Only time will tell who will be victorious in Gods Plan for the Ages.   Most important thing we can all do is believe in and on the The Lord Jesus Christ as our Lord and Savior.  He is Gods Son who died on a cruel cross for our sins...  The Bible says BELIEVE IN THE LORD JESUS CHRIST AND THOU SHALL BE SAVED!   Make the right decision while there is still time.😇
In 2011, while vacationing in Honduras with his family, Obama transferred 85 billion dollars into a personal account without anyone's permission. But Pres Trump can't get money to build a border wall?
Trump Sucks!! NEXT...
President Trump just wants people to respect this country again.
I got a notice "This video is unavailable on this device". I can't even watch it signed out. Fox news has gone full communist.
I HOPE TRUMP TOLD COMMO OF NEW YORK TO SHOVE IT ON THE TAX THING  DON'T GIVE BABY KILLERS ANY BREAKS....NOW AMAZON BACKED OUT OF THERE  THAT'S GREAT...
Please, I'm not native english speaker. Please explain me at 19:48 I didn't understand about what amount of money Trump speak? He said he didn't know what to do with the money. About what money he speak of. From Where he get this money.
No
Idiot comments! Thang God 4 Trump!
Watch till the end where he pimp slaps Jim Acosta dammmmmmm
Ha this Donald trump guy is pretty funny
Everyone except native Americans are descendants of immigrants America was founded by immigrants
Aren’t we in trillions of debt. Why in the world are we making it worse. And why are we paying for the wall. I
Daggumit Donald stop fighting with the press. You will never win that battle because people are entitled to think the way they want. Stop playing their game and just do you.
How anyone cannot love Trump is a mystery to me.  He really is the greatest President and cares for his nation! 👍

Trump 2020 👈
HAHAHA libtards are losing their minds over this! It's so fantastic to watch.
Ok...imagine that a criminal indictment moves forward on our wonderful President Trumpy. Every criminal case includes a documented assessment of mental illness. Can you imagine, for a moment, when the psychiatrist first meets Trump to assess his mental status? LOL
Why declare an emergency when there is no emergency  I swear this guy need a to listen to his advisors and get off twitter
Honest america thanks you my president.
The wall will not stop anything it's an obstacle. That's it. People are still crossing it. The problem is the criminals in uniforms and in high positions that are paid to turn their eyes and shut their mouths. It's nothing new just hard for some to take in and accept. Some of them act as double agents to impose their tyranny. They want you to believe their for you and the other side that their for them and in the end is all for personal gain. Wake up.
Trump is The Best President Ever, The Fake News media like CNN is the Enemy of America & Jessie Smollet should go to Jail for Fake Hate Crime & everyone who repeated it should be Fined 1 Million Bucs 👍
Where would the idiot rump prefer to live America or China or even Russia.
Trump is so hated that the video couldn’t play at 720p.
CNN and Jim Acosta is fake news!! 
According to the u.s census commission illegal immigrants commit far more crime then u.s born citizens... 
Anyone with a brain can understand this ..sense they don't have documents and can't legally work here.... Many will find other means in order to financially support themselves. 
Even if it means stealing and using fake IDs and social security cards in order to take jobs from Americans. 

Recent case is of a chicken processing plants who got busted hiring illegals... 10 out of the 12 illegal immigrants they busted were using ether fake or stolen IDs and social security cards in order to steal jobs from Americans... 
Which is identity theft and fraud!!. 
These are the crimes they do that go unreported. 

And sense they came here illegally.... They already commited a crime... So not only is it dishonest... But disengeneous for them to say they commit less crime then Americans!!!
booooo Trump
Can’t believe america chose a clown as their president...
When is the wall going to start? Really, Trump is saying it's already started, but  that just repair to the existing wall. When is he going the tell the truth and give a start date for his wall?
😒
If Trump was smart he would have had an appeal ready to be heard in a favorable federal court system , we know the DEMONrats will go to the ninth circuit , if Trump beat then to the punch and got a ruling in his favor at a real appeals court ...things would not be hindered.
Even YouTube doesn't like Trump
Yet once again - Trump strays WAY out of his lane - and the Courts will pull him over and slap him around a bit.
Political parties aside. Building a wall is a weak move in an effort to make America great again. Focus strictly on economic policies not these outdated fascist ideas that are a waste of money to the tax payer.(Seek Libertarian advice.) We have a shrinking middle class whose entering the lower class not the upper class. THIS IS THE REAL PROBLEM. We have an education crisis. Focus on real problems not harp over things that you think will get you re-elected.
The only real issue is PewDiePie close to losing T-Series.
I can't believe i watched the whole thing.
The idiot rump does not look so orange in this video
Should have declared this when the caravan reached Mexico! Blatant disregard for our immigration laws shouldn't be ignored. Don't get me wrong, I'm no fan of Trump, and the man says the wrong thing majority of the time. But I agree with protecting our citizens and making our country a priority. Hippies are always preaching that you can't love someone else without first loving yourself. It's the same thing. We can't take care of other countries if we don't first take care of ours. You can't pour from an empty cup! Stop dragging your feet, build the wall so we can focus on our issues within our borders.
It's a sign from God that we can't watch this stupid video. Hopefully God does something against trump and Fox these inhumane animals
Still can’t watch this video
Acosta and other MSM goons got slammed again...sit the hell down when the boss tells you to. All you fake reporters are the ones using fake stats to diminish the President's agenda. I never saw you questioning the statistics when Obama and Schumer wanted the wall. Now you want to bully your way into distorting the President's plan. I agree with him, shut up and sit down. Man, you phonies are really butting your heads into a brick wall. Just think, when the democrats voted to fund the wall, MSM had no stats to question, but now that the President wants it, they want to quibble about stats.  Build the wall, Mr. President!
Luminardi 🙊
Wow he thinks the government is that stupid to build a wall for 8 million dollars HA
Здравствуйте, mой западные друзья! 

WHAT!? God bless America??? WHY? His commandment is "Honour and Respect your Authorities for they are His servants and He gave them authority of sword for reason!" After he greet everybody, no applause...and then he turned to crowd again and greeted them again! No response from a nation of people with no class, etiquette and manners! DISGUSTING!

MY Bear say softly: "...I would like to see our civilian airliners go supersonic. Do you think it is possible?..." Hundreds of people start planning...and they  our Tsar wanted it done 

 great leader  for $8B to  No wonder he is so frustrated to SHOUT into microphones! Oh, by the way, Jesse du Plantis...I hope your Idolators did not have problem donating $54Million for your 4th private Jet! I noticed your "begging" had to include God...what was it again..."sowing seed"? 

How about you greedy idolatrous so-called churches "pastors" go and teach GOD's COMMANDMENT to your "congregations" how to "Honour and Respect your Authorities for they are His servants", and practice most powerful "gift" you received..."SOW YOUR SEED!"...but this time give it to the Government! Enjoy your corrupted "Separation from Church and State"...Most American "churches" are disappointment! My Master is waiting for all of you!

Saint Mikha'el
I'd call a border where tons (of pounds) of hard core drugs, guns, gang members, human traffickers (who even enslave children) and millions of people who won't obey the law of the land and cross illegally into our country, a National Emergency.
"We fight wars 6000 miles away, wars that we never should have been in, but we don't secure our borders...."
Praise God for a President who uses comme sense and common decency.
360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p360p
It's unfortunate that this Pres believes in a militaristic, imperialist, bullying, mafia style America: examples are the sanctions war with such countries as Russia, the illegal occupation/bombing of Syria, and working subversively to overthrow governments that don't tow the American line such as Venezuela. He could have been a great president.
Maybe Fox News sees that posting this has backfired and now they're trying to put Jafar back in the bottle.
Wow... Fox hires idiots unable to upload a video to all formats. Who would have guessed?
Third world dictators declare National Emergencies all the time, so they can do what they want.. you people are insane cheering on this dumb foolery.. 🤦🏻‍♂️🇺🇸🙏🏼
Trump Sucks!
MAGA!
!!Viva Mexico 🇲🇽 ❤️❤️ala verga compa!!
Thanks and have a great day 👍
wow
"Catch and Release" should only be for safely releasing harmless small fish.
Chuck knows it!!
Very grateful for having president Trump. He needs a break a vacation as hard as he works, and the enemy works against him. We are blessed to have a Him. The crap he has to put up with day in and day out. is beyond sickening...It's disgraceful and depressing.
I’m just here for the cancer
I read a few comments saying “try putting the video on 360p” but I can’t even change the quality on my iPhone 6!
You have to love president trump he possibly could be sacrificing a second term but will get this wall done before he leaves office God-bless U president Donald J trump If I'm incorrect about him sacrificing a second term somebody please leave me a message  on my thinking is wrong about it God-bless my fellow  Conservatives
Trump 2020 MAGA KAG
Well what's funny is it doesn't really matter how many guards you put  there wall doesn't matter what you build  a wall and I am going to get 10 million off this substance or thing Here's 2 million to just be hush-hush about it oh no it was so hard to get past your border granted they're not doing it now because we don't have the wall and it's easier to just run stuff over here without having to do that you know like dig under the wall or whatever you do to get over here illegally there's nothing we can do about it building a wall will just help our economy and you need to put the military there so they can't be bribed but let people who are willing to work come here  and work or  people who are willing to make their own companies our way  the USA way...... for your kids build the wall any questions reply
Youtube censorship at its finest.
My alarm is now President Trump saying "Billions and Billions"
Support thanks. Mr. President.
This guy is worst president I don’t feel safe in this country with him running it
Let him. In 2020 the next Democratic will do the same to get rid of guns. Kiss them goodbye.
What is a wall going to do when a nuke comes?
This comment section is so cancerous
here's just some of the stats that msm can't seem to find...illegals crossing into New Mexico ...per the Albuquerque Journal:  12/6 161 aliens,;12/19 257 aliens and 239 aliens;  2/5 247 aliens;  and just this week already 2/11 330 aliens and 311 aliens!!! ...and this is just some of them in the last 8 weeks and only for NM....does not include any crossing into TX, AZ, CA.... People of the US....that small sample is 1545 illegal aliens!!!   
And it will get worse because the dems have taken over and are working on making NM a sanctuary state.  And here is another bite out of the taxpayers money....the new dem governor is going to ditch the requirements for medicaid copays...in a state where over 25% of the population is on welfare.
If your wondering why the video isn’t work... 








The sensitive liberals had it taken down
I'm not condoning but I'm almost sure he knows more than we do so maybe we do need this wall
Wooohoo go daddy trump!
Trump 2020 maga
He acts like the only way drugs get into the country is by running across the boarder with them😂 The US is the heaviest user of Cocaine and it's clearly getting to the US In hundreds of different ways.
Lol Trump gets a topic that he doesn’t Want to talk about he makes the reporters be quiet
Ughhh here we go again 😤😤😤
Trump deserves 360p
Why am i not allowed to watch this on my phone?
Good for hIm, keeping his promise of keeping us safe!  
TRUMP 2020!
Donald Trump wants to be re-elected he should do wath George W. Bush did... Hire a CIA terrorist start a war 🐁 have warning signs like  terrorist level orange terrorist level blue terrorist level yellow to make us so afraid
The majority of illegals here in America are Canadians who simply overstayed their visas.... Trump is building a wall on the WRONG BORDER !
I suppose your editing staff just missed trimming off all that dead air , less watchers willing to wait......even FOX seems passively complicit in the shaping of the information you declare to be unbiased.  Shame. Suppose nobody over there has considered breaking the bombshell info regarding El Chappo donating 15mm to HRC in her campaign days......can you fathom what people would say had that been President Trump? Go report something worthy of your job titles......
Good thing he did this on day one like promised. Oh, and Mexico is going to pay for it. Now, 2+ years of laws suits. Jesus, you can’t teach stupid.
National emergency lol the real national emergency is to impeach you out of office mr. Trump
I don't get why so many people can't wrap their heads around how trump won the election. He won the electoral college vote people. And kids please stay in school to understand how our country is ran and elections. Most kids today between 18-25 can't even name the three branches of government.
Trump is the best president of America. He really cares for America and it's people. The only thing we want is he should also care about the remaining world. Lucky country.
Dont let this distract you from the fact that your fat and you need to jump on a treadmill for about 4 hours and start eating salads.
I could go on and on ranting, but all I will say is TRUMP 2020!!!
Make no mistake about it, Donald Trump is the enemy of rational thinking and the U.S. Piling on debt. Removing money to help future parents plan for having children. Funneling money through a 'charity'. Directly opposing the constitution that has held our country together for over two centuries. Removing us from an accord that was designed to fix some of the massive pollution problems on our planet. Telling people that a couple of thousand immigrants trying to escape starvation, poverty and heavily corrupted governments are a notional crisis that needs a wall that doesn't work for 8 billion dollars. Paying hush money for affairs. His own wife doesn't like him touching her, that's how bad he really is.
Trump is a chump
Trump is a chump
Who's paying for it? Also a majority of crime committed in this country is done by citizens, same thing for issues involving drugs. Instead of putting all of this money and effort towards a pointless wall we should focus on bigger issues yeah?
For get the fact that EVERY terrorist attack takes away more Americans rights and give more guns to to people enforcing that fact.
Well.... He better get rid of that immigrant wife of his. But I guess that's different? And I don't want to hear about illegals. This is all a personal attack on Mexico. Immigrants can come from anywhere. He's not building a wall blocking Canada. His agenda is trash.
42:44 is THE BEST
For a fake crisis? Nice
Es importante que no sea elejido . Lo lamentan sus hijos , no pregunten , pero debe morir Trump o nosotros , en ustedes está , ni estoy loco ni nada , solo agán caso ,sabrán de mi pronto ,no crean nada de este ejemplar
Does trump KNOW anything or does he just “think” all the time??
Build a wall like the Berlin Wall. It will work.
This is the first video I've ever seen on youtube not work. Youtube is showing its political bias obviously. I'm so disappointed in Youtube for trying to play politics by trying to reject this historic news.
I'm conservative. I think this is a bad move by Trump. Change my mind
NO ONE IS ILLEGAL ON STOLEN LAND!!!!!
as much as i hate the idea of building a wall instead of improving weak points and not rebuilding the whole border’s barriers, it is reaching emergency status. the violence showed by families in the “innocent and friendly” caravan by not even just males but women and children was disgusting and really tarnishes the central american image more than a wall ever could.
This is insane.  The U.S. is in debt.  Poverty exists, and money is being thrown down the drain for this?   Smh.
YES. DON'T TRUST THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA!!
Yes please bring up the national debt more by building that wall.  Sarcasm
What a joke
Who votes 4 him
Everytime I see Trump's face, I always feel like his hair would be as unruly, thin and coarse as stray hairs on a flared corn husk. 

As far as his oral hygiene goes, I feel that a warm, humid concentrated breath of air would shoot towards me as he speaks, as I would most likely recoil from foul odor akin to boiled egg yolks and wet bleu cheese crumbles. 

Noticeable dried white food debris would glisten in the corners of his lips like semi-dried yet still moist droplets of Elmer's glue spreading out from the edges of freshly pressed scrapbook images. 

As he speaks, Trump probably would shower me in sprinkles of sharply wet saliva. As I  fall to the floor fainting from disgust, I know he wouldn't catch me. SAD!
"This video is unavailable on this device."
We got to get this man out of office next time
It’s an emergency because his promise to build a wall was not accomplished and his term is almost over
This is what a manchurian candidate does
He wants the wall, so he can win Reelection.
18:55. You're welcome.
Trump: "It's going extremely well..... who knows what that really means?"
Me: ...shouldn't you?
He’s really talking about respect 🤦🏻‍♀️ what a joke
Nc
I’ll tell you step. Y step what he bullsitted about
Same as he does every time... Lye conspiracy division of nation under God. His tactic like the great leader of Germany once was.. You worship him.!
Deserve what is rightfully yours! BS president for a BS cause!
These journalists are so long winded! Their journalistic education is pathetic if this is the result.
Huh that’s funny, I can watch any other video but when I click on this one........ maybe it’s a coincidence!
I feel like we have bigger problems right now like mass shootings so much that it’s not even a surprising on the news anymore & we are just hoping it’s not a loved one that was targeted.
America hasn’t respected the rest of the world for a long, long, long time. How do you expect another country to respect you when you have been the world’s biggest bully and sucking blood from the rest of the world? Europe, Japan, and Korea are willing to be the U.S.’s pets only because they fear the U.S. Trump, as well as a lot of other U.S. politicians, is good at making the U.S. look like a victim, while they are actually pointing guns at the rest of the world and forcing them to comply with whatever unfair rules the U.S. places. U.S. politicians truly are the definition of hypocrisy.
Martial law is next
Build the wall 
I don't want to suport illegals
44:35 Our president forgot to take economics.
Only the Left Audio is working in this video while using headphones. 🤔
Looks like YouTube is showing its liberal bias. Won’t let it play.
Baby Trump wants his monument to racism and he wants it now!
I should just stop keeping up with the news...
It's clear that Pres. Trump has won a strategic victory. The wall is finally going to be built and the government is open. However, it's a pyrrhic victory. He's essentially taking a bullet for America here- I guarantee this will damage him in the polls. I can no longer say his 2020 victory is assured. That being said I hope he wins.
Put it on 360p for it to work!
And yet there is-
40 million Us residents living below the poverty line.
2.5 million homeless CHILDREN in America.
And in the past year 40,000 people died to gun violence. And these aren’t nation emergencies. But a wall is.....
The Nobel Prize really doesn't mean much anymore after all they gave one to Obama for what
It’s about damm time, now deport all illegals and put Americans first
Call me a conspiracy theorist, but Google/YouTube is clearly suppressing this video. Takes forever to load (or doesn't load at all), audio quality is really low and only comes from the left side, and you cannot alter the playback speed.
I do agree illegal immigration is a problem. I don’t agree spending this much money on a wall.......
Wait 

What in the world??
God bless u trump 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
HE SUCKS
Fake news vs a Fake president
YouTube’s liberal staff set this video to 360p to prevent people from watching so it will quickly be moved off of the trending page. 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
No video🙄
T R U M P - 2 0 2 0
360p works. Conspiracy theorists.
Trump 2020.
