God bless you Rabbi
This is very sad only a coward would shoot  in a house of worship
Soldiers from god sir god bless you
God Bless his soul, that was no ordinary rifle
& yes that was a terrorist
Unconditional Love is the highest  form of love a Godly love & Rabbi you are  a Beautiful  Soul My Prayers  for you & Your People & For us All 🙏🕎🙏🇺🇸
Hi Rabbi, the coward shooter, whoever he was seeks to divide us, he failed. I’m praying for you and your congregation❤️
It's a beautiful story how you and your wife came here and fulfilled such a beautiful vision. I'm heartbroken by your loss. Thank you for strength courage compassion and continued vision of peace and kindness.  "May God console you among the other mourners of Zion and Jerusalem" 
Shalom ❤
I want to know who are the 68 people who disliked this
Ms Lori is indeed a hero ,my heart goes out to the family and indeed this beautiful community.may god bless you all and love you and multiply you .🌹
All Praises to the Most High Yah. Thy will be done!!!
There is a special place in #### for the cowardly shooter...there was never a question who the shooter was...the cops should have killed him on sight.
   RIP to all the victims
That’s really sad what happened there.🙏🙏🙏✝️✝️✝️✡️✡️✡️ Let’s pray for the survivors of this attack.
I'm so very very sorry for what happened. I can tell this woman's loss  was tragic beyond words. She sounds so wonderful. I wish I could have met her. I'm sad for Hannah and all of you, who are grieving. I'm praying for you all.
JESUS! Yeshua IS THE ONLY ANSWER! I pray for this country even though judgement is COMING!!🙏🏽💯
God bless them at the Synagogue with strength and love to rebuild their lives. My prayers are with them all & us who believe in God.
The Rabbi did a great job of really demonstrating the enormous pain that occurs when a tragedy like this happens, because we are all becoming desensitized to this and that’s not ok. I cried watching this video!
It's so sad, the hatred that's out there.

Please people, do what the rabbi is saying. Create joy, build a community, be open to loving humanity.

Don't take out your frustrations on others. Find love for yourself and your true goals and dreams.
God bless u sir
Listen they may remember the horror but they're going to remember The bravery to
Kjv John 8 :33 They answered him.We be Abraham's seed and were never in bondage to any man:how sayest thou, YE SHALL BE MADE FREE?
Don't tell me they're no cameras recording the masacccre!!!! we need to KNW how criminals can get away so far and repeat same patterns.
Stay strong our brothers and sisters, we feel your pain, we love you here in NY.
He was motivated by the killings in Pittsburgh and Christchurch, New Zealand. He was a member of a Presbyterian church. What are they teaching him there?
Double Toasted brought me here
Revelation 22: 5 "There will be no more night. They will not need the light of a lamp or the light of the sun, for the Lord God will give them light. And they will reign for ever and ever."
9/11/2001 was painful too.
Why  was he waving around a hand with a finger blown off? Ouch.
Oh lord I can’t believe it god bless u lorrie pray u with god n at peace love u
hi rabbi,your cousin Rochel Leah is my teacher
I mean come on as young Christians or Catholics or Baptist or whatever your faith Maybe we all ask that question
Sad indictment on the current situation that 60 people disliked this
What a brave Rabbi.
The shooter is a coward and if I could you don't want to know.
REVALATION 3:9,2:9 is a warning against your beastly NATION.
There are none good no not one
May God almighty heal the Rabbi and the members of the Synagog ❤️✌️
Both the Rabbi and the mayor are wonderful people, thank you to everyone that supports the community in this terrible time. So sorry for your loss, RIP dear Lori, may God send a quick recovery to all the wounded.
Rabbi, Thank you For That Beautiful Message. I was Touched. I Love the Jews. Gods Chosen People. Read: Isaiah 41: 10.
I'm coming ,,,what  happened to you makes me sick we are at battle with evil,,love you Yesuah is hear
N it is  peaceful n safe we love u again I’m so sorry for ur loss
Tra 
George S 
Mark D, po
Sorry it sad. I wish we all can get along so the world could be a better place to live.
This channel can't be trusted.  Don't you see the all seeing eye as their logo! Watch the video and wake up
God help you to heal.
Am Israel Chai...yes, we will not give in to fear. We pray for you.  May Hashem comfort you and all the mourners in Zion!
I pray for the speedy recovery of your spirit, body and soul Man of God. This is so disheartening.
No comment
Youtube has taken off all the videos of the people who have done the research on this shooting, and so many others.
Go back to the pit where you came from. Y'ALL been supporting the wrong ISRAEL trust that ONE
Stay strong Rabbi. Our thoughts and prayers go out for your speedy recovery.
It is pretty amazing he's missing fingers on both hands but no shots to anything vital.
Thank god for the armed border patrol guard. It could have been worse. 
Evil (or insanity, call it whatever you want) exists and it will always exist 
despite utopian fantasies. We need to be responsible and subsequently be 
ready to protect the innocent.
My God! This hate crime is too much! My heart goes to you all.
Only a good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with gun. An off-duty policeman stopped the bad guy with a gun, NEVER BAN GUNS.
This world is close to the end I cant stand it here I cant even watch the nightly news anymore to see how sick and twisted people are
The audio off???
Wicked EVIL nation of beast and you're not a creation of TMH in his image or anything else but something set upon the children of Israel because of our forefathers disobedience thus we were punished now you got NEXT.
Why am I here what am I supposed to do and what's the mission
Kjv John 8 :33 They answered him.We be Abraham's seed and were never in bondage to any man:how sayest thou, YE SHALL BE MADE FREE?
We passover worshipers must not give in to hate, today is not a day to indulge in selfishness. Anti-White bigotry is the REAL threat!
boy, i feel sorry for your lost, but palestinians go through this anguish every day at the hands of your ppl
Sometimes, I wonder if all of us were the same color, have the religion, would we be getting along?
This is a truly fishy and fake sounding report. This all just doesn't add up right. This must be a false flag
Bigot shoots four people and gets to be portrayed in the media as a mentally ill, misguided, but fundamentally "good" person. Media is part of the problem. He is a monster, give him the needle.
@ 18:01, Reporter asks the Rabbi, "We can't live in fear?, is that what you want people to know?,"
Rabbi's answer, "absolutely!"  True!  we are not to live in fear, due to the actions of others that is, (mankind), but we absolutely must remain fearful of God,  for our own actions, as this is showing true love and awe of our Creator.
Someone who has lost his finger is not in a fit state to talk like this the next day!!
Did he just say slavery? What slavery? Revelation 3:9 & 2:9. The Most High is coming. This is only the beginning of sorrows.
AM YISRAEL CHAI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am a non denominational Christian but have had the honor to act as 'Shabbos Goy' (forgive my spelling Sir) on more than one occasion for our observant Jewish neighbors. I know that people of faith, from everywhere will come together; re-birth and re-dedication will happen. May all in Poway be blessed by G*d. Thank you for your wisdom, and greatness of heart.
This is an awful tragedy. Like the church shooting in South Carolina where a body of Christian worshipers were gunned down. That shooter was invited to worship with them.  Afterwards, the shooter conducted target practice on them. What denomination is next? Jehovah Witnesses and other denominations are locking their doors. What's becoming of religious freedom? 

"We are a Jewish NATION, he screamed. America is not a Jewish NATION.  America is a nation of many religions.  Maybe he was thinking of Israel.  Out of this man's pain is the revealing of this church leader's politic.

His hurt tells me more about his politic. Jesus Christ would not have carried on this way. Jesus Christ did not cry terrorist or shout angrily. He consoled others in his last hours.  This man screamed out Jews organizing. Fill the synagogues. Was that Jesus Christ's method?

He left Brooklyn because it was too dangerous yet the violent crime strucked him in a place he persumed safe. Where is Christ's spirit?. God says to not call anyone Rabbi. I am The only father. Matthew 24.
So soon after the Winnipeg café incident, too. I wonder what other similarities these incidents have?
Is the shooter also white
They don't understand why this happened? Let me clear it up for you. The Jews are  thieves, liar's and greedy with money. That's ALL they care about. This will not be the last  for sure. YOU brought this on Yourselves! We are fighting back.
6:00 The gun jammed, that may have saved dozens of lives.
Learned behavior parents are thw blame
LET US PRAY FOR THOSE THAT CLAIM TO BE GODS CHOSEN PEOPLE. WE KNOW FROM GODS WORD THE HOLY BIBLE, THAT THE AFRICAN AMERICANS ARE THE ONES SPOKEN OF IN SCRIPTURE.  LET US NOW BE INSTRUMENTS OF GODS DIVINE LOVE AND PEACE. AMEN AND AMEN..
So very sad.
Hate causes hate
forever finger messed up I believe you said blown off his hand sure shaking that right fist around it's only been a day I think the stitches should be throbbing he must be on some good medication personally I'm not so sure I kind of think it's a scam I was too good of a speech in the way you kept swinging his hand around is hurt in and grabbing his head like there's nothing wrong with his hand
It’s sad to have to innocent people this kind  of evil act
My people have never committed an act of terrorism.
I am so sorry this happened to them. I can't even be hopeful that it will not happen again. I am in pain for the victims, and in fear for the future horrors to come here in the U.S.
Love will overcome hate.
What’s wrong with this world 😢🥺🙏🙏
Very sad, but they cover this for hours and days. Yet the racially motivated hate crime done to landon hoffmann at the mall of America gets seconds of air time. Its a joke!
This man gives a much needed human touch to the horrors of domestic terrorism. He has strength , courage and optimism. The attacker has only darkness.
If anyone thinks this is horrific, then one has not seen all the dead children shot in the head by IDF snipers. My condolences to the shooter and his family. No sympathy for Israel and its supporters.
Her future if she is allowed by TMH to live will be SLAVERY read it for YOURSELF.
Every generation is victimized? Is he Palestinian?
I’m so sorry
To the people who are claiming that this is fake, IT IS NOT. This rabbi could have been killed had that woman didn't shield him from any more gunshots. This is REAL testimony from a survivor of a tragedy that has actually HAPPENED. To anyone who believes that this is fake, you need to experience the site of a tragic event like this and stop questioning what the survivors say.

This also applies to all other past mass shootings. Conspiracy theories are complete lies and hatred against any religion whether it is Judaism or Islam must be annihilated from the every country on this planet.

I feel very angry that this tragedy has happened 6 months after the tragedy that happened at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The levels of anti-Semitism in this country is just sickening. If Judaism wasn't created, then the world wouldn't have Christianity or Islam. Such hatred is irrational.
He does this all with blown off fingers. He's amazing. You can see what hate did to him. He's right Darkness always give way to Light. I send healing energy
It's pretty fncked up that this man who's been through something terrible has to be consoled by the "there were good people on ["The Jews will not replace us."] sides." Maybe he could whip his idiot base into more of a fervor and we can go ahead with this thing.
ONLY COWARDS BOMB PEOPLE WHO CAN'T DEFEND THEMSELVES. TERRORISM= COWARDICE
GOD BE WITH ALL OF YOU.... MY HEART HURTS.....
The Jew cries out in pain as he stabs you.
Californian, born and raised here... You have my heart and soul in this land. Judaism has my heart and soul luv... Catholic childhood, Jewish people have my first hand... You are the people that will lead the world
TMH will protect his OWN all others will perrish for messing with his chosen ONES. Suffer not the little children to come unto me thus sayith TMH ELOHIM LORD of all HOST. Now who are those who you suffered the truth from? Surely not the Ashkenazi that are in Israel and all OVER today RIGHT?
Nobody take terrorism seriously when they attack ours
Very sad. if you worship you will be attacked, if you don't worship you won't be attacked??
Love and prayers for the Jewish folks I’m a Christian but Jesus Christ was the purest Jew and rabbi. Jewish folks are some of the kindest sweetest humble caring folks ever known. My Great Great Uncle Hugo was a Holocaust victim in Berlin so this hurts deeply close to home. I was crying hearing the description of the events that took place. God bless you all. I was just celebrating Passover with my JCC special needs group just the other day blows my mind. But the demonic entries who want hate and fear have lost love and light concur all.
Another senseless act of domestic terrorism. When do we wake up, it took New Zealand a whole week to start getting something positive done.
But mexicans are the criminals lets build a wall
It's no  coincidence as to why we've seen a rise in violent attacks from white supremacist groups since Trump announced he was running for president. Trump has been the motivating factor of it all. Trump has been inciting and encouraging violence and hatred amongst his cult followers since his campaign. 

23 FEBRUARY 2016:
" I'd like to punch him in the face." Trump said this in front of a crowd of his cultists, after a protester was removed from one of his rallies.

22 NOVEMBER 2015:
" Maybe he should have been roughed up." Trump said this in reference Mercutio Southall Jr. who was ejected from a Trump rally. The video footage showed Trump supporters jostling, kicking, and punching Southall. It even prompted the Fox & Friends hosts to question the violence from Trump's cultists.

MARCH 2016:
" Part of the problem is no one wants to hurt anyone anymore."  Trump said this during a rally in St. Louis as protesters were being escorted out by security.  Trump became frustrated that it was taking so long to escort the protesters out. He then said " You know, part of the reason it takes so long is nobody wants to hurt each other anymore."

FEBRUARY 2016:
" Knock the krap out of him. would you?  I promise you, I will pay your legal fees." 
Trump said this at a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
33 years ago, you were 24. 33 + 24 = 57,  but you look 75.
God Bless Our President Donald Trump
A decade of aggression
The. Order. ...👺
John T. Earnest's mother's maiden name is Lisa Christine Newberg. She's Jewish. What I've just stated can be factually verified. Why isn't that tidbit being reported?
Amazing rabbi- a true spiritual leader and healer.💙
The only way to demolish the terrorists is to get the terrorist-in-chief, Trump, out of the white house!  It's time for the dignity of life back!!!
I am so sorry you all have to go thru such an event.  RESPECT ALL RELIGIONS even if you do not believe in what they believe in. I am not religious. My God is the stars and science. BUT please teach your children that there are many religions and we have to respect that. it does not make us evil. evil is what just happened against these humans.
Omg I hope everyone is ok
I can smell his breath from here.
These people are the true psychopaths, ask him about the Noahide Laws and what they think of goyim?
Have the Democrats sent their deepest condolences or sympathies to these "Passover Worshipers" ???
did you catch this POS who did this,
The story just doesn't add up. Too fake!
The face of fraud
This is very touching. I feel very conflicted.
But, the truth remains...we are in the End of Days.
The Jews must return to Israel.
These incidents will only increase.
Do not fight the Will of our Maker.
He wants all of the Jews back in Israel now.
Next phase is RPGs..do not dare say you were not warned.... 
Take the hint, start packing, and be quick about it.
Make haste....Exodus style.
Prayers for lamb's blood covered door worshippers
Terrorists are cowers! Stand tall! Stand strong!
😢
Time to move on with this BS!!!!
It's terrible what happened there's no reason for that just wickedness but I pray for comfort for the family in the name of Jesus Amen
Sorry but this rabbi so just so fake,
That shooter is a coward. He came in with a bulletproof vest, called the police so they dont shoot him and put his hands up to show he surrenders. They should have finished him.
HORRIBLE ACTING, MAKE IT STOP!!!!!!
O God I’m very very sad 😢 last day is Coming Soon lord Jesus Coming Soon I pray Israel people 🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🙏🙏🙏💔💔
And this is why I say neo-Nazis are a bigger problem than white supremacists. (For the next decade, anyway).
Goyim’s souls come from the 3 satanic spheres. Jew’s souls are from God.  Moshiach will dust them.
Very sad... How much more of this NRA enabeled craziness are we willing to tolerate?
Lets send in the bearjew and the inglorious basderds
So,
Very fine people, on both sides! Those words should be getting screamed in Trump's ears 24x7.
You happy now TRUMP😠
Ahhh the great storytellers.
Matthew 23:39 For I tell you, you will not see me again until you say, 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the LORD.'" Baruch haba b’Shem ADONAI..Call on the Prince of Peace as he is the only one that can bring it...
It's time that all of these white supremacists hate groups be classified as terrorists organizations, because that's exactly what they are.  Websites like storm front should all be banned and removed from the Internet wherever they pop up.  They use these sites the exact same way that ISIS and Alqaeda uses websites to recruit more followers, and spread their messages of hatred and violence.
This is disgraceful, how's he going to count all his cash now...       so is he going home now this has happened ?  Oh sorry my mistake , Jews don't have a home  🙄   

Another gun jam , i can't emphasize enough the importance of good maintenance
This rabbi offers little "light", despite his plethora of "heroic" words and "heart felt emotion". It would seem prudent to me to question the "evil terrorist" as regards his motive in this deed. I suspect the usual media news  approach will close down that possibility, and we will hear almost nothing of the shooter's "evil" motivation.  Merely repeating endlessly that he is surely evil is all we need to keep us warm at night. Reference to his stated "beliefs" is reserved for page fifteen in the local newspaper, as well as the New York Times. It will be kept curiously quiet! This is sometimes known as the George Bush Solution; "We" (fill in the relevant designated "victim(s)" in any news story...and emphasize their significance as a politically correct minority whenever possible) are all innocent; "They hate us for our freedoms" (it is never "us" who hate and oppress "them")!
White supremacist don't get to go to heaven. They hate their brothers for no reason. They believed in a lie called race. The truth is we actually are all related. They'll have to find out the hard way.
Where is the forgiveness part.i doubt very much if this 19 year old punk even understands this Anti-Semitism 
concept.Pope John Paul second forgave his would be Assassin .......America is watching It is not enough for a Jew to forgive another Jew on Yom Kippur but to forgive a non Jew for his dastardy crime.
Yes we are and praise God and Jesus 🙏😇🙌
Pakistan and Turkish ARMY should establish a permanent military base in Jerusalem in order to protect the Al Aqsa Masjid in Palestine.
blame ilhan omar shame!!!!
Quick! Throw some anit semitism bills on the printing press!! The goyim will never know.
I shared this out
I blame Donald J. Trump and Steve Bannon for the atmosphere that fosters this kind of madness!  God preserve us to be able to see the end of this hateful administration.
may the reverend rabbi now after his miraculous escape dedicate his life to expose the terrorism of the colonial state of israel and the jewish lobby that supports it in the us
The possibility of a shooter with an ar15 shooting both hands is 1 and 100000000000000000000000000 but it happen yesterday. Fire do melt steel i guess
Another staged attack in attempt to take my guns. #MOLONLABE!
God bless President Trump
Greenpath
i hate cliff hangers on youtube
Meddle Maddox and the Cherokee.
trump is anti-christ
The time of the GENTILES are soooo OVER CANT YOU SEE THE TRUTH
Remember the TERRORIST is a Christian LOL
As you told the true ISRAELITE when they were where you are right NOW....
Get over it it happens to many why not YOU. No symphony for thise who have oppressed the true chosen ones and knew it and will not ADMIT who we are until you tell the world who the true israelites are you will continue to LOSE. Instead They rather wine about PROPHECY.
Very painful . Why the dislikes? Unfathomable.
Shut up, rabbi
The lying rabbi, "Many shall come in my name(rabbi) and shall deceive many", quite from Jesus Christ. Check this man's narrative, the time sequence, his exposure in the media to his meeting of another liar(Donald Trump)  at the White House in D.C.
Sad. But same thing happen every house of Palestine.
weird still talking about 1 jew killed,when same timeframe a guy killed 7 and injured 1,oh they weren't jews so noone cares,not to mention that this story screams fake
Davon anderson youtib
More and more countries are now recognizing Palestine as an independent country Alhamdulila....
Trump said there were good people on both sides of the shooting.
So I guess a bunch of morons are going to blame Trump for this one too the world is an evil place there's no getting around it
MEANWHILE.... Trump refuses to denounce white supremacy/groups. Nor will he authorize the DOJ to set up a task force to go after them SPECIFICALLY.. In fact he did the EXACT opposite his first year in office. Basically saying, 'thats a waste of resources'
Blame islam and bad things will happen.  Respect islam
And they will be marrying and having feast and festivals when the terrible day of TMH comes upon them like a thief in the night. YOU'RE not the true JEWS of the BIBLE YOU'RE not the true seed of Abraham. You are not the chosen ONES if so where is your SAVIOR?
B and W .....looks like the guy from All in the Family what was his name Meathead?
It's hard to hear the heartbreaking
CBS IS FAKE NEWS
I came to the conclusion that this incident is/was not a false flag, because this demonic, mistake in nature, trash rabbi lost a finger.
Bless the athiest
Your people do the same, and even worse things, to the Palestinians.
If these are true Jews from Israel, I pray that the Lord will bless them and get them back over there to their rightful land. God bless the children of Israel in Jesus name. Amen.
Donald Trump enables far right terrorism. He only makes America worse.
The media is trying to sweep this story under the rug  because this was not a false flag. John T. Earnest is a very real character. It wasn't made up like Sandy Hook(Adam Lanza). He took matters into his own hands and rightfully so. The media doesn't want to give young white men with nothing to lose any ideas on what to do and how easy it would be to execute a plan like this. This is why there isn't too much attention in regards to this situation given by the media.
Lies
Fake arm sling. Fake hebrew. Fake shooting
Ask him if she cared about all the Palestinian children the IDF murdered this year. This is indeed tragic, but all these Christians making sad faces don't give a damn about the average Palestinian that has no control over what their leaders do. All they know is, Israel said they deserved it. But truthfully someone in a group of 200 ppl threw a rock at a protest, and their 13 year old brother got shot in the chest and face. And died in his arms bc no ambulances were allowed to into the area.
you can blame that on Californian liberals for this; this wouldn't have happened if i was there, If I had the right to bear arms in Cali I could have protected them; GOD BLESS TEXAS
Why isn't this on every network? The answer, Corporate news, and the NRA.
This happened right after their convention. Yesterday it was said 1 dead 3 injured.
They wanted to know how many died and were injured instead of who lived.
This is just one story. Think for a minute about the Vegas shooting or the other synagogue from a year ago. How many stories we didn't hear. The Parkland students have not stopped 
We send useless thoughts and prayers instead of any kind of action
 Each death a life. A day after Neo-Nazis and White Supremacists are defended once again. So we see that march on all the media shouting the Jews will not replace us.
Then there's this. Go figure... When a white person does this its a hate crime.
A person of color Domestic Terrorism.
Does the Rabbi's recounting sound Terror fying enough?
I lay this squarely at the feet of you know who...
First of all he's a White Male so hes not a terrorist.  He's just Depressed.  Secondly, he loves Trump, and Trump loves the Heebz. So just keep taking the Goyem Shekels. That's all that matter. And 3rd, give that man an Oscar for that great performance!!! Oy Vey!!
