I havent been on this channel for like 5 years and who are these brats
Its hard to believe this channel once practically ruled youtube. how the mighty have fallen
WTH IS THIS, THIS ISNT FRED
Wtf happened to this channel.
Its dead asf jeez
Kinda sad actually.
Well this channel had a painful death...
2013: 5 million subscribers 

2015: 2 million subscribers 

RESULTS
Who evens owns this channel anymore?
Questions My Parents Won't Answer:
Whos here at the end of 2018, went by so fast 
2019 now, thanks for all the likes, never recieved so many ❤
What a great finale to this channel
Yup, this channel is dead.
1:45 ‘it’s true everyone came’

ha
I know it's illogical... But I come here every year... Just to be sure that he's still dead. 
Night of the living fred shall never come again...
I hatethis channel because Fred’s  not any anymore￼b
I don't think this is fred?  🤔🤔
I left this channel about 3 years ago.

WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?!?!
Like it or not





This right here is history
Everyone, This channel is no longer active. It is now abandoned.

"Fred" now uploads on his new channel, "Lucas".
My boy Fred is being held captive, that's why the channel is no longer active, he's been turned into a microphone, we need to save him!!!!
I almost forgot about this channel.
10k likes and 25k dislikes first time i ever seen that for a video.

May I shpuld up as a Fred.
Wow the last video were do baby come from? Wow I remember fred figglehorn, now he is Lucas. Man 3 years ago.from when I'm making this.
What happened to he’s channel 😬😬where is Fred
FRED WHERE YOU AT???? WHO ARE THESE CHILD?! D:<
THEY RUINED THE REAL FRED
We Will Remember FRED As A Hero Of YouTube. Goodbye Cruel World.
Well guys this is it...Fred is officially dead we will forever love you.....
R.I.P. Fred...
If they questioned me,I would say this.


Me:👉🏻👌🏻
What has fred come to 
; - ; ...
Fred 2011: Fred goes swimming!


Fred 2015: LeTs TaLk AbOuT sEx
bruh we want fred back freds a savage
Wait shes not 9 🤨 im 10 wow
I asked this to my 7th Grade Science teacher. I said "Where do Babies come from?".She said "From the Uterus".And i said "And whats a Uterus" She said "Shut Up go to Class"
Lmao
WHAT HAPPEN TO THIS CHANNEL
This channel is actually good... without Fred.
I never saw fred has turned into a microphone
2018 anyone?
The newest video from Fred 3 years ago..
Oi, what happened to my good 'ol Fred? WHAT HAPPENED TO HIMMM.
This used to be the first channel to have 1 million subscribers. Now there is no Fred, no videos, no  n o t h i n g
Roses are Red,  
Violetts are Blue,  
I'm watching Fred,
Hope you're doing to!
Hard to believe this channel is actually Dead about five years ago it was the biggest thing on YouTube
Fred was the first dude to hit 1 mil this is how his channel is now.
oh my actual god..






THE BEAST IS DEAD
Who came from pewdiepie vid in. The don't be rises be like pewdiepie
Doctor: You have been in a coma for 5 years.

Patient: Oh man I can't wait to watch FRED

Doctor: .....
Is anyone else here in 2019 wishing for the old YouTube, simpler times
This channel didn't even get to die with it's dignity.
I'm in 2019 and 3 years
This was made 3 years ago but WHAT THE FORK HAPPENED TO THIS CHANNEL!?
RIP FRED CHANNEL
April 30th 2008-July 30th 2015
So if you see there is paradise and paradise has a lock and theres a key to paradise when you open the paradise there are 100 or more children to play whoever gonna get there first will become a baby
Btw they are racing in 8 months
This is obviously setup
the channel that ruled youtube, has fallen. RIP fred, so many memories
I miss when FRED is the king of youtube :')
A part of me died with this channel....
I searched a million subscribers and no videos and found this
WHY!!!!!!! WHAT HAPPEN TO FRED I ALREADY UNSUB 






WHY IS FRED NOT FRED ANYMORE
Guy: Most babies come from meteors that fall from the sky

Girl: that ain’t true
 Me:🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣

Honey babies come when 2 ppl love each other then they lock the door and jump on the bed and make weird noises
I got cancer from watching this video
And know t series is the second YouTube Chanel with more subscribers...
It's sad
R.i.p fred 1995 - 2017
According to my Asian calculations, this is not Fred.
okay so basically the stork is a government surveillance drones and thats why they are strong
WHEN THE HELL did FRED become a microphone?!
I ASKED FOR FRED NOT A MICROPHONE
This is just sad




What happened to this channel
I miss the original Fred... 🙁
This is not Fred, I’m out.
Remember when this channel used to be top 15
This channel used to be the #1 most subscribed and ever since Lucas left the channel and canceled his Fred character, it's a ghost town in here.
Fred is
————
Gone!
[crab rave music]
I think Fred has depression 😂
Fred is dead
I miss fred the real fred 😢
It is hard to believe this channel was once the most subscribed channel on Youtube
2018 3 years of no prodcution
2019 Fred is still dead been three years since the channel uploaded RIP
Well, you've done it. You've managed to leave the Fred character out of a video on his own channel. You've won life.
BIH freds channel

will not be missed
Fred/Lucas is on his other channel Lucas
I only been gone for a billion minutes and come back to this
What the frick is this
This is why u don't post anything anymore
"Legends rule, but Abusing their power causes dremastic measures." -Just a 9 yr old writing a comment
i want to punch the yellow shirt kid so bad
BRING FrED BACK!
Anyone from 2k19 😭💀
Brother this ain t Fred
Fred come back please!!!!!!!
Fred Channel Shutdown Next Day
FINALLY FRED IS DEAD.
Hello Darkness My Old Friend
What happened to Fred???
What I would say: RIP Fred

What I actually say: Looks like he oofed :(
Lmao where's fred 2019?
What da heck happened to Fred
This channel died,
ANYONE STILL MISSING HIM IN 2019??
Fred come back to home :"v
FRED: What do you think? Leave a comment below!

FRED Fans: RIP FRED :c
The channel died before Fortnite.







Good
They come from storks
Doctor: You have been in a coma for 2 years
Fred: Oh boy i cant wait to see my subscriber count!
"it's true, everyone came" 1:44
it used to be FЯED not FRED.
What the hell is this? Im looking for Fred not rusty musty children.
What happen to FRED!?

ASK THEM ADULTS WAAT HAPPEN TO FRED
Came here from IHE
Flashbacks when I was like 4 or 3
This channel is deader than my great great grandfather
Where's fred 😭😭😭😭
Haven’t made another video in 3 years
99% of the comments are about what happened to this channel
1% is Just me
I never thought to check, I thought they were just spouting nonsense 
but no, Chris and Dingdong were right
Where's our man, FRED?
I have a question:

Why can't lucas shut down this dead channel. I'm sure it had 3 MILLION SUBS and went down to 2.
R.I.P
FRED
Whigigggy whigggy wiggedy whack!!!
its a dead channel now. 

no vids no fred (BUT STILL SUBS! he is not gaming any now but he still has 2.8M subs ) no views
And His name Is John Cena

Are You Sure about That
Lucas he give the channel to this, and now it's been 3 years who had upload a video😂 wtf and he lost many of fans
No 2018 or 2019 or 2020 comment please PLEASE oh no well to late
Fred's. First Word: Is this thing on?
Fred's last words: I Don't Know!
“Baby humans” I died lmfao
To be continued...
Now then... I SEE NO FRED.
Dead Fred!
PLZZZ CAN I HAVE YOUR CHANNEL I WILL MAKE IT MORE GOOD
Saw you on Brandon Rodgers channel. So your not dead.
Honestly why does this channel exist
You ksi called called you out
Justa little hint: 👉👌
so this is what the fred channel is in 2017... clap clap clap
this is fuked
I liked this channel and now it doesn't even have Fred

It dead basically
Shane Dawson was right! FRED IS DEAD!!!!!!
What happened to Fred? I used to watch him all the time.
Anyone watching 2019
Wonder what Fred is doing now lol
Remember when Fred was the #1 channel on YouTube?
Welp fred just stop uplouding we had enough of this s***
WE NEED LUCAS BACC. NOT 5 YR OLD BRATS
How long until till next video
Me: Hey let's see how Fred is doing 
Also me: still dead? Okay then
Whait a minute...




This isnt Fred
they are holding fred hostage LET HIM HAVE FREEDOM
WHAT DID YOU DO TO FRED!
What the hell? It's been a long time since I've been on Fred's Channel or seen any of his videos but what happened to Fred? What happened to his channel
I Hate Everything brought me here
I miss Fred I stopped watching in 2013
Who else is here in Nov. 2020.
Fist channel in reaching 1,000,000 subs
Anyone 2019
I just closed the video when the man really told how the “process” works
i wonder if when this was posted he knew it would be the last video on the channel
Girl: Where do babies come from?
Baby: WHA
Why is Fred now a public interview channel
Press F to pay respect to a once great channel
RIP fred 2008-2018
Top ten anime deaths
I LOOK AWAY FOR 3 YEARS AND THIS HAPPENS?
Can someone tell me why he stopped uploading?
AGE RESTRICTED talking about sexual stuff.
This channel died when he sold his soul and became a microphone.
First word is this on... last one or so
So we going to talk about the channel being dead or no
He's got a new channel. Lucas
Lucas sold this channel. That's it.
Did you ever ask your parents something that they won’t answer

Me: yea why are they divorced
Leave them in the comments no one leaves them in the comments 
FRED:well we’re screwed
OMG THE GUY AT 2:50 IS SO STRAIGHT UP!!!
HE'S LIKE 8PM DOOD
Fred you are looking a little different...
Wow, this existed at one point.....Only partially though.
Remember when this dude was at the top?
They finally realized such a mistake this was
Rip in pepperoni Fred
Why tf am I here it's three am in Nov 2018
IS THIS A WHOLESOME SHOW
1:59 the man in the back😂😂 like if you laughed
Fred in 2019? Search up Lucas and you can find him now.
I'm crying ;(
2997 anyone ?
“One time your mom and dad wanted to hang out and then they started touching each other and then you poped out.”😏
"One time, your mom and dad hung out and they started touching each other, and then you came out"

WAIT NO SLOW DOWN
Yep, now Fred is really DEAD
Lucas killed fred 😱😱😱😱😱😱
This youtube chennel is dead
They know the answer they're just harassing people
2:51 
Well played man!
F to pay respects.
The question my parents won't answer is if I'm adopted
I love how Fred wasn't even Fred anymore before it died lmao
Just checkin out the youtube cemetery
*comes to see fred channel because its my childhood*
*sees its run by kids*
quit
What the hell happened to Fred
bro im in 2018! why did u quit yt!
"Unsubscribed"
i would feel so pressured +
where the hell are you fred did you sell your channel and start a new one? actually that's exactly what you did.
This is a dead channel
FR2D coming soon guys
2 was cuz it's a 2 channel
This is clearly a failed attempt to repair this channel lmao
2019 anyone???
I'm confused of how this channel become like this
His new channel is called Lucas.
Yay it is finally ended. I'm sorry it was because I watched phantkmatrider.😢😢😢😢
No post in 3 years
Whos at the door?
ITS FRED
It's nearly 4 years that Lucas never upload Fred videos! :(
1:58 that one guy XD
Please upload
Well this dude has gone non existent
Who’s here in January 2019?
Please please make more fred video
remember the movies?
I. NEED. FRED.
When a man nuts in a woman. That's how babies are made
I thought this is family friendly
make more plz )':
ima be real here man, im only thirteen but i watched these as a 4 year old or something like that and it was the time of my life. Especially the movies Camp fred was always my favorite
This channel was the first to hit one million subscribers on YouTube . Sad to see that it isn’t doing good
Poor adults... they have to find out how ti pronounce it correctly
fred do a vlog style channel or something PLEASE ANYTHING other than this
Rip freds channel 
Btw babies crime from man and women and start having sex 
But he forgot his condom 
Then this happens
Questions my parents won't answer- where is Fred???
Omg the last guy TT
What happend to fred
Oh i sure miss this channel, i've been watching it since 2011
What happened to the REAL FRED
FRED COME BACK I MISS YOU
REINSTATE FRED OR A HUNT U DOWN AND FORCE U TOO!
Dead channel 😆
1:58 dude in the back 😂😂😂
The guy in the background thoo 1:58
mummy, what is... anime?

mom: THE ONLY THING ON YOUR SEARCH HISTORY DABS

I hate you mom,...
Roses are red violets are blue I heard that this channel was dead and so did you!
I hate it...  BRING THE FIRST FRED BACK
Also,  it says 'Where do babies come from' NOT 'How babies are made'
Fred.. Please come back.. :(
This is where babies come from:

A man and woman decide to BEEP so the mans BEEP penetrates the woman's BEEP and eventually BEEP errupts out of the mans BEEP and makes its way to the womans BEEP and after 9 months an ugly BEEP slides out slowly and painfully out of the womans BEEP

Like for a version with no BEEP
Ah yes, the demon is finally locked away
2:51 this man paid attention in science... 😂😂
No uploads in for 2 years
Who is still here in 2019
Please ask me I know the true answer... 😏
When fred died they tried to keep the channel alive for the longest time but gave up. To this day no one knows what happened to fred or who "THEY" are.
Hmm i wonder what Fred is like nowadays
The channel died but I watched him on nick
Did fred secretly died and never have told? So nickelodeon decided to hack into freds's account to make money?
I'm so glad this channel is dieing
Question: what happened to this channel?
WHERES FRED !!! DID YOU GUYS KID NAP HIM 😭😭😭
Anyone trully knows that Fred was the mist sucuessful being #1 Youtuber a lot of years back and having 2 i think,movies
We’re is Fred?? Were do you have him .. why did you kidnap him??...
Apparently at some point I watched this. Also not sure but I think this mf was the first to break 1 mil on youtube
Didn't Fred once have 7 million subscribers?
It’s been so many years, and I’ve come back with a vengeance for when I was ear raped by a squeaky voice. But the channel format has changed and Fred has disappeared.
And thus I need to put my 20 gauge back.
BRING BACK FRED THESE SUCKY KIDS MAKE ME CRINGE
can we please delete these videos and just keep fred's ones up :(
New fred in a nutshell: kids argue with adults for questions that they already know the answer to
My question is we’re is my dad?
Rip the uploads
It was for the best guys
FRED ARE YOU THERE WHERE ARE YOUUUUUU
I swear he sold his channel
I remember waiting for videos by him to come out ): all great things end
This made me so uncomfortable
i know that guy he clearly likes it.
From the VJay
lol I'm dying laughing.
NO NO NO BABIES COME FROM EBAY
This show used to be all about fred
But now his channel is dead
Let him Rest In Peace
Let his channel cease
And if he comes back
Always know that he’s probably Been hacked
I miss the real FЯED
Well.. Not anymore but when i was little i loved him
Where is Fred? :'(
Starnge how the same lady is asked these questions every single video
Im glad fred is gone
Finally They gave up
He protecc
He attacc 
But most importantly 




He will never come bacc
When iCarly predicts Fred's death
There's a reason they don't tell you where babies come from. It's a bit too much. I don't think you need to know about flying birds who deliver children.
One question I'll never know.


"Where's my Dad?"
Like this episode keep up the good work 👍
Oof... 5 seconds in and i can tell why this channel died 3 years ago.
Can’t believe Fred sold his channel
What happened to Fred I miss him 2019?
Fred !!.where did Fred go
Goodbye fred we will miss you
Does he even own the channel anymore?
2:51 its not much but its honest work
Fred Come back
So did Fred die and turn then into a  microphone... Rip Fred 2010 - 2016
Rip Fred's channel :(
WHERE IS FRЭD!!
Lucas sold out his channel and his own fanbase.
Omg Diego at the end lol
My man actually explained it in detail
I'd tell those kids the cold hard truth
Rip fred :(
AHAHA THE LAST GUY IS A LAD
it's official, this channel is DEAD!
ITS BEEN THREE YEARS FRED
What happen to fred?
What has fred become...?
“Is this a wholesome show?”  




Oh noo....
Its 2018 what has happened
rest in cringe, fred.
You dont sound like fred.
0:29 umm okay sis 🤨
R.I.P Fred
WHAT HAPPENED TO FRED ?!?!?!?!?!
I'm sad, wh-wheres FRED /:(
FRED WE NEED YA BACK
The last one had me dying 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I’m so sad rigth now, the first Channel in history to reach one million Subs.
Make I hate mars bars
SO MANY DISLIKES 😂
Where did Fred go?!
Remember when this channel took over YouTube, then died
That backwards R still bothers me
I miss the old fred
The end of Fred......sighhh
COME BACK!!!!
1:05 best answer
This channel is so dead, lmao.
wtf WAS THE LAST ONE
Well after 2 shows that failed and 3 I clouded movies this is how it dies
Rip fred, killed all thanks to nickelodeon cancelling the show for 1 season.
I'm on a spree of visiting dead channels and this has s one old bloated channel
R.I.P FRED channel 2015-2019
Where the f is the real fred
"THAT AINT TRUE"
Where my main man Fred?
Dude this is dead rip Fred 2005-2015 about 2015 this channel was abandoned so if ya look he joined YouTube 2005 apparently
1:17 sO I CaMe OuT oF A sEeD?
Ok, FRED was the first YouTuber to get 1 million subs, but he only has 200,000 less than 3 million
Bring back Fred
My mom wont answer when i ask is god reall
What happened to Fred 😥
I wonder if these kids actually knew how before they asked
Yep... this channel is dead...
Look at what they did to my boy
He’s new channel is Lucas 🔴🔴🔴🔴🔴🔴
Idk why Fred does not post
This is where baby's come from


The man and woman have BEEP and then the mans BEEP enters the woman's BEEP and eventually BEEP comes out of the mans  and it makes its way to the woman's  then the woman gets pregnant

Like for the version with no 
what happen to FRED
This is the last episode of fred before he lost his voice and died
R.I.P fame for this channel.
Man at 3:00 has no chill
R.I.P. FRED
yes lat is the real fred
I WANT FRED BACK
UPLOAD YOU HAVEN'T FOR LIKE 3 YEARS
;-;
Plz revive the channel and I want the real fred
2:50 nice man for telling the truth
FRED IS ALIVE HIS NAME ON YOUTOBE IS "Lucas"
give us back fred
And so, with two claps of his mighty hands, Pewdiedie ruled YouTube and Fr3d, along with the other Great Old Ones, fell back into the shadows... to live another, quieter, final life.
This is one problem that YouTubers should rarely do, sell off or rebrand there channels, that will lead to a huge drop in quality & loss in viewers, just like with this channel
This isn't FRED WTF
Lol did you see that man with sun glasses just stop and stare at them
I WANT FRED!!!!!!
How do you make paper? 🧻
WERE IS FRED WHO ARE THESE KIDS !
Glad the world is rid of this...
A N D I M D I E G O
WHERE DID FREN GO??? 😭 RIP FRED

   -
 (    ) 
 |    | 
  __ 
FRED's GRAVESTONE 
 r.i.p Fred. He was popular in 2008-2014 
He was a good person... and had a squeaky voice
What happened to Fred!!?
I miss FRED
This is the last ever episode of Fred On the channel
i missed fred
WE WANT FRED WE WANT FRED!
Why you don't upload
Hate to say it but this channel is dying because of the videos now.
Who killed Fred?
Guys, the guy who was Fred is still alive and on a different channel, just wanted to let you know.
The last video posted before this channel's death was about birth. Interesting huh
Where's fred we want fred
THIS ISNT FRED
Give Fred his channel back
Wondering if these kids actually know the answer?
Oooooohhh 








Poor fred
Rest in Fred
Wait... did Fred like... have kids?
WOW A SCIENTIFIC VIDEO
Fred come back
It's so sad what the Fred Channel has become ☹
Sunday 3rd Febuary 2019
It's been a long day without you my Fred and I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
Everyone knows how babys are made already lol and I'm 10
R.I.P. Fred
Me as an adult “ mommy has an outlet and daddy has a plug. Then they daddy puts the plug in mommy’s outlet and makes a spark which is you”
Why did you quit u had first ever 1mill subs now u would have 90million subs
The last one was actually good
“Everyone came” 👀
What has Fred turned into?
first ur parents pop and then you pop out
WTF HAPPEN IN HERE HAHAHAAHHAHAHAHA.
HOW FRED DIED? HE WAS GOOD!
I kinda miss daddy Figglehorn
where has my dad been for 15 years?
I think im more popular than this guy
Yup... this Channel sucksss like fred
A fo you remember when Fred was good, or that’s right, he never was good
His other channel is Lucas
We need him this channel is now dead
Where is Fred I miss him
Freddie made Fred ded
Wth where did fred go :(?
Wait what the heck happened The this YouTube channel I was such a big fan then I started watching other stuff, after a while I came back and then I see this. WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO FRED?!
Make more Fred videos please
I miss the  old fred
dis channel though
Rip this channel
Why is this channel dead :(
What happened to Fred
Too bad the Fred community cancelled this channel.
Delete this channel its over all ready
Bring fred back ÑØW I MEAN RIGHT NOW  please please oh pretty pretty please
My mom won't answer why my dad left me
is this channel dead yet
I Think someone Stole This Channel
you need to come back with more videos bro
WHERE DID FRED GO
Why did I watch this?
I have a question why did my parents leave me
2019 anyone, just me is thought so ☹️
WHERE IS FRED
Fred it been 3 years were are you
His channel died so he stopped making vids
1:59 😂😂😂 the guy in the back just looks at the camera and photobombs
R.I.P Fred
WHERE FRED?  Omg THE KIDS KILLED HIM AHHHHHHHHH
Oh no no
Is this the first channel to reach a million subscribers ??
1. I wish Fred (Lucas) hadn't sold his channel because it was funny/cool.
2. Why's it been 2 yrs since the people who bought his channel uploaded a vid?
3. WHY IS EVERYTHING MESSED UP ??!! 🌸🌸 BTW It's November 2017.
Why Fred is gone WHYYYYYY
I don't get how many people disliked this video
Wow this was once the most subscribed channel?
Shame....
:( Where's FRED?
I guess Fred got an actual job
Please where is Fred?!
R.I.P Fred....... AnD hElLo LuCaSssssss
Can you please come back? We miss you so much
D E  A D
Still i know things are not so great now but please show us a video saying your ok or fine the internet would go crazy i turned the on the bell just in case you come back please everyone still has a place in there heart for you (ps still watch and love your movies)
It failed it all failed
We're FRED
0:28 like wtf is wrong with her?
where is he???
November 2018
You are the 1st youtuber to hit 1 million subs
Fred actually meets his dad!!!!!!
I think I know what happened. When Fred was... Fred, there was some Lore that Fred Figglehorn actually stole the channel from someone else to do those funny things. What if the original owner took back control of the channel? Who knows?!
what in the pensis is this
how is babby formed
Ye what happened to this channel
Whoa damn I thought his channel was still alive I guess not
The nostalgia of 10 years ago
lucas made big bank selling this channel to people who didn't know what they were doing and gave up.
WHERE'D YOU GOOO?
A Dead YouTuber's Career gone down the drain. How delightfully sad.
The end of fred
Fred come back
R.I.P FRED
0:28 kill me
I want Fred back
who actually still remebers this in 2018 and cringes
2019 Anyone? R.I.P Fred
I remember the good days, what happened?
Where are you!!! Come on fred
This is the last video uploaded on the FRED channel and what the heck this video has nothing to do with FRED!
I miss him
Who else came here because they never saw Fred again after a video
Boooo new people
I think you should ask his friends in 'channels'
Rip Fred October 30, 2006 - November 11, 2014
Joke stolen from iCarly, "Fred is dead"

2010 it was a joke, now 2017 it's real😟 I'm not surprised about the likes to dislikes😂
Are you dead?
And now he is DEAD
WHERE THE HELL IS FRED???
WHERE ARE YOU, YOURE MY CHILDHOOD!
What happened to fred i need to know
This has more dislikes than likes 😂😳
where tf is FRED
For anyone wondering FRED has a new channel named Lucas and its alive and well!
How does this have 1 mil views
1:49 what about eagles?
WHERE IS FRED
First to 1 MILLION
I came from haringa
I ar going to commit oof
meteor baby’s
When Fred Sells His Channel
1:59 that dude tho
This Channel is dead
Fred 4 Ever
#WEWANTFREDBACK
1:58 - That guy in the back 😂
Why couldnt these new non involved fred figglehorn videos just be created on its own channel? Now we have to dig deep for the real fred!
Rip Fred Figglehorn
DO MORE VIDEOS
Imagine someone flat out telling them.
What happend to FRED??
What Happend To Fred
BRO WE HAVE SAME NAME!
When will he come back? And 2 we’re is he 3  I forgot a bout it. Also  it’s me 3 years
R.I.P fred
💖 oof me heart agghhh ... Why Fred you were the chosen one you were supposed too be #1 not PewDiePie aghh 💀
WHERE THE HELL IS FRED
Poor Fred
Good byyyyye mooooooon Maaan.
What happened to FRED?
you plant the
S E E D
Only 90s Kids Remember Original fred
Fred has a new channel called Lucas
where is Fred?
RIP Fred. We will never forget you
I miss this channel
wow, people are still here. where is fred now?
this video got more dislikes than likes... dang
Rir 
Rest
In 
Rats
Why does this channel still have ads?
This channel is ancient
I can’t belive Fred sold his channel to a bunch of boring 7 year olds...
Fred try to do parkour for views
Oh no 😢😢
Fred is now the default fortnite skin
October 2018 wow
He probably forgot the password to his channel.
Where the hell is fred???
Rip Fred.
This channel is more dead than my grandma.
This feels like pewdiepie being taken over by the industry T series
Why has fred turned into this?
It seems that these people realize buying Fred channel wasn’t profitable..
This isn’t Fred...wth...
LET FREDS CHANNLE GO!
Come back    i miss fred
what happend to FRED?
I have question u are not fred
This channel still exists, i forgot
His channel will be terminated or deleted soon! 👍
I remember Fred
This is the most weirdest video they've seen
i miss funny fred
Everyone is forgetting this channel was the first to reach a million in YouTube history
2018 December anyone?
I came back to this channel to see Fred, BUT WHO THE HECK IS these KIDS. She is nine. Like what?
I miss Fred :( I hate these children :(
I am now sad
Anyone know what he’s up to now?
Fred is dead
anyone in 2019..................i miss fred :(
This channel is dead
ew who are these cringey kids i came here to see fred
Where Fred at?
Why am here in 2019
This is cringe we want Fred back
Fred himself still makes YouTube videos on his other channel.
yeah sorry kids but you destroyed my child hoood so yeah i hate you for that
DO MORE FRED VIDEOS
W-What Does This Had To Do With Friend
what the heck happened to Fred?
RIP...
This is how SMOSH died the same way as fred did. SMH
Fred come me back please im depressed
Guys his new channel is called lucas!
oh yeah yeah
HEA HEA
So we can all agree that this channel is completely dead now?
Si this was his last post
WHY ARE YOUR CHANNEL STILL DEAD
whenever i heard that girls voice i physically wanted to kill myself!
Where is Fred
Lucas was so dumb
my parents won't answer if I was adopted
I fuqin hate mars bars.
2:47 hahaha
We need someone to get the from Yuksung Corporation because there not doing anything  and run it  I want to
I like the old fred😭😭😭
RIP FRED, one of my childhood YouTubers is now dead:(
I've never liked this channel. I didn't like Fred. But I didn't hate it. And I definitely feel absolutely nothing towards these kids. Yeah, it's honestly very cheesy to me for their parents or some business or whatever, to buy this channel and hope they can continue making money off of a fanbase that someone else built for a completely different purpose... But hey, whatever, no big deal.

But putting .. This is one of the cringiest videos I've ever seen. I literally, yes , had a physical reaction and an audible groan within the first 30 seconds of this video.. That second woman.. Jesus christ... I bet, if she wasn't paid, then she walked away from this wanting to facepalm the make-up off her face..
Who knew this would be his last video
Fed do a video
rest in peace fred
This is Fred who’s channel is long sense dead
Where is he?!?
Fred make a video
he's not coming back, i'll miss him
Wtf is this.. we want Fred back! :(
0:27 Well, if that isn't the creepiest way of explaining sex I don't know what is.
If snorks are real why do I have pictures of my mom in the hospital
OFF 100
Rest In Peace Fred
His new channel is Lucas
Article 13: snap
Pewdiepie 
T series
Sml


Smosh
Dantdm
Evantube

Jacksfilms
Theodd1sout


SMR

Big chungus 



Thomas the train

Who will save us now
WTF is this. I went back to this channel to see it again and I see a bunch of this.
The channel died
Such a dead channel
And then they started touching each other
Sadly, babies don't go back
Where is Fred and why hasn’t he posted in 3 YEARS!!
It’s called SE........ conds you wanted me to say X  did you
This is the end!
This is creepy af
Why is there kids holding the "Fred" microphone, wheres fred??
Oh, Lucas.
I think Fred or YouTube let these kids take over the channel
I want Fred figglehorn back
Yet another channel dead
“One time your parents went out and started touching each other and you popped out”
When does Fred come back
I kinda wanna know what he does now
I’m sad to say I am unsubscribed sighs I miss you Fred
Mr.Tube, I don’t feel so good
Fred gave his acc away and he has another channel but he’s not the same as he used to be
Child friendly
Rest in peace fred you are going to be missed but not forgotten
Hey man these kids take these channels every channel which is abandoned become a kid show
Wassup Lucas
R.I.P. FRED.
What happen to him
1:59 stop wait a minute
Crazy how things happen, sad Fred fell off. And they changed it to this without even letting the subs know which left everyone confused and unsubbing
what happened to fred
Lol that guy's wrong it's the ovum which comes from the ovaries.
rip this channel
Did this guy sell his yt account or what the hell happened
99% sure fred forgot his youtube password
i miss fred
The last one lol
Is Fred dead?
And he was the biggest youtuber
Remember when Fred used to make good content back with his fake vlogs etc.
Wheres fred i was here only like 10 years ago
If only he didn’t make a deal with Nickelodeon....
Question: Why can I not drink bleach and stalk people?
Rip Fred you will be missed
I dont want to live anymore
Glad this channel died
Fred Nooooo
FRED
Where is Fred
The boy got some common sense
Fred make a video about yourself plz
1:58 tho 😂
Look at his first video, and then look at this video. This was made six months ago and there hasn't been another since. For a channel with a video that got over 75 million views, this is shameful.
rip this channel
September 2018 anyone?
I miss fred...
RIP fred
Time to see which episode is the last episode that has Fred in it since I don’t see Fred here and I see kids
This became educational
I’m fine with it
hello there
i just whatched a fred video and almost turned brain dead  idk how you guys whatched fred and thank god this channel burned down
Rip Fred
A legend has died
Why did Fred stop 🛑 posting?
WERE THE HECK IS FRED WHY DONT HE MAKE VIDEOS SO MANY ANSWERS I NEED TO NO
fred is dead
boy they took over a famous youtube thanks a lot 10 year old
Soy El Único Que Vino Por Wefere :v
Anyone 2018 October?
Rip fred
2019? This channel is dead....
THEY HAVEN'T UPLOADED VIDEOS FOR 10 MONTHS PRAISE THE LORD. \;-;/
FRED will always stay in our hearts
I really know its not appropriate really
This is a extinct youtuber dying out in the age 2015.Evolving in 2008 it was a very primitive form of youtuber but in its day it was among one of the most successful youtuber on youtube during the years 2013 and 2012 it was starting to decline as more advance youtuber evolved and it has now died out completely,never again until smosh will and youtuber ever be as successful.
At 2:50 the kids like what is my life rn
Rip Fred why did these kids take over
Don’t come back!
I'd rather watch Fred then this
Who else is here because of I Hate Everything?
What happened to Fred?
I think it would have been best to have had the last video be an actual Fred video.
Ded channel.
And the legend has died...
The adoption centre
Where is Fred at?
Rip fred
I guess fred moved on from YouTube, I remember he was always talked about back in high school (negatively of course)
1:58 a guy just turned into stone
Questions my parents won't answer:I told my dad if mine was bigger than his 







He didn't reply
What has happened to this channel years ago it was this weird kid with a high voice then a ton of animations came in then it became this sh*ty a** channel what the heck
Who remembers watching this when they were kids?
Push me to the edge. All of Fred is dead.
Who is here in 2018?
just checked in after ......idk......6/7 years
I came from a broken condom :D
To think that these kids prob weren't even born when Fred was popular
Rip this channel
People who did dont know where baby came from bc they were born in every year
what happened to Fred?
hi 3 years later
one time your dad and mom decided to hang out and touched eachother and you came out
2018? Probably not....
Is Fred Lucas
Why is this channel even called Fred now there's no Fred
Rip Fred
Boooo!
Dude Fred got me on YouTube. Then my mom saw a parody of him talking about sex or something and so she blocked YouTube for like 4 years. I forgot all about him after I got back and I just now remembered. Things have really changed.
So, Lucas gave the channel to you and you don't upload on it.  What bad channel owners.
Lul 2019
hang on a second
Missing fread
Please don't turn this into an educational channel, please.....
I miss Fred
Any 2019?
So i stopped watching FRED in 2011. You know, i grew up. I came back 5 years later and WHAT IN THE LIVING WALRUS BALLS Happened to this channel?!
Ancient stuff
Plz fred where are u
Tf kind of fred is this
Now what the hell happened to the old Fred
Are you alive?
When is he comin back
Don't mind me, just checking to see if the channel is still dead.... yep its still dead
Wow 2019 and the latest comment is from 6 months ago. This channel has been around for a whike and pewdipie just existed and everything and this channel just kinda stopped existeng. Feels bad man. R.I.P FRED. This man will forever be missed
You’re not Fred
Br?????????????????????????????
. . . This channel is dead
I love u
There no more fred
Came here wondering if Fred was still alive. Guess he died
I come back after 5 years wtf
Mi amigo, te están olvidando
My parents never tell me what I am getting for Christmas
Where is Fred now?
from ur mom's virgina!
did fred die or something
what?
No tea spilli'n here.
Where is Fred gone
R u on weed
These young snow kids wont know anything about it
I asked my mom if she cooperated in a large scale human trafficking agency back in the day and she couldn't tell me, dam of these kids were here with me.
Hey fred you have to upload more videos or you will lose subscribers
Anyone still here
Your not fred figglehorn bot!!!!
2018 anyone
Rip ferd
0:28 I know I’m commenting twice, but this is really honest, lmao
this channel is cancerus
I’m uncomfortable
Rip fred
ok nvm he sold the channel and he has another one called Lucas
2:00 Guy in the back: what this white boy doing?
Where is fred
I'm eight and I know we're babies come from 😞😞
Man just watching my childhood go
FRED IS DEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fight Me
00:21 ... Ah yes, a man and a woman
Anyone here in 2019
October or November 2018 anyone?
rip fred the first channel to get to 1mill subs
What happened to fred
The like to dislike ratio jesus
This channel is dead af
I WANT OLD FRED BACK
Who are these small children I wanted Fred :(
WTF why didn’t they just leave his channel with his last video and have these kids make their own channel? I wanted to see his most recent Fred video, but no I get this 😭👊
R.I.P this channel
Fred is dead i think
His new channel is called Lucas
mom wheres dad?
Who are the 2m people still subscribed to this channel
How is this Fred
Where the hell is Fred?
Last video from fred, rip
Why is this channel still called Fred he not here no more
No it’s Dora and diago
Boooo
Is 2019
2018 anyone
Being the first Youtuber ever to hit one million suscriber... This day........
WHERE IS FRED
2018
2018 October 22 who
Fred has a YouTube channel named Lucas
Did he die?
RIP FRED
Fred is dead
Remember when Fred was getting 20 million views on each video.

I know it sucked like it does today but still.

Pretty sure he had 3 million subs and lost about 900k

33k views this is pitiful.
Im only here because pewdiepie reminded me of it
What happened to this channel
Wtf has happend to this channel rip
I think I'm just going to rewatch all of the old Fred videos and cry ;-; RIP Fred, you will be missed :(
Wait a minute, who the hell are these kids
Fred
Milking them out to the last penny
A new buzzfeed
What the hell why is fred a microphone?? Wtf
2019 anyone
WTF IS THIS
Ah its dead
what even is this
Why is there so much shame surrounding sex ed? By making up elaborate lies we're teaching children from a young age that procreation is shameful and not to be talked about. I really don't see the harm in explaining things frankly to young children like the last guy.
This channel is just. TERRIBLE.
I dislike because no one does this and I  want Fred back



THIS IS WHY THEY DON'T POST THE FUNNY COMMENTS.
This guy was worse than Pewdiepie
Where is fred? Now the channel is dead. What else can be said?
An ancient evil sealed away in the darkness. Those who know the evil never speak of it.
Fred's last video :(
1:58 slave birds???
Plese get back and keep doing videos
This just needs to stop, Fred is Fred and these kids don’t belong here
Has anybody heard of smosh they stoped uploading the reappeared out of nowhere hope Fred does
They come out of ur mom's #######
WTF!! Is this?
Where did Fred go
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE
I’ve never seen a worse video then this
R.I.P Fred Figlehorn 2005-2015
We all loved him but now he only does videos on Lucas
Fred is now channel called Lucas
itsss freed
I come back after like 7 or 5 years and who are these people?
Fred, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO US D:
Your parents shag
GradeA made him famous again! :D







Oh wait...
18+
Need Fred please
Where's Fred you fakes!!!!!!!!!!
Im glad this channel died
Since these brats took over the Fred channel let's just talk about the guy at the end who gave them the truth
2:50 wacht that whole part
wow it’s actually such a funny coincidence, like genuinely I’m not even kidding. So basically like half a decade ago if I’m being honest there was like this thing were ummmm like.. well it was basically GUN VIOLENCE
What happened to this channle
GIVE FRED HIS CHANNEL BACK!!!
That's not fred
ded fred
I want Fred figgell horn back
What is life
I’m still waiting for more
this lil girl is 13 now. She a must be cringing bout now
Where are you Fr3d ???....😔😢😢
Wonder what those kids are doing now
Where did fed go
Last guy got balls to tell that kid
2018
What has happened to this channel??
Where did fred go
a good channel died within a few years
i HATE how fred got taken over by these talentless kids
2019 anyone?
Why is this on Fred's channel?
Mom, I have a question for you. 

"WHERE IS THE BLEACH!?!"
Who else misses the classic Fred?
WHAT DID YOU DO TO FRED!!! :[
Wtf happened to don't talk to strangers
Here is a question "why do you think we toke over fred"
Ok kids who is running Fred's channel do you realize 99% of your comments are where's the old Fred we want Fred back why are kids running Fred's channel? And why is the channel still called Fred you kids don't deserve the Fred name atleast change the channel name you kids don't Evan do Fred stuff anymore so it's pointless you should just quit YouTube and ps I get that your trying your best in stuff I'm a 11 year kid to I get it thx

-Aidan
Nathan and mila?

Sounds more like ethan and hila


vape naysh
I wish there was still fred videos
Fred channel supposed to be funny ,not to force little kids ask their parents uncomfortable questions we want the old channel back !!
who are these random people
look at the dislikes this shows something!
Good to see this kids again,  Good job as always  ^_^
I like this channel, it could have been successful without Fred as the name
patrick star's voice WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?!?
865 likes 1k dislikes....hmmmm doesn't seem good.
lucas Cruickshank sold his YouTube to these people.
BRING FRED BACK!!!!!
This channel is terrible WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
Why doesn't everyone just shut up. He sold the channel and has a channel named Lucas so stop asking!
anybody remember that guy named Lucas who was really funny/goofy that we all loved as kids

yea he's gone now, and will be missed, were stuck with these people who bought his channel now

A great star like the one and only Fred, he battled the annoying orange, he teamed up with iCarly, and at one point was the most famous person on the internet, and now we get this stuff.......


I literally just got back here after 5 years, I felt like trying to recreate some old memories from when I was young and would sit at my computer and watch fred
I am truly disappointed in the people who thought they could capitalize on his fame, not only have you ruined one of the biggest stars, but you literally took one of THE MOST POPULAR CHANNELS TO EVER EXIST, and made it to were it gets a equal amount of dislikes as likes, I am disappointed in you all

very, very disappointed
what happened to this channel...
WHAT DID U DO TO FRED EVIL DEVILS
Wow this channel has SO gone downhill. Like 2 kids instead of FRED
I subscribed 3 years ago and now...I'm done
Can we stop trying to revive this channel because everytime it ends getting worse
Fred's channel isn't about him anymore, come back Fred!! 😢😢
Leave this guys just do it guys JUST DO IT!!!
NicE HAir LINe, NATHAn
1.Kiss your hands 5 times
2.post this under 3 Fred videos 
3.look under your pillow
1.16 perfect timing
uhhh these are not all the right answers to plastic sergury,  got plastic sergury when I was a baby because I was born without a pallet not to look different. (t is called cleft pallet f you are wondering)
These new kids 'kid'napped Fred
Where is the Fred I remember and love
Disgusting kids get off
WAIT! 
Before you scroll down, let me tell you what the comments have for you! 

99.8% - people complaining about these kids.
0.1%. - Smart people that know he has a new channel
0.1% - Randomness (including me)
1.Kiss your hand five times.
2.Post this on another FRED video.
3.Look under your pillow.
Some pepole NEED plastic surgey if they break something
Hey i know nathen he goes to my school
IS THIs a fred channel or not i know fred is gone but they can just change the name like fred news or anything else
who wants the old Fred back
I definitely miss you Fred. We are here and rooting for you to come back on youtube.
lucas sold his fred account thats why they are on this channel
I thought this Fred channel was real I don't know why he sold it
Fred has a new account I forgot the name though I'll find it
Who are these hooligans? Where is Fred? Did you lock him in your basement? That's my question.
WHERE DID THE OLD FRED GO!!!!!!!!!
EVERYBODY FRED HAS ANOTHER CHANNEL CALLED LUCAS
Why do parents fight all the time
fred is awesome.
I don't enjoy this.
10% is just people telling Lucas lovers shut up he sold his channel

90%  We MISS LUCAS GET THESE CHILDREN OUT OF HERE UGGGHHHH
LUCAS U GOT HACKED FROM THESE THESE THINGS
there follow the personal twitter @ loucosfutebol13
In a Groundskeeper Willy voice EY I'LL GET THE SHOTGUN AND PUT THIS BULLSHEIT DOWN TO REST
Fred come back I miss you! 😞
NO ILL NEVER SUB
IM NATHAN
Let's get answers from TOTAL STRANGERS!
this used to be my favourite youtube channel but now I wish it didn't exist. 

this channel is just cringe now
This channel went to down hill ALOT!!!
0:42 'and more like barby or ken' 😂
"Well, today, we're going to get those answers!"

"FROM TOTAL STRANGERS!"

"This should be fun Nathan... >:')"
Ask where baby's come from then I'll maybe enjoy this channel
" more like Barbie or Kim " 😂
Shane Dawson officially killed Fred. Lol I miss the old YouTube
I KNOW NATHAN
my question for the next episode is "how to make babies".
This is getting old guys Lucas (the actor for Fred) Sold out his channel he no longer wants to do Fred videos. But if you want to still watch videos from him look up Lucas Cruikshank. (His blogging channel)
IF YOU WANT FRED GO TO HIS OTHER CHANNEL CALLED 'LUCAS'
Lucas sold this channel.
#BRINGBACKFRED
Famous Fred not these kids
Not to be mean, but this video has at least 5000 views and Fred gets like at least 150000 views or 1000000 views.
wow i read about that kids and the say that they get payd
If you want to watch FRED watch lucas
RIP fred
AND AM NATHAN
this is not fred sooo stop how is this fred
Fred has 2 channels 1 is called hey it's fred!
Ask why do people drink energy drinks
classic Fred plz
When did Fred become a microphone
FRED!!!!
Fred was on icarly!!
I like the real fred tigglehorn :'(
Love your videos
how to ruin a channel 101.
His new channel is Lucas go to it now
I miss the old fred
old fred please please
:'( I MISS FRED!
I love all the forced divirsty in the videos
WHY DID FRED LEAVE AND GO TO LUCAS!!!
the boy laugh need a plastic surgery
WOW! I remember your videos from like 5 years ago ... so strange seeing this channel again
We're is funny Fred
This channel is dead 
   I miss old fred videos
Nicki Minaj is 🍑 THICK 🍆💦
Boooo!
Famous Fred not these kids
rip fred
I miss fred 😢
LOL like know one watches this channel
that kid and the kind from episode one are from Steve Greene's channel! from bhis Christmas videos lol😂
90% of people in this comment section: Complaining about Fred's channel not being Fred's channel anymore.

10% of people in this comment section: Actually commenting something relevant to the video.
Rip fred :'(
bring lucas
Wtf happened to Fred
I want Fred back he's funny
weeeeeeeeeeee want fred
Stop trying you idiots Fred is gone and you should be too
I actually know the girl mila in this video, she is very sweet.
I WANT FRED BACK
I love fred show me his number
I actually enjoys the new videos who is with me ...... no one??
Uh hell no
Wheres the 2017 Squad?!?😄😄
I can't watch!!!
We want more Fred figglehorn
First comment
this isn't fred
Like als je ook. Door vako hier komt!
BRING FRED BACK
i miss fred
want fred figgle horn back
Bet they can't find any suggestions because of the comments
¿Any gringo explains what happened to Fredd?

Yes, My English is horrible. Sorry
Pero es que soy argentino wey :v
Wtf is this ITS CALLED FRED not what ever this Is
GIVE US FRED BACK!
I miss fred
Can I be on it
GIVE ME FRED
:(
WHERES FRED!
"they wanna look like barbie or ken" XD
Now I know.... There is no god
this channel is dead.
What happened to fred?
Yay! Im the reason why the likes was 16!
GUYS WHERE DID FRED GO :(
You're a sell out, Lucas.
WHAT HAPPENED TO FRED???
we're fred
Can you call Fred I like he'm
Kiss your hand 5 times
Post this on three Fred videos
Look under your pillow for pink ipad
and im nathan
get wiiu lucas
WHERE'S REAL FRED?!
I haven't seen this in 7 years a forgotten fred and know hi a chanells dead
Seriously where is Fred
I miss fred
1:19 WTF peeing on the kid??
Everyone hates these vids
Yeh change the name
I have a request for another video of thus series! When will the classic FRED!!! $! $&!\!\ come back?
#IMISSFRED!!!
the new owner's of Fred are a joke.
Wheres my Damn fred!
We're the real fred figilhorn???????
One year..
999 likes
Who Runs this channel now?
get Fred back you!
NO! THIS CANT HAPPEN! WHERE IS OLD FRED???
U are bums on YouTube
FIRST
Why hasn't there been any content from this channel in over a year?
I miss Fred it was so much better then lucas
I'm crying in pain soooo boring and bad
are you like freds kids or something?
The the hell did I just walk Into
hahahah everyone hates them
Eh y do you hit this cannel
this channel now gives me cancer
What happend to Fred??
you guys are just saying because you have 1 - 3 subs nubs.
He gave his channel away and his new channel is called LUCAS
Why Is This The First Channel Ever To Hit 1M Subs?
He sold this channel a while ago. He has had his new channel for over 6 years it's called Lucas.
I miss Fred😢
this is just cringe
from total strangerths
Bring Fred back
This is just sad.
1:37 the people in the background make me laugh
My parents won't tell me why they wrestle with Billy's parents every weekend.
can they at least change the darn name of this channel!
The cringe
They always wear the same cloths
Welcome to Dead Channel!
"from total strangers"
"this should be fun nathan"
great lesson for the kids, go and ask strangers, its not like pedophiles exist
RIP THUS CHANNEL
is your name mila
FRED AKA LUCAS CHANNEL IS LUCAS
Why do yo hit this channel
I haven't seen Fred since he was ✌six✌️ who are these brats
Where is Fred
Fake content
My mom answered this question
we're fred
If They Sold The Channel At Least Change The Name! Like Today I Was Feeling Like Watching Some Nostalgic Fred And Then BOOM! Theese Random Kids Pop Up! Liek If U Agree
dead
Everyone says "we want fred back" he is to old
Haaaaaa this channel is dead af
why do people dont have tails?
WHERE IS DAD
This is so weird
Can't even get a single million views.....Tsk tsk tsk
bring back fred
WE WANT FRED!WE WANT FRED! everyone chant with me! WE WANT FRED!
It is not FRED probably they copied his channel name
That girl looks like to Lady Gaga.
HEYITSDEAD
no one watches this anymore
R.I.P fred
we want fred
This ruined the entire channel
Next video : "Were the noises mommy and daddy were making last night were just them wrestling?"
Why Do Kids Don't Get Married But Adults Do?

Why Does Evolution Work For More Then An Hour?

How Are Babies Generated?
1:20😒
Why'd he quit
why is this channel called fred anymore
you guys tried...but it was doomed from the start
GIVE FRED HIS CHANNEL BACK
Fml
nathan looks like me and we jave the same name my name is Nathan Brexon the III
This Chanel is doing very bad now because it's not fred
phase at 01:19
Why more dislikes?
They think they don't look pretty and they think they look old so they get it.
we want fred
I have a question for you where is fred
I miss the old Fred videos ... :(  What's he even up to these days
wtf happened
what does this have to do with Fred
SCREW U WE WANT THE REAL FRED BACK!!!
Hello
Who are these people
and they have 1K dislikes like omfg
At this point I’ve grown an immunity from drinking so much bleach
I have some questions too!  "WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!" "WHY DID LUCAS LET THEM KEEP HIS CHANNEL!" "LEAVE HIS CHANNEL AND BRING OLD FRED BACK! " "WHY ARE YOU EVEN ASKING THESE QUESTIONS?! "
anyone 2019?
bring old fred back
This reminds me of abc or something, it's sad for these kids to do this but to also take over Fred's channel..
Fred stop making my ears bleed!
bruh the creator of Fred sold the account to these kids that don't know how to make videos😂I laugh everytime I see there vids and like I'm not saying they suck but in my opinion there channel is funny cuz they come out of Fred's channel randomly 😂😂💀I'm dead
This channel is dead
what is that
Why havent fred make a new episode
I liked the old fred better unlik me these jerks
mumsusksokskeki io
⏺
🕳
am I the only one who likes this?!?!
Give the channel back to Lucas 
WHAT FRED WAS AWESOME BEFORE THESE KIDS CAME
Soooo why is it called Fred
Why does this guy have so many dislikes?
Asking because this is the first time being on his channel
FRED SOLD HIS CHANNEL. NOT CRYING AT ALL
3rd
Fred sold his channel
Wtf? Where's Fred?
this gave me ear cancer
WTH!!
get off lucus Chanel !!!!
Ugh were is the real Fred!
bring old fred back
This is not Fred
1:19 I THOUGHT HER TITANIUM WE'RE CRYING
WHERE THE HELL IS FRED?!??!
aNd I'm NaThAn
#notmyfred
You're still alive?
Wow, beside Justin biebers videos this is the first you tune video I have seen with more dislikes then likes.
where is fred?
You still are aware the Fred is the director right?
#BringBackFred
1:19 ;-; Omg
This channel should burn
Who are these brats 😫
did fred sell his channel
ok
being old fred back
This channel are not active anymore its dead
When I subscribed to this channel with my first YouTube account 8 years ago, I didn't do it to see this crap.
bring ild fred back
RIP fred
why is this on fred's channel? i'd rather watch fred...
ask what are those plastic white filled things in my parents room that they tell me not to touch and why co they call them sausage rappers
OK this makes no sense.. I feel that this show could be good.. but one problem.. u are slapping Fred on it. Fred is about skits not random kids. that's like me naming my channel cooking with Andrea but I do acting skits
this channel is still going. lol
FRED is by kids hack!
Did gred die cuz he made a vidieo in 2008 well he mist be my age b**
0:56 lol
I unsubscribed cause 2 babies are running this channel
you guys arent fred
these kids dont even know whos fred
How does this have anything to do with fread
People. The kids won't leave because a couple people want them to. You're not doing anything.
whered u put fred
Go to lucas' channel for some fred videos New videos
Sup
1:41 is that zoella
MOREEEE
i miss the old vids like... when fred was in it
This is depressingly sad.
GET OFF THE CHANNEL U DORKS
ask how do babies get born
wtf am i watching?
bring back fred we don't want dump kids on his videos
FЯED
how even there is people that liked the video '-'
0:00 cringeing already
FRED IS DEAD!!!!
sad
Why Fred?Why Fred?You let kids run you channel
Fred is just going to become inactive FOREVER if the comments become just a toxic pool of hate, he came back after FOUR years, he has grown up. He is not 13 anymore...
This channel is dead Lucas should of not sold it
I have a question were does baby come from
These videos are boring 😐😕I like Fred much better!!!
omg get them stupid kids out..  and we're fred:(
"from total thhrangerthhsshs
That kids hairline
This is so much better than actual Fred. this is entertaining.
where is the old channel? This one is rubbish!
wow
me :c
more dislikes than likes why
I bet no one will we this
Being ugly is bad because they can kill people with their uglyness
1k likes 1k dislikes no good
R u on weed
What happened to Fred? Why would he sell this channel? What is his new channel?
Who the Hell are these kids I came here to watch Fred
Where is fred
What does this have to do with Fred?
It's Lucas his channal
Guys who dont know where Fred is gone. His new Channel is Lucas! Enjoy this comment ;)
Now that I've heard a kid say go on a "juice cleanse" i truly want to die but not before seeing this world die
WTH I got a plastic surgery ad...
wonderful fred
1:19 just look
Fred is dead Lucas isn't even running the channel anymore
they ruined fred
Who are these people!!!! I want fred!
😂😂😂😂 the thumb downs
Well looks like it's time for me to unsub. Childhood ruined.
Fred is dead
Why are they on feeds channel 😵
Woah! First time ever being under 301 views! View 63. Like 39. Dislikes 5.  Yeah I am BOSS!!!
my parents would answer that
I miss Fred figglehorn. This crap sucks.
Dislike if you want the real Fred back
unsub and dislike because the REAL fred is gone ..
these ppl ruined feeds channel!
3 :-) :-) :-) :-) :-[:-:-[8
Although  Fred is terrible,wtf does this have to do with anything?
Stop leaving all the hate plz. Kids are funny just watch and Maybe you'll like the video
Bring back Fred.
Bring back Fred.
2017
2018 anyone?
I haven't watched this for 5 years who are the kids
Lucas new channel and kids GO AWAY ...
Why in the duck is this fred 
wht is fred not in thos video you know the channel is fred why is fred not here?
Guys, quit with the mean comments. If you read the "about" tab, you'd see that Lucas had already quit his channel, and instead made it a community channel so kids can have a creative outlet. Fred is gone, but his kid-fans aren't. It's sweet what he did with his channel, so quit being jerks.
Rock Bottom officially reached. 
Give it back to Lucas your bad romadles  and Fred is awesome but this is just terrible
Mila and Nathan are on the street to get the scoop on questions that their parents won't answer. They'll get the answers they want or make strangers uncomfortable while trying. Today, they ask strangers why people get plastic surgery.
Best part was 3:01 the rest was crap
why does this have more dislikes than the likes
0:56 isnt that uncle ian from alvin and the chipmunks
Only 5 videos of dis Questions have little more likes then dislikes but most of them have a lot of dislikes and low views
I HATE THEM THEY TOOK OVER FRED CHANNEL AHHHHH!
Wow
Fred is dead.
rip fred
that blue shirt kid is cute
Because they want to die younger
Why at any point does any one want to know what Plastic Surgery?
How many kids own this channel
yep
wait wtf the black guy is a guy
This is not Fred !!!!!!!
quit uploading this stuff, its  pointless. am I the a only one that finds this crap a waste of time?!


I'll admit that even though this is kind of cringy, the little girl is so cute and she's pretty good at this.
👎
p
Why wouldnt parents tell their children about that?!?
Am I the only one who's mom had plastic surgery??
2018
Wtf happened to Fred ?
Life sucks kids, enjoy the time you are free from government taxes and debts.
DISLIKE FOR DA KIDS!!!
how do you die?
They always seem to have a black kid and white kid social experiment ???????
what in gods name is this crap. Its utter garbage which should just get deleted and the kids in it should get grounded for being in this video. I bet they get properly 1 lolly and 1 pound every video
Hey my name is Nathan!
This sux
More old Fred please !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
under 301 club
132 nd veiw #under 301 club

The channel is dead
these kids are brats
Don't talk to strangers
Is this channel even active anymore ???
After Fred left this Chanel is actually decent! How did Fred even become popular with lame jokes and annoying voice
Why do ladies get periods?
Do how are babies born
Daddy Figglehorn
The boy sucks
GET THE OLD FRED BACK!!!!!!! THIS IS CRAP!!! WHOS WITH ME
FRED IS DEAD
why is there in every episode a black person and white person boy or girl and why did they stop making the show
hey kid want some candy
this was Fred's YouTube account but the owner took it away and gave it to a these crappy kids they can get over a thousand likes like omg wtf!!!
How was this popular at one point? This channel, not the kids asking questions

2018?
Vanossgaming any1?
Their sexist cuz the girls always say their name first
This channels dead
Because those people that get plastic surgery are stupid time waiters
Damn this Channel is dead af
what is this garbage
Where is Fred figglehorn
What  Is thi
Guys go back and the videos with famous youtubers are more popular
Give us Lucas back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate you kids Lucas was way better!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fre Sold His Youtube Channel But Thid Kids Is So Not Popular
how do those kids know about juice cleanses?
Ok this channel is dead ugh!
dude please just change the name of this channel or quit it cause u can see EVERYONE hates ur channel, ni offense
What happen to Fred and now it's dumb 6 year olds
This is absolutely garbage!!!!! Who’s misses Fred Figglehorn?!?!😭
Ok cool :)
I miss fred
.....
Reported kidnapping
2019
ᖇ
RIP Fred 
I love how they usually chose a boy and a girl so it doesn’t look like they’ve sexist and usually pick a white and a black so it doesn’t look like they are racist
funny
MY CHANNEL JUST DIED FROM YESING TOO HARD
I HAVENT BEEN ON THIS CHANNEL FOR 5 YEARS WHO ARE THESE KIDS THEY HAVE RUINED THIS CHANNEL
That black kid is cory in the house before he was in the house.
This crap has more dislikes than likes. You should just quit. At least change the name of the channel. I can't believe that parents are letting their RETARDED kids go around town and ask strangers about plastic surgery.
Where is fred anyways
this channel sucks
Why did Fred give away his channel 😒😞😔😣😖😞😰😢😥👎🏻😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪
Kids are cute but they are acting too much like adults
The dumbest kids in the world
I hope you kids and all the other kids on this channel have cancer now
Each kids are different race each video. What a joke.
There nice kids Fred was just let them leave them alone i hate hate comments on kidd
Why does the doctor look at us naked
1:19 just look closely at the womans bodies and the water
What does the eggplant emoji mean
😵😵😡
This isn't Fred tho they should change the name
***DEMONITIZED***
This video sucks
Where’s Fred ?
do any of you have bleach
WTF
Garbage
el primer canal en youtube en conseguir 1 millon de subs en lo que a acabado con solo 200 mil visitas y antes tenia 10 millones por video
Where is Fred 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😠😠😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭👿😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😤😤😤😥😤😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😰😨😨😨😨😨😨😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪
Why is everyone sending so much hate? They're only little kids. Seriously, I don't know why people are being so mardy.
mean comment
dude this channel has  2.5 mil   subs and this video has only 160k views we need to get these kids killed soon as possible
I love how this channel is losing subscribers faster than ice melts in the summer 
Is that Ruby Rose Turner????
I WANT THE ORIGINAL FRED BACK!!!!! IF YOU ALL WANT HIM BACK SAY "WE WANT OLD FRED BACK!"
THIS ISNT THE REAL FRED I WANT FRED FIGGLEHORN BACK 😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬
Wow this channel is dead. The kids are cute to look at but they're really annoying when they speak.
OMG ruby rose turner looks soooo young
I want Fred back
OLD FRED!!!!!!
1:58 the guy is creepy and is Smiling while saying they can blow up the plane.
Its like the guy is a Terrorist
I want old fred back
I'm so glad they don't upload anymore but omggggg that's Ruby Rose Turner
Ruby rose turner from Disney channel!!! 

Also anybody else from 2019
Why would parents not answer that question??
Who even runs this channel anymore? May chin chin have mercy  on whoevers fat doggin it with this channel
WE WANT FRED BACK
Dont even upload anymore, there is no point 
Why does Fred not make videos 
It's just funny!
Nobody cares about these videos! 
Only 8000 views?
This channel is losing subs.
Give up already, nobody cares about these videos!
I miss the old videos he used to post! FRED
"Why would you have a bomb in your bag?"
"CAUSE THATS WHAT PEOPLE DO!"

LIFE ADVICE 101
OMG that's ruby rose turner from musicaly
Im glad this channel is dead lol :')
Eyyy ruby is now on coop and cami
"WE WANT OLD FRED BACK
After the girl said I'm Ruby, the little boy said I made you.
Omg the girl is Ruby Rose Turner
I WANT THE OLD FRED BACK I DON'T LIKE THIS. (no offense to anyone on the channel) BUT I MISS FRED SO MUCH
Man, I miss the ol' days :(
5th!!!!
Ask where do babies come from like if you want to see them do it and like if you like the idea
but why?? i haven't heared of this....
Why is the blonde little girl so obnoxious lol
I want the old FRED back 
and the old FRED is better "
am I the only one who likes the new series?
COLOMBIAA!!
"Ten reasons this channel sucks!"
This is as almost as cringy as the original Fred.(please don't kill me)
We want old FRED back
READ AMMEDIATLY
FreD has a new channel its called Lucas i think its not the same but ya
0:30 Those idiots
Edit: Heres a question my parents wouldn't answer but In know the answer to it. Why Is there no bins at the airport? The answer: because people might put bombs in it to blow poeple and the airport up.
Hi Fred I love you so much but you you are so loud and annoying at times
I❤️Fred
my parents don't answer the question "Are aliens real?"
I want Fred back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And I already subscribed to the Fred channel
THATS RUBY ROSE TURNER (CAMI) from Coop And Cami Ask The World
Ruby Rose! Love youu
Why is this on FREDS channel
My parents tell me to Siri it
i know the answer to this but maybe you should do this:
what are bad words 
lol
This channel is dead without Lucas(REAL FRED) !!!!
That's Ruby from Coop and Cami 😂😂😂
Honestly when he went to nickelodeon he stuffed up. Sorry mate.
Lucas,why did you sell your channel?
Am I the only one who enjoys watching Questions My Parents Won't Answer..? ; ^ ;
first vid with more dislikes than likes
90'000 veiws old ones with Fred had like 30 mill
Hi sunny day
get back Fred. :(
Dk not bring wepens in the airport
And where do baby's come from XD
Bring Ferd back bring Fred back bring Fred back bring him back
is santa real
is easterbunny real
The first one didn't even know why!😂
oh my god Ruby is SO cute!!!
Hoje em dia a rubya tá na série da Disney!!coop e cami 

Hello brazil😋
Where do babies come from is the classic
Questions my parent won't answer : Where do babies come from?
Lol love ya vids fred ❤️
maybe WHERE DO BABIES COME FROM?!!?!?!?
Ruby Rose Turner is cute in this
I thought the channel was called Fred not talking with kids
Where do baby's come from?😂
Where is  fred? ;-;
FRED WHY DID YOU SOLD THE CHANNEL?
A video without him?
WE ANT OLD FRED BACKKK
ruby rose turner
Where do babies come from
my parents would answer this question...
THIS ISNT FRED
Ruby rose Turner  
From coop and Cammie asked the world
Stuff me in  a suit fred  please
40th (I think)
2:24 Yes We Learnt That Anything Besides Fred On This Channel Is Terrible!
23 comment
I love how there are more dislikes than likes. Keep it that way. Please.
Questions my pants won't answer!!! LOL
lol the kid thinks hes grown up XD 1:57
why on earth my parents would not answer this question
Some how my mom smuggled a knife threw tsa
These kids didn't even get 2mill subs legit there Fred's old subs
WHERES FRED
WE WANT OLD FRED BACK
OMG IS THAT RUBY (Lauren Orlando's friend)....OMG....SHE LOOKS THE SAME AS SHE IS NOW BUT YOUNGER!!! SHES SOOO CUTEEE
We want Fred back 😫
I don't have to take my shoes of in Ireland on the airport
OMG ITS RUBY FROM MUSICAL.LY
Ugh I wish ppl would stop asking to "bring back Fred!" he is literally a 21 year old man with his own channel, there is no reason for him to be making Fred videos anymore! I'm just glad he kept the channel so we can watch his old videos for nostalgia.
1:18 Thats copyrighted lol, It's the grateful dead logo on that dude's shirt.
November 6th is BRING FRED BACK day WRITE BRING FRED BACK ON UR WRIST
I miss Fred❤️
Put the knife in just put it in 🔪👜
A question my mom won't Answer is that I ask her
Where is FRED😨😢
Where's old Fred ?!?
this channel is rubbish now
i THOUGHT THE GUY SAID I made you instead of im andrew im like ...
RUBY!♥️
Lucas why is the channel called "Fred" if it has no Fred anymore
drugs
Hi
Second
my parents won't answer "mom why did u and dad get married if u got in a divorce" i have always wonder that
i watch rubby when she is older on musically who else was thinking the same
my parents won't let me know why people make noises
my parents won't let me know why people make noises
ruby rose turner??
Wow, Awesome,  Good to see you kids again  ^_^
old Fred!!! 😭😭😭😭
That guy was right u just take off ur shoes so people think the TSA is doing their job
14th comment Yayyyyy
that's Ruby Rose Turner
ITS BECAUSE THEY MIGHT BE CRIMMINALS OR CANNIBALS THAT BRINGS KNIFES AND FORKS AND EAT THEM ON THE PLANE OR BOMB IT
That's Ruby Rose Turner! She's a really popular girl on musical.ly!
my mom and dad don't answer why do ppl fall in love
Where the heckle is Fred?
YOUR NOT FREDDD
its not even the Fred channel
swiftor
1:22 Slaiman is that you? Is that you behind the little kid?
my faveroite part is 6379:27 (hint thats when it ends)
Is this the real Fred.....
where do you live
where do you live
2:19-2:25 you know he wanted to say beer.
A question my mom won't Answer is that I ask her
Kiss your hand 5 times
Post this under 3 fred post
Look under your pillow
What tampons are used for
He's worst as ksiHD
Did that kid say his name was "Ajew"? 😂😂😂
My persons say I have to get older to know the answer to this question where do baby's come from
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
was that Swiftie?
Fred was good, and was at the top of YouTube fame, but his time was up, all we can do is just be grateful for what he made
all these videos have more dislikes then likes!
mom won't. answer why i never met my dad and she won't answer any questions about my dad
WHERE BABIES COME FROM
Everyone dislike
wait i've never neen in a airport. Do you really have to take off your shoes in an airport amd why
mines wont answer how old she is
I want fred back he was like the first funny guy on this website
Oh that's the girl from the ABC Mouse commercial!!
RUBY FROM COOP AND CAMI
This ain't comedy
dead
In New Zealand you don't have to take your shoes off
omg ruby!!
Does the girl have musical.ly
Fred’s a microphone
My parents won't tell me why they got devorced
security theater
what happend to fred?
3rd
u guys are the best!! <333333 I lov
Why do we stop growing
I'm out of this shiet
Who did you get married
What happened? Haven't been on this channel for YEARS.
How do i get on this dhow im 9
How do i get on this dhow im 9
where do baby come from and how?
WHAT HAPPEND TO THIS CHANNEL
Why do they have us on Fred's channel
Fake! The British girl was from last episode..
Fred where fred. Or say bad word
is Santa real
I wonder where do babys come from
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WE WANT FRED BACK
Where do babys come from
Ruby rose turner is on there
RUBY ROSE TURNER, WHAT THE HELL ARE DOING HERE??
what the hell happened to fred
Good video.
i think thats a million
we want fred back!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Reply
1
the guy at 0:35 watches to much collage humor
Fred!
old fred old fred not little kids this makes me sad lucas what have you done
Ruby in the future you will be on a tv series
My parents wont answer what is puberty
why aren't the strangers finding something suspicous clears throat holding a mic in their face and stranger danger
Love how Ruby ended up on Disney Channel and at this age she had no idea
why there's no e in the grading system.  I mean what's wrong with them.  they deserve to be treated fairly
Just Stop
Kiss your hand five times than comment this on a other Fred video then look under ur pillow
how can you fit a bomb in a shoe
What's up
æi låvv tiss stjænnel
where do babbys come from????????????
Sgit
Cool
i want fred now😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢 😢
Bring back Fred.
You are VERY cool. You are my first youtube i saw. And i don't know why i don't se you now. Please i want to see you in "your" videos
Why do people kill each other?
Weird. I've never taken m shoes off at the airport. I've only taken them off when I have to stop by the United States for s connected flight. Maybe it's just for them :/
I know Ruby is
Fred is the best when I was little kid like 5
Kiss your hand five times then comment this on the other Fred videos then look under your pillow
What is the features of god???
Who else is watching this in 2017😂😂😂
why do you love that
ruby turnerrrrrrrrrrrr
is this how ruby rose turner got famous????
BRING FRED BACK!
Ruby has a show now
That girl is from musicly the blond one
Lol
Fred what the heck what happened to your old videos not just other people just to you
Where do baby's come from
We want old Fred back
the  kid looks like the young jayden smith
Fred comback old fred come baaaaaack stupid new fred
those two kids look alike
Blond girl went to Disney now. That's a step up.
Is that the girl from coop and cami
FRED IS DEAD
FRED is dead
I like how the first one was honest. Very good.
Why is the boys always cringy
The little girl on Ruby Is famous she plays on a Disney show called coop and Cami
Bru who des kids on this channel  now I'm glad this channel is dead😭😭😂
I wanted to see old Fred vids.... not these unfunny kids
ThIS IS CRaP
How about this question: why can't we talk to strangers?
Aw little Ruby Rose Turner
"Do you think it was cause of 9\11?" Oh so there parents tell them about a bombing in New York, but they don't tell you why they search a suitcase......
hello hirst youtuber to 1000000000
RUBY ROSE TURNER!!
1:58 he looks creepy as heck
Kiss your hand 5 times
Repost 3 times on Fred videos
Look under your pillow
why were the adults laughing when they were talking about bombing planes...
We wont old fred
where ice cream come from
Ruby rose Turner was young
OMG OMG KESHA WAS THERE
Me just a really late person confused on why there is more dislikes than likes someone explain
I love how half of the kids are black and white
wheres fred
If there parents don't tell them this something must be wrong there gonna think they live in the world of rainbows and happiness till there 15 of something?
subscribers...
wait that was ruby only two years ago?? awww
Omg 2 1/2 million subs and not even 1000 likes! What a flop fred was way better!
BRING BACK FRED THIS CHANNEL IS DEAD (COPY AND PASTE ON EVERY VIDEO)
Ok what the frick is this? The Fred I subscribed for a few years back is now dead. Unsubbed. 
Ruby is adorable
I know why he does not make the cool FRED videos...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ...he does not look like what he did along time ago
WE WANT FRED BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She’s famous
Ruby ysddd
Fifth
My bday is 9/11 and people are shocked when I tell them
I won't more fred
BRUH I'm 11
die
Fake channel
im binge watching this sit because fred was n=my childhood..is this what it as turned into?
Noob you
i dislike video
Wait ruby
Pass the bleach please
Ya! 👿
The kids doesn't even care that we miss Fred 
0:01 did that kid said I made you??
one they wont is how to rent a prostitude
DO THE RUBY ROCK
Ruby and Major are on the street to get the scoop on questions that their parents won't answer. They'll get the answers they want or make strangers uncomfortable while trying. Today, they ask strangers why it is they have to take their shoes off at the airport.
Dislike if u want the real Fred back
RUBY OMG
 Fred could please do your hularious cartoons again?
I actually find freds stupid fake voice annoying but  these kids can be kinda annoying to
Hahaha. I thought the African American kid said my name is I made you
I hate this thing
Wow ruby rube was young
I hate it stoop po making videos
This
Where is Fred !!??
WOW THE FIRST BLACK KID HAS TO TALK ABOUT GETTING SEARCHED ARE YOU TRYING TO MAKE PEOPLE MORE UNCOMFORTABLE OR ARE YOU TRYING TO BE AN A$$ HO*E
the the people who own the channel now need to be banned from the internet
OMG THATS RUBY AWWWW
Im pretty sure half of people subscribed to the real fred unsubscribed for this crap
ha he said I made yoy
WHY FRED WHY U CHANGE THA CHANNEL 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 
Why do people do drugs 
Where is Fred !?!?!? 
6th
Fred Fred Fred rulers this stinks like heck Fred videos is awesome 
Dead channel
Ahit
stop...... ruby...............
These kids just want to be famous YouTube is messed up I imagine you tube in 2026 it's just gonna be an MLG site 👾👺👍🏻👎🏻👅👺👾👮🏻💂🏿👾
BOOOOOOOOO 👎👎👎👎
Why do you poo
Is Santa real
Aww rubyy
RURU
The girl sucks
My parents won't answer how are babies mase
okay by the way the reason why they actually scan your bags and shoes is because they're looking for a nice bombs or any other dangerous things already a terrorist attack has already happened at an airport that is why and this is the real answer don't take it as some other answer this is there real answer
ask them why do police check peoples pockets?
2019?
Why wont parents answer this? Whats wrong with saying they search for guns and bombs
what in gods name is this crap. Its utter garbage which should just get deleted and the kids in it should get grounded for being in this video. I bet they get properly 1 lolly and 1 pound every video
:( I miss fred videos he was so funny I use to watch him when I was little I don't like his new videos they kinda funny but not that much sometimes I watch his new videos because I just like seeing him well I guess I would say he alright his new videos :/
she is so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so           cute
Wtf
Que
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!IS!!!!!!!RUBY ROSE TURNER💖💛💚💙💜💘🖤💓💔💕💝💞
First
Why is it always a white person and a black person 
(No racism)
If your parents don't answer your questions.....just GOOGLE them...

Uncle google is your best friend
cuz they aint no money
My parents would answer this question 😕😕😕
What ever happened to FRED-The Guy that was screaming in the hotel room





Good memories m8 good memories
So this is what the Fred channel has turned into? Literal cancer
i hate modern fred, why? i dident see fred this entire video: BRING BACK OLD FRED! LETS START A RIOT!
"he's gotta make some power moves in his shower shoes"

-Random Guy, 2015
Where do babies come from like if u agree
I kinda miss fred i remember watching him on my moms iphone years ago when i was younger but hes gone now and i havent been on in a couple years and i came back to find that its over 😥
HE SAID WE NEED A NEW PRESIDENT... WELL NOW WE HAVE TRUMP! U HAPPY NOW?????
Where is Fred a.k.a. Lucas
WE WANT FRED BACK RELLY BADLY
Where do babies come from.ask that question next time
So now this Channel turned into a kid show I guess.
"They ain't got no money" that got me laughing so hard 😂👏🏼
i am seriously thinking about unsubbing not that i dont like whats happpening its just we need fred back the REAL FRED
Lol they live there for fun
I WANT THE OLD FRED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that last dude was preaching anyone agree
Well I was just looking through youtube and found this channel after so many years........it needs to die.
Are they ever going to make a good video again???
My parents would answer me anything, but I don't wanna ask them because I feel wierd and shy.
I love that some people are like,
"Because they like the fresh air!"
And some people are like,
"Cause they got no home."
XD
Put this "show" out of its misery
omg that description... 




IT'S "STREETS" NOT "STREET'S"
Fred channel used to be popular he had like 1 million subs
This isn't FRED!
FIRST!
there follow the personal twitter @ loucosfutebol13
Mr. Dude at 1:34, thank you for speaking the truth.
WE WANT FRED EVERYONE SAY WITH ME
Well his channel is basically dead
Damn, less than 40k views... youtube really is a sharkpit to retain the kind of attention you got in your prime
Make freds channel great again!!
I WANT FR3D BACK ,•^•
It's about time you got into making videos again! Keep it up!
Yay I'm the 200th disliker!
calm down, Lucas grew up
go watch lucas u prob be like ITS FREEEEED
What hapend to Fred and the video's you know the funny voice why did you stop those video's
What is the point of jelly beans
the people answering obviously know what is going on after the kid is holding a mike
I miss when this was just FRED the boy who screamed in hotel rooms
I miss the old Fred :(
Its FAKE the Guy at 0:55 is the same as in Kids Advice 2 still i love it 

and Lucas (Fred) whatever why did you sell the channel to  to the major Korean corporation Yuksung Corporation
rip in peperoni fred
Plz bring back Fred
😔I'm not having the same laugh as the real FRED Lucas.👎
she is so loud
ITS BECAUSE THEY'RE HOBOS!
how to sofa make pups
That boy was so mlg
lol the guy that said new president I think he would've changed his mind after Donald Trump got elected
0:04 ansther
your channel is going downhill type 4 if u agree and I want Fred back
I like the ppl that were straight forward 😂
are you a girl fred?
Uhm I never went to this Chanel in a long time what happened and where's Fred
why cant we watch alot of tv
" Cuz they ain't got no money "
61st comment yay
Do more video thith you in not these ones
Josh literally looks like Josh Peck as a Teenagaer I see no difference
THE FRED IS LUCAS,TYPE LUCAS ON YOUTUBE, IT'S HIS MAIN CHANNEL!
Fred's real name is Lucas and that's his new youtube
Rip Fred I think he sold his channel
OuO Where My Bae whent
I mean 51st
The next episode:Who is Charles Manson?
WHAT THE HECK! WHY DO PEOPLE ASK WHY DO PEOPLE LIVE IN THE PARK!
HY ITS FRED
And sub
What happened to REAL Fred?
Dum so dum
inglish yea
WHERE'S THERE PARENTS?!
Ask Siri
I doubt the girls eyebrows flew away from her
A question my parents won't answer is why are these kids still alive?
the real FRED really gone DOWNHILL!! like what happened the the guy screaming in the camera?? LIKE IF U AGREE
that what will hevan be like
oh my Josh is sooo from Drake and Josh😀
Josh looks a lot like my friends brother....
Why no more fred?
fred where are u we want u back plz come back fred :(
and this used to be very popular now its just this
She was a lot more excited then him in the beginning. I was wearing headphones. My ears in crying.
I MISS FRED! THE REAL FRED! THE OLD FRIEND! Who took over his channel!!!?????
I miss Fred. :(
"I thought Obama was okay"
press 8 an and start singing
What is my area made out of?
That GIRL was screaming wow there parents probably made her
This channel has just turned into bs!! I mean who likes this crap? We miss the old Fred!!
Cause they ain't got no money😂😂
She gets a lot of vitamin d
How life started
where do babies come from
My parents told me when I was young
So... how come Fred is not show hos face anymore on this account
I miss Fred
One of them looks like they don't have eyebrows which is really creepy
A question my parents won't answer is why was I born
I remember when I watched Fred as a kid
Why is this on freds channel?
I'm glad Fred is a dead channel
omg blazzer ur funny XD
ok
00:27 lol😅😅😁😁
I just checked the channel cause I didn't check since last year where the hell is fred
Where do babys come from?
a question what does the middle finger stand for hehe
WE WANT FRED
at Least one of them r rapers/killer so don't talk to strangers kid
Come I meant
Am I firsr
THIS DUDES EYEBROWS AT THE BEGINNING ARE THE BEST
why they bad words
Lucas why don't you show your real face you are 20 or 21 years old we want to see your face and how you have grown over the years
My parents told me all of this stuff wen I was 5
Were is FRED!
IS THIS WHAT FRED HAS COME TO?!?!?!! REALLY?!?!?!?!?!
1:20 Freelee? ARE YOU THERE???!!!
these kids have taken over the channel
omg, this is ridicules. Just tell them!!
It's because they're hobos and these kids should be too. They totally are ruining Fred's channel.
gotta make some power moves in his shower shoes
Kiss your hand five times then comment this on the other Fred videos then look under your pillow
0:26 "cuz' they aint got no money" the truth
Damn, he sold his channel?
why is it called fred
whats the meaning of life?
There only 6 years old why should thay be asking this
why don't you google this instead of bothering people and making them uncomfortable?
no
Whats Grazzsz
“Because they dont got money” got me laughing hard!! 0:27
i'm sorry is wath hablo español asi que no puedo comentar mucho jajaj lol
If your gonna have this channel atleast change the name of it
Cause they ain't got no money
That kid looks just like Josh Nichols and his name is Josh. :o
man is it sad to see what happened to this channel what happened to fred.
how r babies made
that little boy looks like jontron
My god the little ppl have taken over SOUND THE ALARMS!!! not rlly... I don't have an alarm clock btw WHAT THE HECK HAPPEND TO THE CHANNEL??? what happened to Fred??? Plz answer my random question🐶
BORING what is rong with thes kids
I think he sold his channel to a channel like buzzfeed
Cuz they ain't got no money.
Because their homeless.
I thought Adele was a singer
His vids r still monetized and with new ads! Mafia
What is this ?! Where is Fred
why is it on fred chanel  when it has nothing   to   do   with   fred
How baby's are made💏💏💆
FRED became a kids news report network? :O
This channel is dead Fred a.k.a Lucas shut it down this content is not even by you.  
This channel is junk. What the hell is running through these kids' minds, they sound squeaky and have stupid questions, speaking way to fast, overreaction, etc. The real Fred was way better. Nowadays, people are just checking these videos, like me, to talk about how bad they actually are. The channel must have been sold to some people who wanted the money because they could drain YouTube's ad revenue for themselves and make people mad at the same time.
When I was there age I knew why people live in the park.............
Is the elf on the shelf real???
How much money do you make
Hobo causes
huehueBR
Dislike if u want the real Fred back
Where the hell is the old Fred
Why are those kids yelling
0.27 cuz they ain’t got no money
this stinks
the boy look like white kid president
0:25
wheres fred
Look at the diss.. I LOVE IT!
Hey fat man...lay off the Lucas'. Now I mow how Fred died
Bring back the substitute 
I feel bad for him because he use to get millions of views know not even 400k 
BRING BACK FRED THE CHANNEL IS DEAD(COPY AND PASTE THIS ON EVERY VIDEO
FRED! COME BACK!!!!! I MISS FRED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is that fat kid gonna do something like "GIBAAAAAAAYYYY"
dead
00:27 Cuz they ain't got no money 
omg what happened to the real fred this channel sucks.
huehueBR
It's cuase they are homeless bums.
0:27 😂😂😂
Lol
I'm miss freds videos so much 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😫😫😫😫😫😫😫😫🙇🙇🙇🙇🙇🙇🙇🙇🙇🙇🙇😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😿😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😖😦😦😥😥😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🙇🙇🙇🙇🙇😭😭😭😭
Where do babies come from?
This kid looks like the kid from kids react ( react channel & fine bros entertainment )
five nights at freddy's the bite of 87
This channel sucks now I miss Lucas er Fred, these kids should go somewhere else
Do These Kids Not Read The Comments!?!? Give Fred His Channel Back Losers
No kid asks their parents why people live in the park? I really don't understand this epsidoe
i dislike video

I hate kids.
my mom won't tell me why she calls out cat a watermelon princess
Anyone named bleach? And can i drink you?
She doesent have eyebrows
I'm hating this video and in subscribing science these freaks own it now
Fat carrot over there's voice annoys me
ugh disgusting.
Um
2018!!!!!!
Adele and Joshua hit the street's to get the scoop on questions that their parents won't answer. They'll get the answers they want or make strangers uncomfortable while trying. Today, they ask strangers why some people live in the park.
Where do babies come from 
What  are purple  rubbery objects for?
The only really uncomfortable question for parents to answer is where baby's come from 
Who agrees this channel is dead I mean come on
Where do babies come from 
My Mom Doesen't answer my question when I tell her if I'm a failed abortion she just gets a nife and tells me to go to bed raising the nife 
why is this a thing? just stop👎
This channel is now hell, the childen are cancer and thats why im here now.
Cancer what have you done
Where do babies cone from
WTF Is This ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
 Comment to entertainers 
What has happened to Fred. Can someone please tell what happens to that funny guy who used to make episode at least once a day who got taken over by kids
Worst YouTubers ever.
these kids want money thats all
Where's Fred
What the hell do you mean by they "live" in the park? Hobo's who like being outside may stay there and people who hate being indoors also stay out in the park for most of the day. I don't know what your parents wouldn't answer that question, what the hell are they trying to censure you from? 
Wow
( poor people:(
I Wan’t Fred To Be Screaming Bring Fred This Is Chanel Turned Into Cancer :/ I guess I gotta watch your old videos :/
Poooooo
how did i get here
This sucks
what is this trash
DISLIKE SQUAD!
These kids weren't even alive when Fred was popular.
Question this channel won't answer: WHERE IS THE REAL FRED?
This channel is still active...?
this channel is about as dead as these kids grandmas.
You kids ruined Fred...
"Either that or Las Vegas" XD
Your channel is dead. Congrats. 
I have a question.
    Why does my dad hit me.
thx <3
This channel died as soon as Jonathan and Gabi showed up.
We miss the old Fred!
I'm seeing fred after 7 years and this is what is see WTF
Bring the old Fred back, please...
I'd love to see an atheist answer those questions haha
WHEN HE SAID "so mickey mouse has CAPTURED my grandma?" I STARTED LAUGHING SO HARD IRL!!!!!! XD
This is channel that's named Fred where is Fred
THESE KIDS ARE SO QUICK OMG!
Here's my question for you kids, what happened to the real Fred???????????
Wait what huh 
HACKERRRRSSS
questions my parents wont answer: 
where is fred? i miss fred ;-;
bring old fred back
I want Fred back!!!!!
omg their so annoying FRED IS BETTER
Remember when Lucas made FRED videos?
don't you have homework to do?
back in 2010 when his videos where slightly good. but now...
FRED WHAT HAPPENED TO U, U USE TO HAVE A HILARIOUS SQUEEKY VOICE I WATCHED THIS VIDS SINCE I WAS FIVE 
"Why does my mom say grandma's in a better place now?"  did she pass away? 






DUH
i moved away from my parents 5 years ago -.-
0:38
"Miami beach"



STRAIGHT SAVAGE LMAO
Man this was 2 minutes of my life down the drain
So when you die you body uses the last bit of oxygen in your lungs and brain activity surges as the neurons begin to stop functioning and your brain stops secreting hormones which regulate body function. Some body functions may persist for a few minutes as the remaining store of ATP are used which is your body's main energy source. the muscles relax including sphincters, which means defecation and urination may occur. around 15-25 minutes after death the lack of blood flow through the capillaries leads to the paleness of death seen in light skinned people. Because your heart is no longer running, there is no active propulsion of blood through the body so gravity begins to cause pooling of blood in the lowest parts of the body. After a few hours of this a reddish purple discoloration of the skin occurs and reaches its max discoloration by 12 hours. this is one of the ways in which. this is a way that coroners and forensic investigators determine the approximate time and position of a body at death. within 3-6 hours the infamous rigor mortis sets in not only has your body lost its energy source but deterioration of cellular organelles leaks calcium into muscles cells and this binds to proteins which are responsible for muscle contractions this causes uncontrolled tensing or stiffness of muscles making the body stick in a position lasting anywhere from 24-48 hours. unless your have been chemically preserved your body has been deteriorating Crowley as well as undergoing cell death without proper blood flow these dead cells accumulate and along with CO2 gas cause the ph of tissues to rise. This weakens the cell membrane eventually causing them to burst and release their systole which contains functioning proteins and enzymes that further breakdown surrounding tissue. there are also around 100 trillion microorganisms that help to break down your body the anaerobic bacteria in the gastrointestinal tract begin to eat through abdominal organs this process is known as putrefaction and is where thing get stinky breakdown of amino acids by the bacteria produces extremely foul gases which attracts certain insects like mites carrion beetles and blowflies which lay eggs in the rotting tissue the eggs hatch within a day and the larvae or maggots eat the tissue to survive until they mature. after weeks these maggots may consume 60% of the body's tissue creating holes that allow decomposition fluids and gasses to escape between 20-50 days butyric fermentation begins attracting beetle larvae protozoa and fungi this process know as dry decay can take up to a year but occurs faster in hotter temperatures. over years plants and animals eat away at the remaining bits of the body including skeletal remains eventually if left completely to the elements every bit of the body will be broken down and its constituent molecules will be recycled. THE END
YOU HACKED FRED
anyone agree that they miss the old videos of HEY ITS fred!
WHERE DID OUR FRED FIGGLEHORN GO?????
We love Fred. 
BRING HIM BACK
Lmao my mans said "Hang with your...Grandpa if he is there too...i guess"
This channel has REALLY gone downhill since Licas stopped making the Fred vids
You guys ask stupid questions. ._.
666 likes..coinsidence? I THINK NOT!!
There Hasn't Been A Upload In This Channel For Over A Year! wow it's really an active channel I'm not because I upload every day WOW!!
What is this bs. You guys ruined Fred's channel👎🏻
Miami beach haha lmao
OMG I KNOW JONATHAN IN REAL LIFE!!!
Oh I got a question wa da faq happened to fred
WHY'S THERE BLOOD ON MOMMYS WRIST!!!!
lol
wtf happened to fred
this ain't fred
I agree FRED COME BACK PLEASE!!!
So Micky mouse has captured my grandma hahaah😂😂
my tears ;c
damnit IHE...
I actually think that it's a pretty of channel...
*noot intensifies*
Can you make more Fred videos
miami beach lol
HEAVAN IS LYE
HERES YOUR ANSWER HELL OR HEAVEN
lamest thing ever
where is fred you ruiend it for me
FRED COME BACK
ill be that guy to say your grandmothers in hell! lol jk!
That one guys who's like "Either that or Las Vegas"
NO I WANT FRED LUCAS WHY DID YOU SELL FRED 😭😭😭😭😭
2012: dis channel is popular
2014: kids ruin fred.
YOU GUYS TOOK OVER FRED! IM SOOO MAD!
This channel use to be worth our time lmao rip fred
Omfg!! What happened 
Some of your old videos got like 73M views
And now the channels like this....
This has one thousand more dislikes than likes.




Good job.
7 years, 1 million subscribers.
7 years later, 2 million subscribers

R.I.P. JOHN CENA'S SON
god this channel changed
Where is that place?: in Miami beach😂
👌🏼
fred do more at least ill watch it ok fred huge fan do more videos please
70,511 views in over a month.
Yep, this channel is dead.
ur grandma is in hell
What!?! These video's have NOTHING to do with Fred! Lucas was great.. Now you've killed it. D:
GUYS Remember Lucas saves Fred in Korea in the end he said no more fred
Where is FRED!!!!!!!!
thumbs up if you miss old Fred
WHY IS THERE NO MORE GOT DAMN FRED!!
A question my parents won't answer is "Who's your favourite child"

The answer she gives me is "I love you all the same" in a sarcastic voice
aye, red head kid go brush yr teeth and tell yr clients to sell the channel back to Fred!!
My question is why did you rouin Fred
i wold of said they die in rot in the ground
RIP Channel. I have to be honest....who here that is above 10 likes this?
WHERE DO BABY'S COME FROM?!?!
I love how these people hide behind the iconic FRED channel just to get views.
dis is retarted
I WANT MY FRED BACK
This dude only has 2 million subscribers!!!! OMFG!!!!He used to be so popular around 2010
WERES MY FRED
Who know minecraft?
FRED!!!
if they ask me i'll just say... she's dead and i'll just go on my business
miami beach
This man has wanted to go there for a while. You can just tell by the way he says it.
wtf ye using a fred microphone
why did this channel end? I remember when Fred was on the TV show iCarly 😭😭
I feel bad for those adults
😪
"Mickey Mouse captured my grandma!?" lmao XD
This is two years ago...just wonder where Fred is...like this if its 2017
Eating your breakfast as you would 0.49
Omfg this channel IS IN A BETTER PLACE
My parents won't answer my question when I ask them where and how they met.
I watched this video right at 666 likes.
11th one to watch this lol
We want FRED BACK!!
The girl looks SO MUCH like me when I was younger the hair eyes nose and face shape was what I looked like.
Miami Beach I died😂
This channel "Fred" is pretty much HORSE MANURE!
some questions? i only heard one question
i lived 2 lives i didnt stay at heaven for eternity your reborn as long as you don't go to hell
EVERYONE DIS-LIKE ALL THE NEW FRED VIDEOS
I love how sure is the man with the glasses whith his answer.
bad video al videos from you are bad
I want the real Fred back :(
What happened to the real Fred whys he gone
Fred real now
1:55 ok, so I was in the camp tht hated Fred but I've watched a few of these and kinda love them. Subscribing.
i hate all u kids..... FRED I MISS UUUUU
HEY ITS 2017. WHERE DID FRED GO? I AM SO CONFUSED 
I love these xD
hey it's fred! oh, wait...
Wtf happed to Fred
I MISS FRED!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"She is in a better place" that place is hell.
"Miami Beach nods" XD
stop. please.
FRED IS LUCAS, TYPE LUCAS ON YOUTUBE, IT'S FRED'S MAIN CHANNEL!
Wish someone would say, "she dead!"
I MISS FRED FRED PLZ COME BACK
If your looking for Fred, search up "Lucas."
This Channel Is Soo Not popular no more
Good video but this is not FRED -.-
im with max Garcia #givefredback
People are great at honesty.
My parents would answer this😕
I want Fred back
Bring the real Fred back
in fred has new acoount his lucas in his bad boy now l
65th comment
8 view 
He sold his channel watch his where is Fred now video
0:41 best answer hahaha
What happens when we die

You will burn kid.
ask your parent's why you hear moaning coming from their room
How could you -dis-like this video
This channel is DEATH
His new channel is Lucas
RIP FRED
What's 9 + 10?! I just can't figure it out?!
#BringFredBack
Here is a question my parents won't answer: WTF happened to this channel.
I haven't seen him in a long time
i liked the old fred you destroy it
Where do babies come from?
Ok your grandma probably in heaven. Simple
Gabi Is my friend we went to glow zone today :) sup gabi if your reading this
I'd rather rip my eyes out with a rusty fork than watch this cancer.
he is the best
why dont  they make there own channel
My parents won't answer me when I ask them where babies come from. I asked them just now,they didn't answer.
It hurts how Fred sold his channel and now its full of unfunny unentertaining crap. Hello darkness my old friend.

These kids didnt even exist when fred was a big star.
We go to god
Because Fred real name was Lucas but the new channel is boring
okay okay johnathan or whatever his name is sounds like fred but its whats this
The other Fred was cooler
THIS ISNT FRED!1!1!1!1!1
I miss the old fred
I wan't the real Fred
fred plz come back i love you
this is like 'beat kids' from wondershowzen but g rated. idk why everyone in the comments is crying.
Lucas was so much better at this
rip this channel
I preferred the old fred
they go to heaven
my question is where is fred you do nothing but ask chap questions
Your grandma went to hell, and that's where you kids are gonna go
Wtf?Lol the girl and boy sound the same dude get your Adam's apple in before puberty or U will sound like a girl!!
the scary thing is these kids werent even born back when fred was the king of youtube
Wtf happened to Fred I heard he sold his channel and made a new one called Lucas
Disney Land, really ? hahaha that dude nailed it
look at the kaid in the backround at 0:43
I want fredddd
why do birds fly?
I miss the old Fred ;__;
Should I make "Fred gets grounded" videos on GoAnimate or Plotagon?
Love this show
Fred sold this channel watch where is Fred now
1:04 was he eating cereal
who are you and did you sell fred to isis
This could have been a hit, if done on your own channel.
Kiss your hand five times
Post this on 3 fred vids
And look under your pillow
I have a question 

Why are you going up to random people asking what a better place is?
why do girls get pregnant istead of boys..
I play you're game and I love it thank you
the channel l even does not have Fred anymore
The next one they should do of course should be, Why did fred give up his popularity | Questions Nobody Will Answer
A question my parents won't answer: Why won't you play Dead by Daylight?
F*** Lucas for selling his channel
#notmyfred2017
lol its been 1 year since this was uploaded and its the moat recent vid...
Omg Gabi used to go to my school in kindergarten
she won't answer who she loves better me oh my brother
Very big thing the old FRED has a new channel named (Lucas) he dose not do the voice any more but I was around 5-7 when he was around so I remember him some what like the pool etc.
0:42 If he wasn't wearing sunglasses...
Ha first
a question my parents won't answer is where do babies come from? lol
My parents won't answer the question: what is the meaning of life?
I miss lucus
not sure if boy or girl
I rather watch cringy Fred videos than this...
What is deez doing there like if u know who he is
What happened to this channel ;(
I wanna do that
Why Am I So Lazy..;-;
Bring Fred back
FRED
...Y u sold your channel Fred ;-;
Wie heeft dit van acid
i was 3 when Fred got popular
She's in the ground buddy. Now you have a great day. That's what I would have said
How about that one
Well done. U killed a once successful channel
wow this channel has gone downhill
Wheres the real FRED
this channel is weird
Mate this channel is dying not as many people watch your videos like a few years ago
the old fred was better
0:17 !got me really good!  I laughed out so loud
this is not FRED 👿👿👿👿😭😭😭😭
this is a real downgrade, I was expecting so much better. where's the squirrel loving Fred we've all grown to love? smh
Please continue making funny Fred videos 
FRED
the channel l even does not have Fred anymore
It will be more believable if they did not have microphones and a camera man right in front of them.
Why did Fred sell his channel
Rest in peace Fred :'(
Dis like if you miss fred
Yes
Is anyone else here from GFM's video about top 5 youtube channels that lost their fame? No only me.
Why did Lucas sell the channel
ur grandma is dead! in heaven or hell,depending on how she was like!
is thisyoutube ?? wa i see a tv show
no just stop. this is just crap.
why did you ruin freds channel
I want to know wtf Fred has gone
Кто от Alermo?
What's this bull I want to see fred on the fred channel
WHAT HAPPENED TO FRED
They're so cute lol and I like this concept its creative n funny 
This aint even FUNNY this channel should be full of Funny Things
Um why wolt my mom give me a phone
Saddening
Fred
What happened to Fred
Now we don't even get to see Fred, the Fred 7 years ago
Heaven? Haha.
What the hell happened to this channel?
you ruined the best channel
how old.do you think we are
What happened to this channel??
if you eat healthy you can be 100 years old
2:00 im dying xD
Wow
Like
how is this fred
WHERE IS FRED
Well what kind of rubbish is this
Ha ha nice vids I like it
some random kid:My grandma passed away where did she go me:she"s dead.
"where do babies come from?"
I love you 😘
People are saying "We miss the old Fred." Do you people realize that he couldn't do the character forever? He grew up and moved on, something that you as the fans should do too. Move on, no one is going to have the same act forever for you people who always want more and never realize that Fred is a human and grows up and moves on.
MIAMI BEACH...
Wa happened to Fred Figglehorn
How you make a child
Some people say that Fred died.. IS HE REALLY DEAD?!
I already know where babies come from
Hevean
the guy who said "we don't really know until we get there" made me wonder and freak out xD
she is in hell
WHERE IS THAT LITTLE GIRL FROM?
He should frickin get his chanell back
What happened 2 this channel
I used to think fred was annoying asf,but now that he's gone I kinda miss him......ALOT :'(
anybody still watching 2018?
honey badger would beat up a cobra
Why know post you had it all
R.I.P fred
guys wheres the fred I loved      
the funny one the  one with out kids
What is this!?
My Parents wont answer why Fred isnt here.
this is probably the best video on youtube, i would rather stab myself with a rusty spoon than watch this
Where's Fred this is not good
this sucks I want Fred back
so MICKEY MOUSE CAPTUREDE MY GRANDMA
fred is getting boring now
What...wha.....?
U have ruind this channel I loved Fred vids they were hilarious but now I can't find them anymore. Lucas should not have sold the channel. Don't think I am saying these vids r bad they r alright.
That's A question
Ded channel pls go out this is for nine year olds now
Miami beach hahahhaa
This isn't even Fred anymore.
The kids are 12 so you can't say they weren't alive when Fred was the king of Youtube.
62
questions your parents won't answer how to get kids
Why did he give this account to these kids...
this is the og youtuber
How are babys bone
HES SO MUCH BETTER
!!!!
if you want answers just Google it
thanks yuo
Where’s Fred I know it’s bin a long time but where’s Fred!!!!???
This channel is dead
Fred was funny, I miss Fred. Who are you? Why are you here?
huuuh I'm miss the awesome and cool FRED I haven't  seen his vids in a while so I though I'd come and check his channel out but then I come back to this HUGE DISAPOITMENT 😟😩😧😦
My parents won't tell me what they would do when They were both kids
I have watched all of the REAL Fred episodes
i was 3 when fred was popular and 2:42 BYE WERE LEAVING AND NEVER COMING BACK!
omg. Fred was way better than these lame kids. They have ruined his channel
The only way to go to Heaven is to give your life to the Lord.
Where Fred these people such
Stop the hate. This is funny 😋
Fred plzzzzzzzzzzzzz make more vids
Can I have the Fred channel
This isn't FRED it's just 2 kids who ask stupid questions which I knew the answer to when I was there age
I expected someone to just say "She's dead".
HEAVEN
crap
It's Heaven War god is
I asked my parents: "what is this long thing that is below my body?"
This channel is dead
you guys ruined this channel(tear tear)
fred is dead
Wtf happened to this channel
where do babies come from
my mom doesn't tell me where babys come from
where do babies come from
Lol. Cancer evolved into even more cancer.
if the person does not have a high voice it's not fred these people have normal voices therefore they are not fred if your going to take over a channel at least change the name to something else like the 2 not freds that took over the fred channel + if there not named fred why is the channel called fred long live the real fred
Is the sea wet ?
I have a suggestion. why is there pink vibrating cucumbers in mommy's drawers
Is fred dead?
THE CRINGE IS REAL.
I feel so bad for the adults
Guys fred sold hes channel and made a new one and its Lucas
What is this...this is wrong...this is not fred
Heaven
I would tell those kids: your grandma is death. Her brain stopped functioning, therefore her organs did too. Now she is dead 6ft underground being eating my microcells. Her original cells are decomposing as there's no organs to keep them alive. That mean her body is rotting and will fed the soil and other living organism. She is in a better place because she doesn't she is in a better place because she is death. And soon that will be you and nope there's no heaven
cringe
this just ruined it for me. WHY THOUGHHH
xD
Awwwwww
Where the frick is THE REAL!!!! FRED!!!????!?!??
Whose watching in 2017😂
WHAT IS A CONDOM
You don't ask people you don't know :/
how are babys made
why is this a thing, only adults watch this channel for the real fred.
Is this channel still alive😂😂😂
why did Fred sell his channel to noobs with a mike
A better place means they die
esau
where's fred
Why is this channel still named fred
#notmyfred
Fred now has a channel called Lucas
cama vaya Dominicana
you ruined Fred
Hala mil like y mil dislakes
0:42 GOT ME LAUGHING HARD LMAO!!!
Icarly 
I subbed to u
dead
I need the old fred
ruined channel now bèfore best channel then worst
A dead account
Rip fred
Make a new video called Fred is dumb
I need some more subs can you guys help me
just stop
we want fred
WHERE IS FRED?
I miss the old Fred
yep
O_O what the hell...
Your grandma died and went to heaven.
Awesome
what
??? What the hell is this? This isnt fred
esau
You children are crazy as hell
guys stop saying oh i want the olf fred back cuz fred isn't coming back he is always in our hearts lucas has moved on and he opened this as a community channel for kids to have an outlit now if that isn't sweet i don't know what is
What the heck is this?!?! I leave for a few years and then come back to this?!?! I'm so confused lol
Its heaven
Why is the channel still named Fred? What they do isn't even relevant.
Hey Fred, uuhhhh hi. Um you might not even see this but, herrrrooooooo , seeah
can ye 2 kids at least change the channel name
were babies come from
My parents won't answer how Babies are made.
omg Jonathan and Gabi, WE WANT FRED BACK #bringfredback #endthesecringykidscareer
There is a reason why they lost like 41 million followers... they took freds channel and they turned it into a rubbish childrens question channel that no one wants to watch
500,000th view
kdkkdkdkd
These kids were much better at this than the kids in the first episode of the series
is this supposed to be good?
this channel was better wen fred was here now they screwed up and dumb little kids do in this wow
What happened to Fred?
This channel used to be good but it's just bad l don't understand why it's still called "FRED"
Why are people still subscribed?
how are babys made
A question they won't answer:what does transgender mean
Bring back old fred
Ahhhh
I can't believe his channel is actually still active, i got curious, and when i looked him up again, i was introduced to a bunch of videos that don't have FRED, THE CHANNEL THAT IS SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT HIM, IN ANY OF HIS VIDEOS.......WHERE R U FRED
Under 301 club comment what viewer you are
where do babys come from
I 💟 old fread
When you die: T H E   B I R D S    E A T   Y O U R    L I F E L E S S   C O R P S E!
I'm a little dark.
I was 6 when he was populair
Who did this
Where's Fred?
My father died when i was 1,5 years and my mother didn't hide it from me. Don't hide for your kids that people die!
omg this is so awful it's hilarious
Were is Fred ☠️ I came back to see what's happened to the channel and I see this wtf
I would say "she died and went to hell so she doesn't have to see you" Better place :)
when you die ,where does it hurt the most?
2017
m i a m i  b e a c h
who tf are these kids where's fred figglehorn??
they fricken killed this channel
this is now the worst chanell now change the name
What does sperm mean
This is just sad...
Hey I know that kid he goes to my school
I feel like first of all my parents are very up front with me I have had many people die in my lifetime I also think the red head was a lot more obnoxious then the other girl!
i wish fred was back
Go check out Caitlin and Ellen's world they are new but make great content there is a lot more to come from them
I hate these kids (sorry)
How are babies made
omg this is ridicules, just tell them!!
The old fred is still better :)
Tell your kids that their grandparent has passed away! Don't say they are on a better place. it's better for the kid.
Oh god
I agree these kids weren't born when fred was popular
FRED was always cancer
My parents won't awnser how baby's are made
I thought Fred was unpopular because nickaloodian cancelled his show
Dislike if u want the real Fred back
Everybody lied except for some of them but they really should tell them the truth.
Is Fred DEAD!!!!!
FRED WA STHE FIRST PERSON WHO HIT 1,000,000 SUBSCRIBERS!!
Kiss your hand 5 times
Post this on three Fred videos
Look under your pillow for pink iPad
I wish the actual feed was back and making vids this new Change is crap I hate this channel now 😤
I Never Liked Fred, But Now ITS JUST SOME KIDS ASKING QUESTIONS
it happened when daddy penetrated mommy
I hope they go to hell
We want Fred not a little ginger kid speaking into a microphone Fred Fred
I was expecting to ask how are babies made
What the heck?  Where is Fred?
Hey guys it's ok Fred is back, he made a new YouTube, so we don't have to watch this horror.
i hate the new fred, i want the old fred, and the new fred get out of you tube no one want to watch some kid asking a questions that kid shouldnt know
HEYYY ITSSS FREDDD
I Hate you new fred people nobody knows you guys
1:54 thug life
That kid goes to my school
How are baby's made XD
Well,at least the kids are cutie
you are not fred get out of here this is not your channl
I have a question how do parents make babies?
wheres fred i need him now help me i dont know where he is 
i came back her for fred not these two dumb kids which i dont even know
You guys copy the same profile picture from Fred and the Chanel's name from Fred so I disliked some of your videos and the videos you make are boring
22 million views before now 18 thousand
this video sucks
These kids know what there doing
You guys ruined fred
which one is fred?
this is absolute trash.
FRED HAS always SUCKED
She's being held hostage by Mickey mouse!!!!
DIE BITCHES , I WANT FRED BACK
Boo the kid are not like fred
I'm using this channel as a prank
Give me back fred
So cute <3
Lmao miami beach
this channel sucks
Jonathan and Gabi are on the street to ask adults questions that their parents won't answer. Today, they ask strangers the awkward question of where their loved ones go when they went "to a better place". The reaction is hilarious.
How come my mom won't tell me how old she is!
Ikr
What is puberty
my quiestion my parents  wont awnser is why was i a mistake
Fred was used to be owned by Lucas now it's owned by an Asian Cerial commercial now a bunch of redhead kids own it Jesus
Why do i have orgasems?
What does this have to do with Fred
Lol
What happened? why is this kids in his youtube channel? its been 3 years fred come back to us!!!
why the dislikes?
How are baby's madde
I am from the future
haha
Get these kid out of here    Get them off the screen like if you agree
why won't my dad tell me why I can't watch them wrestle?
Where is FRED!!!!
Miami Beach
Cringe
how are babies made?
Why am I here

I like real Fred better
Why do you never make Fred figglehorn videos anymore
get rekt
It's not the saaaaame
hola porque !! no puedo ver los videos de fred son en ingles
I ate this while eating pop tarts... Just sayin
why do we die
the kid is annoying and loud jeusss
fred come back u kids need to get off of youtube ur yonger then me
This was his last video
Get the old free back!!
Where babies come from?
I have a question. why did fred disappear and why are these kids using his channel
GET FRED BACK THIS SUCKS
wer do babys com from
The place is dead in heaven 
Gradeaundera anyone? No...ok
This kids ruined all
They should have asked an Atheist.
WTF is this
So many dislikes
Kids shouldn't be on YouTube
Why are these kids here?
People are still pestering Fred for more videos? Is Fred allowed have his own life, or must he be bossed around by his now rude subscribers and fans? Stop being babies and get over it :P
LIARS
These kids are worse than Infinite Warfare.
Don't lie to me me sri
Question I saw a comment on a video I didn't even ask yet Humpty Dumpty didn't mention that he was an egg a reply said kids don't read this What does that mean
This is gross..
this chanel is dead when fred stoped posting videos
who wants the old fred
Wtf why are these kids here this isn't even Fred?
This channel sucks
There are still redhead kids in this world?
where tf is the actual fred videos??
New Fred sucks old Fred is cool
You guys ruined Fred you should give it back to Fred
Wtf this isn't Fred 
Who's watching in 2019?
ugh why did these kids take over fred's channel????
Where baby's come from
Look Fred gave his channel away for money and gave it to this channel but they just ruined it
ya you kids ruined fred
I hope you kids Get adopted
I guess it's cute but it's not better than the fred videos. I'm mean they weren't always funny but at least I can see the appeal, those kids have no appeal
Hate fred the annoying one
wow this SUCKS FRED IS BETTER BOOO
where is fred
hell
Drink Bleach
Its hilarious how a channel with 2 million subs barley breaks 200k views, these kids weren't even alive when Fred was popular, this is garbage
Where babies come from
Ok so I'm the youngest my brother my sister mom and dad have to go out at night a lot where do they often?
More wanna be kids ...
This channel is dead
Fred sucks now
These kids Ruined fred
U r annoying and ur vids r lame fred
you channel is dead
how old are u kids
Everyone saying these kids ruined Fred. These kids sucked, but so did Fred. Eventually they'll both dieb
Kids
I hate these kids for ruining fred 😑😑😑
how do you make babies!!! if you now can i make one. PLEASAZOUEGWYfgsacvYFLIGSKIFPHOudfgoytc;gkabhdgspfuigsajbdfguasdohfjbzcgouhsdjvcudoshfsufheresthereALANSWERAPENisgoesinsideavaginaahhHGHGJHSGFHGASHDAHUSIUDHJAHSF
Where tf is fred
my mom wont tell me why im black and she shes white :(
The kids teeth are orange
has anyone ever watched 5 YouTubers that's lost there fame if you did not. fred is one of those people that lost there fame he was not getting unuff likes so he quit YouTube and sold his Chanel to some stupid kids wich in this case these little brats. sorry guys freds gone for good don't believe me watch the video yourself :(
has anyone ever watched 5 YouTubers that's lost there fame if you did not. fred is one of those people that lost there fame he was not getting unuff likes so he quit YouTube and sold his Chanel to some stupid kids wich in this case these little brats. sorry guys freds gone for good don't believe me watch the video yourself :(
wat are deese ginger tings
This is really sad, Fred used to have 4 million subscribers now there are 2 million because of these kids
any small youtubers want to support each other?
Everyone unsubscribe to this video immediately kids are taking over freds old channel.
Just  accept it, the died... And the truth will get to the children's mind so let just say the truth
l
Lol
Wheres fred
has anyone ever watched 5 YouTubers that's lost there fame if you did not. fred is one of those people that lost there fame he was not getting unuff likes so he quit YouTube and sold his Chanel to some stupid kids wich in this case these little brats. sorry guys freds gone for good don't believe me watch the video yourself :(
This kind of sucks now
This video has 1k likes and 2 k dislikes
Boring
who is from PewDiePie ?
I remember when this channel gave out videos that were at least a few chuckles out of myself but coming back to where I started watching youtube and seeing it be no less than slaughtered by these idiots and having them keep not only the same name but also the same profile picture and yet make extremely sub-par videos of kids who probably don't know how to even hold a camera and seeing that this channel has over 2,000,000 subs is killing my memories of this ancient youtube dynasty, is pretty sad to watch
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                             WHO WANTS FRED BACK?                                         ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
No no no no no
I hope these children stop
This sucks. The old freed was better.
Funny
WE WANT FRED!!! WE WANT FRED!!! WE WANT FRED!!! WE WANT FRED!!! WE WANT FRED!!! WE WANT FRED!!!
I want old Fred :-(
Still where is Fred!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wait why Kids took over the Fred channel where's Fred Figglehorn????????????????????????????????????????????????????
My Parent are sooooooooooooooooo nice to me and fun !!!!!!!!!
fred is dead
I don't like these people
I SAW THAT KID IN BUZZFEED O_O
miss woman lady 😂
Holy crap that girl is loud!! Calm down your talking about politicians!
The question of the day : Why are dorritos are triangle form?
Did someone break into fred's account and changes the videos wtf
MAYBE, JUST MAYBE they will answer when you grow up, because your too young
Why does mummy hit me?
This is stupid bring back fred
isn't that the boy who saw John Cena in that cricket comertial
How are babies made? 
OMG how awkward would that be? 
How are babies made
The kid was mumbling "Im emma" in the beggining
We
Want
Fred
Back
Ples
My perents won't answer if my dad has a gun 
95% of people in this video are triggered feminists
I see Toby EVERYWHERE
Toby look like Toby from Pretty Little Liars 😂
Idk why I'm subbed to you when I haven't seen a vid with u after ur failed shows on Nick
Why do people die ? 6 f'n  years I'm now 12
GIVE FRED BACK.........NOW
This is the kind of crap that belongs on Disney channel -_-
Saddening.
Those kids are featured on buzzfeed too.
But wow Toby will be a great adult. He is so funny at times
This channel isn't even about Fred anymore. It's about Questions My Parents Won't Answer, ETC, ETC. Man I miss the old days when Fred was about Fred, not about random kids asking complete strangers how babies are born, ETC, ETC. IDK why I'm subbed to u anymore. It's from a long time ago. And now all u do is ur personal channel, which I hate. I will only stay subbed to you, in memory of old Fred. I watch old Fred videos all the time. 
RIP OLD FRED!
First
SCREW THESE KIDS BRING BACK FRED! WHO THE HECK WATCHS THE CHANNEL ANYMORE?
Is toby the kid with the blue shirt on crack or something
Is it just me, or does the curly haired kid look like the person in the hobbits or lord of the ring?
"maybe there's a reason why my parents don't answer these questions" You are too young so yea that's why
Fred what happened 😭😭😭
My mom answers almost everything
What are politics? And if I don't no why do those kids now
WHAT IS SEXISM? 

that made me crack up
I want the actual Fred
Fred is crazy
"I blame obama" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
1.kiss ur hand 3 times
2.put this on 5 other Fred videos 
3.look under ur pillow
Omg ask where babys come from XD!
That lad is killing me 😂 I love that kid
Oh fred i miss your old videos
Toby is like an energy ball or something.
idk why but i actually find all these interesting LOL
Toby likes John cena
Toby is speaking young thug
Are you the real Lucas or just some weirdo!
I'm laughing so hard right now XDDDD
Hey I got a question you won't answer! Why didn't you make your OWN channel?
100th comment
Same I was just about to say that!
#WE WANT FRED
I SAW THE SOS!I SAW IT!FAM WHERE YOU AT?!
TOBY IS ON HOTEL DU LOONE YASSS !!!!
I swear that boy is everywhere
go watch YouTube. com/lucas (Fred) new ch or what ever
#comebackfred
Come on this is fred
The girl in the 5SOS blouse! PREACH! YASS
This was actually an enjoyable video. I haven't said that about a Fred video for like 4 years
I think this would be somewhat more popular and liked of it wasn't previously Lucas's channel
WHAT!? Why is Fred gone!?
Sexist. Alot of men don't care who's in charge. :/
Yeah bring back FRED NOWWWWWWWWWW HES AWWWWWSSSSAAAAMMMMMMEEEEEEEE
The kid in the blue shirt is so cute     








this is probably going to get lots of hate
Our top notch journalists, Toby and Emma hit the streets of Los Angeles to ask everyone questions that their parents won't answer. Today, they ask strangers why most politicians are men. The reaction is hilarious.
Why would a kid ask their parent about politics anyways?
Unless it's Donald Trump. So many kids know about him 😂
WTF!!!
HOW ARE BABIES MADE XD
1st comment
that boy looks like elijah wood
Wut happened to Fred?
that kid is awesome he looks like FRODO!
Am I adopted?
Men could be more kind 





Well duh... it's called mankind for a reason 😂😂😂😂😂😂
ha ha ha



I'm not funny ha ha ha😫😥
"Where's my dad?"
5comment
yall should do older kids 12-14 & see if they get different answers !! i wish i could do this 'n
Where do babies come from
they need to stop right now
did anyone else notice that Toby mouthed the words "and I'm emma"?
ey b0zz,  papa franku t00k ur place
really ?!?
OMG TOBY IS IN THE TV SHOW HAYLEY LEBLANC IS IN
Those kids are lame they should give Fred back his channel
I want my old Fred back!!!!
Bring back the real fred
i miss fred
My mom told us a lot of stuff, I don't remember a time in which she never answered a question unless she still had yet to find out the answer. A lot of the time, she is doing research.
How do you use a gun
Do you think a women should run for president/ do you think a women would be a good leader?    not Hillary Clinton......
The answers were kinda offensive to me. 

 P.S I'm a male
wat happned to fred the original ONE BRING HIM BACK I CANT BELIEVE WAT HAPPENED
Toby is in hotel du loone on the brat channel!!!
2:08 dont laugh
"Men try to keep women as their servants a little bit" wtf XD
the little boy looks like augie from girl meets world
At LEAST change  the channel name
i saw him in buttfeed too
why do birds fly?
If Fred was still a thing then Fred and Miranda should be a thing lol 😂😂😂
What is that thing daddy puts inside me XD
omg is this what fred has turned into? i knew him from the day he was really fred wtf are you guys doing?!
FRED NO GOOD NOW
What are we having for dinner
LOL HE SAID HELLO MISS WOMEN XD XD
 I have a suggestion make a fansion or love garden type of theme where you thank people
I like the old Fred
When the girl was saying her name me mouthed it at the same time as the girl
Question why du I hear a a a a a a a a Aaaaa!!!!!!!! Every night
#Voteforhilery#girlpower🙎💥
IS THAT TOBY SINE KIND OF SPASTIC?
Please tell me why you quit Fred!
Doesn't the kid look like the guy from Lord of the rings?
What happened to this channel i am so dissapointed
Is the santa real?
My parents would answer any of these questions...
They didn't hack fred fred let them on his channel
I miss the old Fred videos 😢
LMAO
people r saying men r better liers but look at Hillary Clinton
Manager:Your time is up

Kids:No but here's 99million dollars 👌👌👌

Manager:You keep your job for 6 more months

Comments:NOOOO

Comments:#BringBackFred

Kids:Never >:) we will never reales Fred from his cage
1 word: feminists
this is sad
  When's the next FRED video?
WAS THIS THE GUY ON JOHN CENA PRANK?!
My parents won't tell me if trump is or is not will be a good president
Get Fred back! Bring Lucas back! Stupid Nickoloden They canceled Fred and Lucas had to give his channel away!
Toby is in BuzzFeed!!!
I saw that wee boi on a John cent vid
where do babys come from-
The Real Answer: because women couldn't run for president until 1920 since then... people think men are better since that's how it's been going for the last 200+ years
I got a question that those kids won't answer. Why have you invaded Fred?
I would like to know how much you sold out for
Men are politicians because there were qualified
Toby from buzz fead yay 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
3rd comments
where do babys come from
how babies made tots award :)}
First comment from Ukraine)))
Why is this channel still called Fred again?
hello miss.women.lady
This channel is dead
0:01
I blame Obama YESSSSS
2018? (Almost 2019)?
i saw that kid in the cricket add with jon cena
is Toby on toy box
yes
TOBY SUCKS
5th
It’s Jamison 2.0
Who's here from I hate everything
That boi has a stuffy nose :!
Anyone else notice Toby lip syncing 'And im Emma' at the begining?
Who's more better looking, men or women? Who's more louder, men women? Who's more smarter, men or women? Males or females?
when I ask my mom how babies are made she won't answer
Toby is ulgy
Isn't that the kid from the John Cena Prank from Cricket Wireless?
Your next video should be why naked woman drop there towel in public
hah that kid looks like frodo
where is frd
That left kids face tho xD
where do babies come from
What happened to when Fred was actually fred
Does lucus even run the channel any more
Were d o ba bys c0me frum
WHY WAS THIS MADE? WHY IS LUCAS (Fred) ALLOWING THIS TO HAPPEN?
Is Toby from the Unexpected John Cena Prank?
0:1 I'm White And I'm Asian
I think it's because back in the very old times women were not able to vote!
just because the mic they use says fred on it doesn't mean this has anything to do with fred....-.-
Bring back Fred these kids smell.........
What happens after people die
The bad thing is I don't need to ask my mom that stuff She just tells me WITHOUT ME ASKING!!! I wish she stopped.....
0:11
why was I born lol
wen Emma says her name Toby lip says it
All the comments are like bring back fred! I thought nobody liked fred XD I still like him tho.
Men could more kind........PLEASE I NEED BLEACH NOW.
I THINK I SAW ONE OF THOSE KIDS IN REACT, NOT SURE
NVM
I've seen Toby so many times on so many channels 😂😂 like Buzzfeed, and I've seen him on a John Cena prank, and now here. 😂😂
That kid Toby met John Cena 😂
Feminazi at the start
yeah
Second 
LUCAS COME BACK HERE NOW!
They say they want a woman to run for President now....just wait for the future...
dead as a doornail
Lol
what happened...
Awesome
Rip fred
THERES NO FRED, WHERE IS FRED, BRING BACK FRED PLZZZ
because woman don't want to be politicians
Do u now how fred is 😒😒
Why are they screaming when they have a mic
FRED HAS A NEW CHANNEL CALLED LUCAS?
i asked my mom that she said because i dont  know
:45 FEMINIST
1:18 I have that same 5 Seconds of Summer shirt but in a X-Small because I'm a tiny 15 year old.
What happened to this channel did fred die
My parents never answer why can't we go to the beach no more?!
tiny frodo
And all these kids making these in the same street?
to young to be asking what is sexsisem
me 2
I’m going to ask my parents this
That kid with long hair is everywhere
The curly hair kid loves John Cena
IS THAT THE KID FROM STRANGER THINGS
Lol stop it
We want free!
#hillary
How babies are made.
Who's watching in 2017?
do fred 2018 vids fred figglehorn
R u milo
This boy/girl is on buzzfeed
tf is this
Fred is the Logan Paul but better
that boy lip synced the girl
Am I the only one who didn't read the description and thought blue shirt was a girl?
My parents won't answer "how do I have sex"
Someone,plz answer this... how do women get pregnant?
the guy at the backround at 0:11 to 0:12 and he waved
#whyaremostpoliticiansmen
That boys on brat
How is Fred coming back?
hey Fred I like your channel and videos
This triggered me
That kid is in the John cent video
are you guys shy
Hillary saw this video
Lol !! Next time ask them "what does 69 means ?" Lol jk  
Please bring Fred back. Those kids just ruined it all.
Why have you ruined this YouTube channel if you didn't know this channel had 1 million subscribers before anyone else
Why was Fred's account like hacked or passed on to children?
Wtf is with Toby's face when he is not talking
Why Am I The Eye Of The Tiger? 
I WANT FRED BACK RIGHT NOW or i will unsubscribe!!!!
jesus stop yelling john cena kid
2:25 😂😂😂
are you sure about that
Next question to ask: how are babies made? 
deez kidz r sooo anoyin❗❗❗❗❗❗❗❗
Why are more men politicians? Because more men want to be politicians, it's not related to sexism.
Where do babies come from?
They voted for trump
all these femimists wtf
“Toby” mouthed I’m Emma when “Emma” said I’m Emma
Under 301!! 
Hi
Imagine how much money that kids parents get.....
Most politicians are men because gender doesn't matter
GUYS ITS JOHN CENA
 Where is Fred
I am 10 and I know all the answers. Kids are not dumb and they are the very smart kids 
why u no make funny vids any more
Yeah
who is watching this in 2016 June 10?
-_-
why cant kids spend their money
Woman in 1st world countries have exactly the same rights as men
ARE THEY TOO YOUNG TO BE IN A TV SHOW?
because women doesn't seek that profession i mean does everything have to be sexism? okay let's go with that
how do you have babys
Its the kid from the john cena thing
the buzzfeed kid xD
how are babies made?
this is not good . its that standart buzzfeed poo poo
That kid is buzzfeed goals 🙌
Soon a question will be that parents will not answer "Is sex good or bad and is porn bad?" LETS ASK ADULT STRANGERS!!!!!!
Where do babies come from?
Toby is the kid from buzzfeed!!!
If these kids parents won't answer these questions they're bad parents! I know that these kids should hear the truth from their own parents not strangers! God
I'm with all you guys saying how this channel isn't good now that Lucas sold it BUT THATS THE JEWISH CURLY HAIRED KID FROM BUZZFEED!
SoooOoo cute! >.< And that lady is so stupid the one that said cuz women are sissies! Telling kids that is how sexism starts!
How are babies made?
Stupid 8 year old
you are stupid kids I'm sorry really like these guys but I had a stool odor
If you look at the start that kid was reading from a script because when that girl said im Emma the boy red it. Well that's what I think 
this video gave me cancer
... how is this fred

What happens if hou drinm bleach my mom would answer me
Kids don't do drugs 
JUAN CENNNNNNAAAA
I like it
The third woman was such a feminist
Did anyone else fangirl when they saw the girl with the 5sos shirt at 1:16 ??
Why the color green is green
I miss fred😥😥😪😪😪😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😰😰😰😰😰😰
I saw that kid with john cena
Fred, you are dead
Why did you take away Fred I'm so mad right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Holy crap it’s the kid from buzzfeed!
Where do babies come from 
0:09 look at the boys face
that kid was on buzzfeed the boy
Stop blaming the kids fools go get a life
Pls fred come and Kids verpisteuch
that's super sexist
Atlest annoying orange stays the same
3:08 boi
Who’s watching this in 2017
most of the ladies were feminists. feminism is cancer
that kid is on buzzfeed
LIKE why are children here??? Did Fred put children there?
Wtf is going on??
Vote for trump
!!*
Where is fred
These are all lies.
The girl sucks
Am I the only one who hates both of those kids
0:34 OMG lol
2018?
1k likes and 1k dislikes
one of those kids is on buzzfeed probbably
D.J. Trump
This is just letting the feminists shine
This is crap bring back fred
👌🏻👈🏼
those kids from buzzfeed!!!!!!!!!!
Good bye and good riddance
Why do mommy and daddy make sounds in there room at night

I hate this kind of fred... I used to like fred figglehorn the 6 year old with his neglectful and criminal parents, kevin, judy and his cat with rabies.
Why poop Is yellow
2018
What is sexism?
sexism
liesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Feminists
WTF
Ik dislikes and 1klikes!
I WANT FRED BACK
like if you agree
WHO WANTS FRED FIGGLEHORN BACK??!!
I DO.
So freds channel is taken over by some brats.Thats really sad
lol wtf has even happened to this channel... although i suppose it seems more like an update to the regular crap that used to be posted on here
Give me back FRED AND MY 25 CENT!!!!!!
Looking for Fred? His new YouTube is: Lucas
I didn't watch it but I give it a dislike
Awesome, Great video as always, Have a wonderful day
Hey, remember when this channel was named FRED for a reason?
We want the real Fred back
IIIIII CAAAANT TAAAKEEE THIS WHYYYY DID THEYY KILLED FREDDDDDDD
I want Fred back I miss him alot :(
They didn't even earn those subscribers, they pretty much just bought them.
forgot about this channel. just saw it on my subscriptions hahah
2nd Lucas I love this kids advice it's really funny
fred,you are my inspiration but i just wanna know how old were you when you started youtubing...?
pls reply
What happened Lucas there is no more Fred videos!
i miss the fred were 
lucas was in it.what happend to this channel😢😢😢😢😢😢😦😥😧😨😵😱😳
Remember when everyone started unsubing Fred at one point?
Ahh those days...
I hope they do a comment reading video  for this channel and there won't be one nice comment
I’m watching in 2017 like if you’re watching in 2017
Everyone give up fred is not coming back I did I just unsubed and check the channel once a month as you see he has 2 million and gets 45 comments. And 4000 views. 😢 
yo no sabía que este cabrón era un youtuber que tuvo la oportunidad de salir en tv, pense que era al revés jeje, vine por dross.
Oh I am gonna be one of those guys who says first. 
Thats boring. 
Floopy!
this is just toooo great! :D
lol... this is funny. new fred videos are getting more dislikes then likes #LetzGetFredBack! 

fred is not even like a part of it... HOW ABOUT CHANGE THE NAME IF IT'S NOT FRED
"What if I want to be more then friends?" "You become best friends!!!" "Good advice(jk it's not good at all)"
What if my friends hate me
i wnat fred figgle horn back NOW
My advise: click on a different video
I got a advice BRING FRED BACK
This channel is dead...
Woman: i want to be more than friends what do i do?
Dieago: Be Best Friends!
Nate driver don't say that
These are not bad but I liked fred better bring him back
I want my 25 sense back "Now"
Who watches this boring crap?
NO WERE FRED
we want the real FRED NOOOOOOOWWWW
we want the real FRED NOOOOOOOWWWW
I need advice: how do I get Fred back!?
THAT FIRST GUY omg
I actually need some advice do I keep hitting my sis or stop
We need Fred I need my fix
Hi fredd
That guy at 2:31 is in question parents won't answer its staged
every one complains about Fred not coming back but the truth is he has another channel named Lucas like wtfXD
I like her (the brown girl)
<3
I wanted to see a guy or lady come ask advice for affairs😂
just to say I bet no one took their advice
fuzzy balls XD
#BRINGFREDBACK Who's with me???
I like this vid but it's fake bcause which teen guy will take a picture of kids giving advice? Would u? 3:12
I want Fred back!!!
I want 25 cents
Fred's better
this is not fred
RIP Fred 
le waz funn-E until deez otherz came XDDDDDD
u will never be forgotN 
ps r u in hevan

from, xXanon_illuminati420quickscope1v1lelXx
What happened to Fred?!!!????!!!
oooo the first guy is soo hot he looks just like my crush lmao
Where is Fred?!!!
I want Fred back
This is not even good advice!! We want Fred back!! :///
How do I know Aleksyss a girl likes me
I want to see you
You guys are pretty good
better.. there are more likes in old fred videos then this... crud
any time the black girl in this it gets so many dislikes i wonder why
Fred still exists?
RIP Fred 2006 - 2014 :(
The cringe is string
I want 26 cents ohhhh
Should I Ask My Mom Before Dying My Hair? 
1:04 fed is RUINED
This is boring I want FRED BACK!!!
This channel is ... not okay.
More more more more more more
I like these videos 
Who even watch this anymore?
Y did lucas sell hes fred chanle😭😢😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
WE WANT FRED WE WANT FRED!!!!!!!
I want Fred back
Theyre gonna watch this in ten years an face palm so hard at the advice they gave
Expert advice givers, Jessica and Diego sell their much needed advice on the streets of Los Angeles to these adults. They discuss relationship advice, classroom antics, getting out of the friendzone, and more! What did you think of our wise hosts?
This channel is dead
I'm doing the advice stand this summer
okay I feel like most of these subscribers r just people who like Fred when it was good and they forgot about the channel now that it doesn't stand out from all the other terrible ones.
Stop obsessing over Fred coming back. He's not coming back he has a new channel. Just enjoy the new videos. Stop complaining.
I dont think i can draw that good like everyone does..how can i make myself draw better?
If you want to see FRED, search for Lucas on Youtube. That is Fred. 
Why is there so much hate? Can't you talk nice? These children are probatly reading your comments! Honestly, you are way too childish. 
Stupid I miss real Fred
Jessica is my spirit animal
They probably paid the the people to do this.
I want 27 nuts thank u
Pllllllllleeeeeeaaassssseeee make more chronicles of fred.Pleassse
here's my advice. don't upload anymore videos... they make me crige
I'm going to throw up
How is this even good advice...and this is so cringy
fred or lucas come back this channel is dead
Jesse took Fred
lol
I litterly disliked all there videos
That was decent very decent
Those where pretty good
Guys, let's face it people grow old and tired... Maybe Fred was tired too you know. People need to rest but Fred needed somone to take his place for some reason. Just give these kids some respect and enjoy it for a while. I'm sure Fred also had his first haters. and just because Fred is gone, dosen't mean we have to blame it on these kids.

-Bill Cipher
500th dislike!
This sucks this is nothing related to fred
#ILIKETHENEWFRED

'you can be best friends!'
Fred I want you're old videos. 
I couldn't even finish watching it
What if i wanna be more that friends 
Kid: you can be best friends
Lady thinks her life over again
i want fred
Good advice
Wow most of the comments don't even relate to the video
where is fred ??
S4S
What has happened to this chanell...
This sucks I want the old Fred back
This is absolute crap 💩 
It's worst than having diaria 
We want the real FRED BACK !!!!! 
PEOPLE BEING SMART ( IN A SARCASTIC VOICE  = WHAT A SHOCK THIS CHANEL HAS LOST SUBS
What the hell happened to Task Masters? 
Lol fuzzy balls
guys stop the hate about it not being fred 

fred is gone but his real me is lucas so just go and watch lucas' channel 

there's no need to unsubscribe , go ahead if you want to but these kids were  keeping this channel alive 

It may not be fred but it's still something worth watching so pls stop the hate 

- grace
More dislikes then likes lol!
No offence, you RUINED fred.
I bet they paid those people and they knew what to do
I came back... this has nothing to do with Fred at all
2008 -2011 RIP
If you guys don't like this channel and saying that you want Fred back then u can leave this channel and stop hating on it and go watch Lucas (Fred) on his main channel if which he has become one and if you want that squeaky voice back then u can go watch his brother. (No offense!!!!) 

Thank you! Now bye! 😒
What if I really like the guy and I don't know what to be more than just friends with him? kid: just be best friends with him
the girl the yellow top us soon adorable
Who watching in 2016????
Me:"It's a Beautyfull day outside,birds are singing,flowers are blooming,on day's like this Kids like them,SHOULD BE BURNING IN HELL"
Fuzzy balls my but
I need advice...How do I get Fred to come back to this dead chanel
this is cute and I am disgusted by the dislikes. Fred channel was sold. it's been forever.  move on and support them if you stay subscribed because they bought the channel . Lucas Cruikshank I'm not sure about the spelling is the true Fred who has his own channel now. follow him if you want who was Fred. support these children and everybody else on this channel if you follow this
I got a crush im in 5th grade and how do I make her my best friend or more
Fred where are you now?
This is set up nobody is stupid enough to ask an 8 year old anything
why are there more dislikes than likes?
Only 0.16% of your subscribers watch your videos......So maybe you should just stop now...
If only making money was this easy...
1:24 I got you! Mawahahwhaa
The only people who watch this and are subed are 7 year olds. GIVE FRED BACK NOW YOU KIDS
Anyone in 2018
😂
So stupid because most kids shouldn't answer so badly
Hardcore kids!
Nice video
Wtf is this?!?! I came back to this chanel just to check Fred... like the Fred guy with the high pitched voice! But NOOOOOO I see these kids instead! Ugghhh why!?!
And I want ferddddddd back bratts or i say bad Word kkkk
What do I do to make some one to stop play my uno cards
Why does kids have to be here
My house just burned to the ground and my dog has a tumor and my sister just got diagnosed with leukemia. Any advice Jessica and Diego? 
I want advise for my brother to let me play xbox
Lol wtf happened to this channel LOL 
Why won't nickelodeon just upload this on there channel
This new junk they have on here is crap like who watches this. Fred was way better with his high pitched voice.
Hehehe🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
My friends ignore me what should I do to make them not ignore me??
stf
I hate Fred he is rubih
Kiss your hand 5 times, comment this on 5 Fred videos and look under your pillow
Why? WE ALL WANT FRED BACK!!!!!  I know why There is no Funny Kid! Nickelodeon cancelled the show! And now these idiots taking over the Fred Channel!
Freds kids?
No one cares abut Fred anymore and it's not sad at all. The originals were good, the movies were bad, and the show was trash! 
This is horrible not even my little brother likes this he says he never wants to see this again like if you agree comment if you want Fred back!!
So many visualization 
Where is fred???????
This channel sucks
Him I have a girl friend and I have not seen her in a long time what shored I do ?
Who ever liked this video needs to kill their self
How is baby is mabe
What I'd dis
Why do kids own this
Wheres fred??????
when they were asking the kids to get out the "friend zone" it means like a boyfriend not best friend ssssssssssssssssssssstupid
this sucks advise for the first one: take her with you
She’s black so I don’t like her
kill it with fire
i just realised something when the original fred had to sell his channel to what ever big company (probably one who doesn't know how to appell to kids) the company tried to be a new fred. failed and then they tried to do a buzzfeed like video and now the whole channel is dead
Stop acting so popular
SCREW THIS KIDS NOT TO BE MEAN BUT I NEEEEEEEED FRED
this is garbage
I Wasnt even that fat back in that time
There were acting
This channel sucks
I hate this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who these kids tf?
2 million subs - 3,000 views in 48 hours
That's how you known your channel is dead.
Amazing, I didn't like Fred but when I heard he sold his channel & the new videos on it were unpopular & had nothing to do with Fred, I had to check it out. Its amazing that they post stuff using a YouTube channel named Fred with his picture in hopes that somebody will still click on it. Its not even Fred. I didn't think I could ever find something worse than Fred, they should just change the name of the channel to Fraud.
20k views and 2.4 million subs even grimes toy show has more views than you
Fred...You're losing your fandom... Please make more of your Fred videos... All of us miss that...
i wish this channel is funny again like if you agree or reply
First comment first like first view
Where's Fred finger horn gone 😖😖😖😖
You should make a series where Fred plays video games like mortal combat, super mario, etc.
Pleeeeeeeeeaaaaaassssseeee bring fred back and 15 comment
I love the fred channel now this was so funny XD
I think you may need to be on cam in some capacity, to keep this channel going strong.
As always, good luck with that. :)
Seriously only 25.4K views, this sucks....

[BTW my favorite part is 4:17]
freds channel has gone so far downhill
We need Fred back! Who's with me!?
Vsecond comment
Why does kids help grown up:D
We need Fred!!!!!
WHERE THE HELL IS FRED?!!???
Sooooo glad this annoying channel died
Guys btw Fred (a.k.a Lucas) sold his channel so he does not run any of these videos
Kiss your hand 5 times 
Post this on 3 Fred videos
Look under your pillows
and the 14th person
when I was younger I liked fred so I came to his chanel to watch some fred vids than I found this where is fred
THIS IS NOT FREDDDDDD
THE CRINGE
Whatever happend to Fred 😱😭😭
For The Love Thing To Be More Attractive I Wouldve Said Just Be You
Guys new OLD FRED at (Lucas)
Love it!
The kids brought this off Fred ;-;
The girl who asked to be more attractive 
Is already attractive
I wish FRED still owned this channel
i miss that fred from icarly xD
Carry it like a boss
I want Lucas back and make Fred Figglehorn videos
❤️
lame
what the heck this isn't
fred I want fred figglehorn!
Hey you guys should Totally do a reading your comments video XDDDD
Is it real
I seen the microphone
Guys Great News I Just Found Out That Free Has Another Channel Except He's Not Fred He's Lucas But Dont Worry He Might Do Reactions About Fred
Goodbye fred.............. you were awesome a couple years back..
Thats what im saying no more fred wtf if no fred then no go
Nathen is soo cute!
I swear this is a joke played too long by Fred; make all these videos and eventually come out and admit it was all a joke.....maybe.....only reason why I still stay
If I didn't have the risk of getting a life sentence for murder, that kid would have a headshot coming straight toward him within a few days. He is the epitome of annoying.
+15Oh god. I watched one of his videos for a small period of time, right? Like 1 minute. And I wanted to kill either myself or him. This dude is BAD, and if this EVER became a T. V show (hopefully not, but it was on iCarly once... ) I will murder him. Watch yer back FRED >=D
First comment
I miss the old fred figglehorn👦🏼
I want Fred back
WE WANT FRED
Someone tell me what happened to the old Fred Frigglehorn with the squeaky voice..
Bigfoot
More fred more fred more fred!
:-)
Does anyone even care about Fred any more?
This is cringey.
I miss Fred why did he give his channel to 8 year olds who can't get 1000 views in 10 hours and 2.5m subs and have luck to get 30000 views In 100 years
 That is awesomely 
tenth comment!
" plastic surgery" ??? Wow that girl really made that woman feel great about herself didn't she. She does not need plastic surgery she is so pretty! I would ask for my 25c back if that girl said that to me!! Nope! Your not getting MY 25c!!
Did kids raid and take over fred if so well the dream has died and thats terrible advise
Im the only one who ignored that this was the Fred channel and thought this was pretty funny lol
Omg I watched this video BCs Nathan the lil boy is my friend and it’s so funny to see him then lmao
It’s Jamison the black version
That black kid is a comedian (please don't get triggered)
Why they have fred channel
WHERE IS FRED
WTF IS THIS
We're is the real fred give me a like if you agree
Mila and Nathan sell their much needed advice to these adults on matters of fitness, finances, love, and more! What did you think of our wise hosts?
Fred come back just because you have 2 million suscribers doesn't mean you should upload shity videos!
Hi
This is the dumbest thing that I have ever since WTF HAPPENED?!??!
this is fake if you look closely to that first man in episode five from kid advice and episode five in questions my parents don't answer you will see there are not totel srangers
LOL THAT ONE MOMENT HE SAID "Find Nicki Minaj and ask her where she got her plastic surgery done"  😂😂😂😆😝🙋🙌🙆😹😹👅💦❕❗‼
6 days, 6 thousand views. Fred is dead.
Now, finally (I don't mean to be rude) this channel has died.
this is so fake
cant believe such an funny youtuber fred gave his channel to 9 year olds rrrrgggghhhh
Wow you can tell the kids and adults are actors
Kiss your hand 5 times and repost 3 times on Fred videos look under your pillow
Who is Fred
Fred why don you do those funny videos anymore?
This is way cuter than Fred. Fred was sooo annoying.
He isn't funny, he is a screaming kid who makes his voice irritating and runs around doing stupid crap and saying stupid stuff that have no jokes, or make any sense.
😊😫😂😟😪😬😮😯😀😁😆😅😑😃😄🍮🍯🍞🍝🍜🍛🍚🍫🍬🍮🍭🍯🍔🍕🍣🍢🍡🍙🍘🍗🍖🍤🍥🍦🎂
?
wow I cant belive 8 years ago freds vids got millions of veiws sometimes even over 10 million veiws but now these boring people own this channel there vids struggle to get 20k veiws..... now thats just sad
12,000 views, in 39 days. I remember when Lucas had something about or over  3 million subscribers on this channel. I miss Fred FiggleHorn SO MUCH!
To hated Fred so much, but only just found out his channel was still in use so came to take a look. Personally, I think the comment is good but it shouldn't be under the Fred name. I know it came with 2m subs but wouldn't it be better to start from the bottom and get your own subscribers for your shows and have people coming to watch all your videos, rather than having 1.8m people who only subscribed to see that guy?
That girl in the video needs to kill herself
wow this sucks
......
I don't know why kids think that FRED is the funniest thing ever. When I was a kid, I hated FRED and thought it was the stupidest thing ever. When I found out it was having a movie, I thought "Okay, it's just one movie, it's fine". And then it had FRED 2: Night of the Living Fred. And now it has FRED: The Show! I honestly don't know why people hate Disney Channel more than Nickelodeon. At least Disney Channel isn't taking stupid YouTube videos and making them worse!

Fred is an annoying, insolent waste of oxygen. My six year old brother is more educated than him. Fred or "Lucas Kruishank" is nothing more than an elementary school drop out who thinks he's funny talking in a voice that everybody can make. The first video I watched on his channel was kind of funny. But then I see all the videos like that and I'm thinking to myself, "I can't believe they let these people breathe. " He should just grow up. It's a shame that most YouTubers aren't as good as they used to be. They're running out of ideas so they use the same topic for eight videos but just change the words. And in talking about ALL Youtubers that we know. I'm going to start YouTube in the summer and I'm going for comedic videos and skits. Wish me luck. I won't beg people to like or subscribe though because only fat ugly girls do that. I'll let people do what they want. Anyways, I wish you all best of luck with your lives.
The girl who said she wanted to be more attractive actually is beautiful
Good
These videos are always 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💀💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Awesome, Good job as always, I like this little kids ^_^
FRED does not own this channel anymore. Most people Subscribing to him back in 2008 would probably unsubscrib if they saw this... but they probably forgot about this channel and moved on with there lives.
This channel is dead asf
Who remembers "unsubscribe Fred " back in 2009 😂
I feel bad for you dude. 
That last girl forgot her coffee there. No guys and no coffee. The pain she has to feel.
Fans of Fred Figglehorn!! We must unite together to bring back the old legend that amazed us!Fred was seriously the best you could ever imagine, and we all liked his videos so much. But now that his channel is way more different than last time, I don't know if I wanna keep on being subscribed to this channel. Everytime I look at his old videos, I remember the awesome times when fred was a great legend! Now, as fans of Fred Figglehorn, we must unite together to bring back our old hero. If you are truly a fan, please like and reply to this comment! We must spread the news to everyone! Please, help bring Fred back. 
"I don't know what these people would do without us"
Me "save a quarter
Hi Fred could you say hi back to me
that first guy's shirt looks like some crazy version of megaman
Any one who wants to see FRED type in lucas then u can find him he got 100k
DIS YES FREDD!!!
Fred bruh make a new channel for these kids they didnt earn 2Mil subscribers! Fred did..
The last lady who left forgot her coffee
Kiss your hand five times
Comment this on five Fred vids
Look under pillow
Nice advice, So cute, I like this new kids, Have fun ^_^
I like the people's reactions, I just don't like the inconsistency of this channel, everytime you come up with an idea then a month later we see something totally different.
IT'S THE DEAD GRAMA MAN
where's FRED!
Why in the hell would you donate 1000$ to one homeless person
2.5 million subs yet less than 30k views
Ruby and Major dispense much needed advice to these adults covering subjects like homelessness, growing up, party planning, and more!
Hey Fred remember when u were famous ya that was fun while it lasted wasn't it
These kids should get their own channel
I need help with this IMPORTANT question. Why did the chicken cross the road?
The subtitute back pls!!
They ruined the chubby bunny challage
Like if you agree
the worst birthday present I got this year
Failed tv show, started becoming greedy, quality decreased,kinda happy he's gone 
THIS IS SO CUTE.
What did u give Lucus for his acount
sub2sub
The dude that asked about the bachelor party say ''are there any special people I should invite'' HE MEANT STRIPPERS!!
Damn u hit rock bottom
this video is so old! close your account fred
at 3:19 perfect thug life photo
What happened to the good Fred content?
"Wait; What's a bachelor party?"  Ha ha!
that girl should realky be a actress
FrEd HAS TOO COME BACK
um why am I here?
Us subcribers got.power
Me and this girl In my class
bring back fred.
That black dude is so chill. Can I be friends with him
Great program, funny kids
ruby rose turner is famous now!
I'd be an actor so I can do the roles/ dream  that I wanted when I was little.
nice one ra ta
I did and I'm subscribing back
Is this even Lucas anymore
I don't know what came in the mail today. What did?
The 3rd guy is cute:-)
Your a adult when your 21 or 18
WHAT HAPPENED TO LUCAS' CHANNEL?!
Another bad advice I have heard about the party thing. Do not do cubby bunny (lol) because someone had died doing that challenge cause of suffocation. Please think hard next time [3
Major lol what is this reference            TOOT TOOT
3rd OMG out of 2million plus people 
Omg ur back I love u Fred 
This girl is in the new ABCmouse commercial
the boy knows what he is doing about the bachelor party because he said-put the money in it
YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
I get the strange feeling they paid all of these adults to do this.
hey it ruby turneer right? :D
Boooooooo
Adorable!
Please bring fred figglegorn back. Pleeeeeaaaaaasssse
More thumbs down then thumbs up LOL
THE CRINGE
scripted
You put a lot of stuff in your mouth.... At a bachelor party.... Huh Jell-O shots?
what am i watching
1:03 it sounds like there in a movie and the grown up is getting paid to do that XD
Everybody ruby rock
Who would want to click  the bell ??? I mean he stoped doing Fred vids
This is fake
Why do u guys have ur Chanel named Fred copy right u
u know wat i cant watch with this anymore. comparing to wat it was before this is a disaster. who sales thier channel to a couple of nine year olds
Kinda cute KINDA
I Want To Be A Actress but with a regular voice 
Subscribers from his old channel 
Wow, I've never seen such a dead channel with so many subs and over a billion views. Has it always been a family channel?
Should I make a kid advice 10 years old boy
This Fred chanell sucks now!!!!!!!
Under 301 club😂
RUBY ROSE!
Don't give the homeless unless they know how to use it. And your an adult if your 18+
What's happened u have over 2 mill subs and u hardly ever get any views... 😥😥😥😥 what's happened 
IS THE RUBY ROSE???
You can die from chubby bunny
You can die from chubby bunny
   
First? 
why lucas why did you sell this ya know what im gonna report this channel for being so crap
If I was the cops I would take it down
Lots of comments disliked the video becuz they missed Fred. Its true that you hate this kid. Yeah, Fred channel sucked
And you should do your funny feed guy 
baby ruby rose was so cute and bubbly!! Major was so smart and funny!!
No one caresss
FAKE!!
rip what happened to Fred? Poor Fred ;( you idiots went and kicked him out didn't ya?

kids advice is the worst. HOW DO YOU KNOW IF YOUR ADULT??? facial hair : well some teens have facial hair... own a house : HOW THE HECK DO YOU KNOW IF YOU ARE ADULT ENOUGH TO GET A HOUSE. Get a drivers liscense : umm teenagers can drive cars. KIDS JUST SAY YOU NEED TO BE 18 TO KNOW YOUR'E AN ADULT
ya
Awesomesauce!  Looking forward to next week's episode
What happened to this channel...
4th Fred is a cool kid wish I could be like him (you dad is the best)
I unsubed because no more fred
R.I.P fred 2006-2010
I want Fred back! Who agrees?😪
Fred has now officially lost a subscriber


Forever...
I miss old Fred
should i date my boyfriend SofiaDeMeo
Things imma do when I'm older 

Start an official utube channel 
write books
Go to florida for holiday 
Have kids NO WAY
MORE JOSHUA!!!!
MORE FRED!!!!!!PLZZZZ MORE FUNNY FRED STUFF WE NEED IT!!!
I've just dumped my boyfriend and I wanna get back with him
How can I get Anthony Padilla from Smosh get his emo hair back?????💁
i actually really enjoyed this.
I went to see Lucas ( Fred ), But the little kids do well in the last videos, so good luck ^_^
Twenty First! 21
I'm basically in love with this girl. we're pretty close but i dont know how to tell her
josh so smart the girl act like it a game
Im a potato
Hey girl I'm from Chicago.
Do fred  visits jail 
I miss him talking weird
Bring back Fred 
Oh look It's Younger Adele XD Sorry I had to
Josh is the best name ever.
fred quit because he isn't a kid anymore. he grew up and he is starting a new channel for adults. He posted a goodbye video about that.  I think, the reason they're doing this is because he didn't want fred to end. he wanted kids to try different series on the Fred channel. i think its a cool idea. maybe you guys should come up with questions and ideas instead of complaining.
S 4 S
12th comment
How do I get better at school
İ want to pack messi in FİFA 15 what should i do ?
FRED GAVE UP ON THIS CHANNEL AND SAME WITH THEM BUT WE MISS THE OLD FRED R.I.P FRED WE MISS AND LOVE YOU YOU WILL ALWAYS BE IN ARE HEART
Play minecraft plzzzzzzzzzzzz
They just took this from a SpongeBob episode.
22ed
First
:/
wtf weres fred?????
Fred, come back! 😣
Where is fred?
OMG THE FIRST LADY WAS MY GRANDMA
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU FRED?!?! PLEASE COME BACK WE LOVE YOU FRED! PLEASE!!!
My name is JEFF and I am 21
Did u use a patato to record this?
I miss Fred waaaaaaaaaaahhhhh
I'm cringing so hard
Wtf what happened to Fred 
Bring back the Fred videos
Wtf what happened to fred?
$#@@"""
Please
this channel is so screwed up ever since these kids came along
Bring Fred back!
Josh has much better advice
i miss fred
Hello
I need advice my friend is making a huge scene because she wouldn't let me play on her iPad and thought I was upset
So she told her sister to curse at me  what should I do
Good
Job
Fred
#SqeeeeeeeeeckerSquad
Why did Fred 
Et them have the channel
what happened to this channel wtf
Do a Fred season 5 plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Yer
Wat happened to the actual Fred
Weres fred?!?!?!?!??!?!?
They should have left Fred alone this is a shame
rip fred
What the hell
Bored 
25 cents to tell someone to go to Mars on a rocket ship :/
why is fred so mad?
How do I cwet my school
What happened to Fred?
I need advice. Should  I like rugrats or first couple of seasons of spongebob
Will Fred be returning any time soon?
Not fred
I want fred
What happend, to the original fred?
I don't like both kids they are annoying
I like this channel better. Then Fred's.......
Thanks!
were are the fred videos
well you know how he said the lady's boyfriend isn't there sometimes will you guys should talk and the lady you can say you have one option whether you stay with me together or can leave and go somewhere else
How do I cwet my school
the only good thing about this channel is the comments complaining how much it sucks.
What happened to the channel plz just quit and put us out of our Missouri
Mars?
Bring back FRED !!!!!! NOW!'m
I've been getting bullied just beacause I do “bad” videos what do I doooo
Thanks
i havent been on this channel in 4 years, what happened?
I want to see more fred videos the is dumb it is not even funny any more.😞
Are you single Adele
Guys, at 3:16 in the vid thats my sister no joke, she went to LA for vacation, lol
Iv got a mean kid in school what should I do get him back or be lovely to him
Adele and Joshua dispense much needed advice to these adults covering subjects like love, quitting a job, and the all important bucket list!
There's a murder what should I do
all people in this video are 100% paid actors
veri gud advice. i veri like them.
Hi
What happened to Fred
2:13 is that howtoprankitup!?
ГДЕ ФРЕД?
Lol i even messed up
I was able to watch this 20 Seconds long. This girls voice is anoying af :/
What are you talking about
what ever happend to fred figgleHorn?! :(
I am a kid too and I am smarter than them... 😏
I miss fred
did anyone else notice the kid with red hat in most of the videos
basically free money...
Hello kids just wanted to know if Fred is coming back
I know that Lucas is all grown up and stuff but he should be a YouTuber again, he doesn't have to do those Fred vids anymore but he could at least blog or something like that  :/
Adele is annoying just straight up annoying! Like all blondes
if you went to mars your skin would burn up kids, just saying
Same here
adele didnt have eyebrows
Should I when I get older be a full time YouTuber or get a job forever 
Rip original Fred 
I want to join Kid Advice!
I hate my job can I quit or can i just not quit
Kids I wanna be kinda famous on Youtube how do I do that
The Fred channel is boring. What should the subscribers do?
Great video
Hi Fred you funny but you're channel is getting a little bit boring!
My Friend Hasn't Been Herself Lately. What Should I Do? 
 3rd comment good advice kids!!!
Wow so much cringe
Fred's not even on the channel anymore. I mean like his vlogs. U guys took over his channel!
I don't like these kids as much as the others. The girl tries to hard to be cute and the boy is kind of a creep...
Try hards
Fred died... ;-;
This is stopid
Of course...the only thing people ask about is relationship advice. That is the most overused, annoying question on the planet. Can we please make this more interesting?
Why doesn't Fred make videos no more 
HOW IS THIS FRED????!!!!!
boring
Man why did fred quit youtube I miss when the channel was funny. 
Unsubscrive
Fred is funny
If Fred doesnt come back on I'm going to unsubscribe so is ALL of my friends
why does he still make videos???
say this with me guys... We want Fred!, We want Fred!, We want Fred!
when do we want him? now!
What hppns when you fart a lot and your mum tells you off 

T
My sister been threatning me that she will kill me what should i do?
I hate the new Fred
One of my friends disided to ignor me how do I find out if she wonts to still be my friend ? 
These kids better stop.
Josh is spot on holyshit
I won't 100 toys
same
1. Wtf is this
2. Why is this content here
3. Why does this exist
Am I ugly???
Where is FRED
Where is Fred 
I can't stand my baby sister Anna she messes up my room when I just cleaned it when I'm tanning and she's in the pool she splashes in the middle of it so I was wondering if you could give me some tips on how to get along with her?
Hey all of u guys guess what this Isn't Fred's YouTube channel anymore it's Nickelodeons because he sold it to them now he is an actor just look up on Netflix fred and u will find movies he is in. Jeez you guys should look up stuff more and pay attention. -_-



Cringe
Funny
Someone bought the Fred channel now it sucks
Why is this on Fred's channel?
Didn't know this channel was still going.
That was actually good advice. And for just a quarter. My psychiatrist is totally ripping me off.
guys this fred just  takes away my stress oh i love it so sweet
Where's the real Fred you stole his YouTube channel
why is fred isnt here
This is soo cute
I wanted someone to say "give me advice for the perfect wank"
Not gonna lie this was actually pretty funny. Why is this on the Fred channel though?
these kids are genius
Sooooo funny and cute 
Fred is awesome not bad 😡😭
NO. JUST NO.
The first guy was in another video before on questions my parents won't answer!!!!??? RIGHT!?
you guys are awesome.
I like Gabriella
This isn't Fred what does this video have to do with Fred
15 like
They ruined the Fred channel-

Get your own fricking YouTube channel.
Awesome, I like this kids so much ^_^
Kids:Cute

This Channel:Piece Of Crap
If I'm upset should I talk to someone about it
1st commenter yasss!!!!
i want fred back>:0
Nice video FRED.
R.I.P Channel Fred ~ We miss you D;
12 comment
What is the meaning on life?



25€ x 999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999
how do i poop (lel)
What do if my sister Keeps taking my glarsess
by the way 
u r disposable,
horrible, 
rude, 
bad influence guy who thinks it's a free world. 
and I hate people like that. 

WATCH YOUR
MOUTH
A boy at school keeps calling me names and winding up a boy in my class who
Has disabilities and I don't like it. He calls me a goody too shoes because I told the headteacher about a fight on the field. Should I tell my Guidance Teacher? What should I do?
i know the girl on this video she used to go to my school-mikayla
that was hard 

Jamie'sRandomGames 

kids r on this to 
like me I'm just 
10 
u r a rill bad influence to kids 
adults and teens! 
 I say 
GIT A LIFE
Gabbie is the only Kid here Thats a brat.
Btw This Channel sucks now!
I miss Fred.
I was talking to 
Jamie'SRandoMGames
this has everything to do with fred
Why don't you change the name from fred to something eles
ITS TIME TO STOP BECAUSE THIS IS CANCER
If Lucas was still Fred than he would of still been the king of you tube 
I agree why is it on Fred's channel
 Please do more Fred cartoons I love them
wrong person
:D
Fred lost his show
give fred back his channal
da fek
wow there is not a lot of comments or views on this video! I wish people would give these new videos a chance!
when a person gets a tablet and the other person doesn't is that nlt fair
How do I tell my BFF that I like him...
okkk
my prablam is I love  dis girl
how can my mom stop getting mad to me
Didn't know that this was scripted until I saw the same man in multiple videos...
 Help
These kids are more mature than me.
OPPs
Should I stop eating pizza?
Guys lucas if Fred but it was him when he was a bit younger
Wow
These people are actors ,if you go on Jonathans channel it says he is an actor/model
I am having trouble at school what should I do
how do I become a llama?
Why do I like this
Fred, YOUR OLD VIDEOS WERE AWESOME! Please bring New FRED videos
But not that Kid FRED...
is this santamonica
lucas sells his channel to them
Can u kids get ur own channel plzz u dont deserve all these subs (no offense)
Your amateurs
Surprisingly, these kids are actually giving some good advice lol. Smart kids. 
Is this staged pretty sure it is
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
i know
I think this is fake because the first guy was on the other video questions my parents won't answer
YouTube bring me here? But why why YouTube!?
i know her she used to go to my school
is that same guy i saw in questions my parents won't anwaser
Why does Jonathan look like my friend(Austin)
Ssss
how do i get lots of subs on youtube
And these kids where paid to say and do this all.....not in quarters
They Sound So Smart Like Adults🔈🔉🔊
I need advice to leave the Fred channel and I'm not giving you a single penny on this crap so leave the Fred channel
This actually is way different than Fred's content why didn't they just make their own channel (not meaning to sound rude)
Why's he so posh
so my brother keeps eating 
my food what shall I do to stop eating my food
This is a bit lame sorry
Wth happend to the real fred
Do more Fred figgle horn 
advice uncle stop smoking

"Someone keeps eating my lunch at work"
STOP SAYING LIKE
If someone is bulling me what should I do?
How do I breathe?
   my but keeps hurting  me.    What shall I do☺😊😀😁😂😴😨😳😳😤😈😅
What is this s**t, what has happened to this channel?
This sucks I wish Fred was back
My sister takes my stuff what should I do      $10.00 for this
I WANT FRED BACK THEY R NOT
FRED . But the new videos are sick that's why I'm still subscribed . But they Gould change the name . Keep up the fantastic work 
now this sucks I want Fred back
This is so acted
Gi
im wondering if all the people who sked you quistions are akting
Lol
This girl is so cute
This channel should discontinue
I need advice I like this boy and his my age but I don't no how to tell him that I like him pls help me
do more videos
I wish this channel was funny.
At least change the name to Cringy Kids
THIS IS SO FAKE.
so people be calling me names what can I do
I need advice on how to deal with my 6 year old sister
Look I want to now how to fix my xbox 360
666 dislikes, and why the s this Chanel still up?
WTF Ta the beginning you called kit animtures
Hi
do you know what think Win win it is
lol amateurs
How to deal  with bullies
people are messen with me
I have a question? is there a way of doing anything fast?
is it me or does that girl look famaliar?
Did he sell off the channel to some kids
This is so scripted
Its funny how at one time u had ur own movies and ur just a washed up youtuber
Screw these people we want fred
they are smarter than the other kids
Gucci kid
The Fred channel sucks now
Who are you
Hey kids how to I tie a noose
Hey Lucas alot of people are saying do fred do fred but iv think if you like what your doing do it
however hif
No one would take advise from a kid... Maybe for a joke or because there cute or something
i don't know?
Who thinks Fred should come back
I WHANT FRED
My class mates keep saying that I like a girl but I don't I said that I don't but they keep saying that I do want should I do
you suc crap fred is better
Eat crap buyer of Fred channel
Awesome 
I have two boyfreinds you know
This this a price of crap Fred was way better
I need to know what is 9+10 when my teacher says angel what is 9+10 o say 21 she is like incorrect:( pls tell me the real answer pass
Gimme Fred not kids!
Uhhh terable advice 
I get bullied a lot and I'm quite sensitive. My mum said to shout at them but I don't won't to hurt there fealings! What should I do?????!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!!?!?!?!?!?
And why is it on the fred channel?
Fred you have add aka adhe
Fred is gon ?!?!
5rh
how dafuq do i get a girlfriend
this is one a little boy
My sister Deb died,And I left my son to become a lumberjack forever.But I want to go see my son,Even tho I don't want to hurt him like my sister.But I really want to go see him and my girlfriend.Should I?
This channel has nothing to do with Fred anymore.
This is mostly fake
I liked the old Fred back 8 years ago
Uhmm I think u gave the women about dating problems is a bad advice. Your going to mostly get her in trouble. Think what did u have said to her then u will know what i mean. Think hard [3
I hate my brother what should I do!
how do I get my brothers  to stop bothering me
IM DYING I HAVE A MONTH TO LIVE
I need advice on how to tell my friend that I like someone knowing that I can trust her
Why the hell i this on Fred's cahanel
my class mates and friends are ditching me around what should I do
same
Those kids need to put on Fred forever
I have a little bit of friends where I live and I feel bored what should I do
its all fake
Where is the actual fred
0:53 DICKTATER ★♪❹▆෴＞ℬp▐★♪❹▆෴＞ℬp▐★♪❹▆෴＞ℬp▐★♪❹▆෴＞ℬp▐★♪❹▆෴＞ℬp▐★♪❹▆෴＞ℬp▐
 None of that was real I bet they were paided money to say that...
LOOK DOWN HERE...







Find the odd one


😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😏😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒
Kiss your hand 3 times then post this 3 times on Fred videos
Gabi and Jonathan take over the Kid Advice stand to dish out all the advice these adults need and then some!
Well I do need a little advice so there were four girls they talk about my friend out of the four and she was said and stuff happened and we are having a meeting with our parents and school director what if I get in trouble for nothing what can I do to prevent that
sometimes at my school kids keep laughing at me
what the
ⓜⓎ ⒷⒺⓈⓉ ⒻⓇⒾⒺⓃⒹ ⒾⓈ ⓉⓊⓇⓃⒾⓃⒼ ⒾⓃⓉⓄ ⓜⓎ ⒾⓃⒻⒶⓜⓎ ⓌⒽⒶⓉ ⒹⓄ Ⓘ ⒹⓄ?

This new show is dumb get that balloon voiced Fred back
What happened to you Fred 
I'm  really  bad at  making a  cake 
I know right theres not even any fred there
this is fake guys, obviosly.
i need advice of getting rid of a bully
That kid is an aswhipe Tf he wants money
My parents don't like my boyfriend because he's a different religion. What should I do?
nis
Lucus just stop, this is horrible. These kids don't answer there questions well at all. The don't have pre set questions. They have to say it of the top of there head.
you sick ball sacks
Kid advice is a waste of money because they tell you crappy things and they get 21$ per time they do it
The kids are very smart
+Fred u people ruined my childhood amazing show and movies u people suck now bring him back now he is so much better #bringbackFred I don't know why his funny high pitched voice brightens up my day Wow this advice it the best my advice is BRING BACK FRED we all loved him back in the day u horrible people taking that away from us 😢 plz we need Fred again

Me hulk
The one about the poodle and the hamster scared me and I almost cried... Call me a baby if you want, but now I'm scared of my dog eating my hamster...
unsubscribe now Lucas is killing this channel
What happened to the old fred

where is Fred
Hey it's fred 
This is just kids giving their opinions 

ive seen that black guy on this show before. its either a complete cuincidance or its all skits and acting
My mom is so Boring wot should I do
Um I like this girl Olivia but she does not like me want can I do for her to love me
This is  spuipid and weird
Baby
Boo why is thar no more screaming kid?!?!?!👊🏻👊🏻👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿✊🏻✊🏻✊🏻👊🏻👊🏻😡😡😡😤😤😤😱😟😞☹️🙁😕😯😦😐
Ayay
bic
ever since those kids bought up Fred's channel, they mad it crap, with content with biased public,'the people they give "advice to" and completely wrecked it'. WHO WOULD GO TO A 7 YEAR OLD FOR ADVICE, LET ALONE PAY THEM FOR IT!
Give Fred his Chanel
this sucks I hate this channel sometimes I really wish that fred would never be dead and never stop making fred videos plz fred do this fred thing like how you did a trick and like how you maybe came back from the dead
ii
Uhhh these stupid kids took over Fred's channel! We're did Fred go?
Ya why
CONGRATS! YOU EARNED ANOTHER DOWNVOTE!
i dont like the boy hes to ''money money''
The kid with ginger  hair is selfish
Never seen a channel with 2 million subs only get 10k views after 2 days, wow. This channel really has died, RIP.
I remember this channel when it used to be funny 
well Lucas wasn't thinking well when he sold his YouTube channel
Nickelodeon killed Fred
R.I.P Fred 
2005-2013
I MISS FRED :O
da crap is dis?
The only reason I subscribe now is to see how far its fallen,
SOMEONE TELL ME WHAT THE FLIP HAPPENED TO FRED! I WANT THE WHOLE STORY! I DON'T CARE IF YOUR THUMBS OR FINGERS ARE HURTING! TELL ME NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW! 



Pretty please? :3
Yeah. Question: WHY WONT THE OLD FRED COME BACK?

Follow up: HOW CAN I CONVINCE LUKAS TO MAKE THE OLD FRED COME BACK
Hey hey, QUARTER
where the hail is Fred!?!!
this should be called anything BUT Fred
Toby was on buzzfeed...
Is it me or when Lucas left this channel began to fail 
Please can they kill themselves
I'm so gonna waste 25 cense for advice from a 7 year old
"How do you know what a bar is?? Aren't you like seven?"
FRED COME BACK DADDY
SOMEONE KILLED FRED!!!
why is the actual fred gone
Why are you guys on his channel
This is really boring, I WANT FRED BACK!!!!
THIS IS SO CUTE
I hate this channel now.
Here's a kid advice...



Bring back FRED!
rip fred
he got replaced with this bs
Good concept, but needs to be more raw/ real. Would be funnier/ more interesting if it wasn't scripted (and if this SOMEHOW isn't, needs to have better camera angles/ less cuts to portray that).
Get rid of dis
no fred u r our only hope, come back we need u
WTF?!!   R.I.P.  Old FRED. :'(
WHAT HAPPENED TO FRED???!!! 😭😭😭😭😭
Toby looks how I used to look LOL
How do you get a girlfriend
Fred.
Wtf happened
This.........this is definitely cringe worthy
Yes
Woww
Theyre so cuteee😊😊☺😍😍😍😍
i totally forgot about fred i came back and wtf happened
So. Much. Cringe.
Am I the only one who saw a
0:01 Toby mouthed "and im emma"?
Toby is one of the try kids
Lady: "I don't know if my boyfriend is cheating on me."
Kids: "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
I'm Glad you doing videos again
Toby is literally in every possible video with kids
This is my new fave thing
I forgot about Fred. This is hilarious.
How can you tell when your friend is secretly mad at you
TOBY'S ON BUZZFEED!
were's Fred?????
Fred uses to be one of the best things on youtube.its sad to watch everything end :( it really is
lol
I lik this show
Cant stop laughing XD
why is there no more Fred? ;-;
This was kinda funny
44th comment yaay
I WISH THEY WOULD SHUT DOWN THE FRED CHANNEL IMMEDIATELY!!!
0:43 
OMG THAT WOMAN IS SO TRUE XDDD
❤️
YOU LTTLE BRATS,GIVE BACK FRED!!!
OH MY GOD


I SAW PETE WENTZ' DOG I SWEAR
they're cute <3
this is scaring me
Bring back FRED
1
I meant they shut down all the Korean Fred Videos
lucas is using kids as a source of income
WHERES FRED I SO SAD
I MISS ORIGINAL FRED
Lucas gave his channel away (smh) god knows how this channel would have been now if he was still running it
WHERE DA FLIP IS FRED? All for subscribers is fake
Fred come Bake this chanel Sukes bring back old Fred
i saw toby in person
You should let Emma Talk Toby you are such a chatterbox 
Oh my god...these topics and awnsers
WE MUSS FRED!
WHAT DID YOU DO TO FRED?! YOU ARE THE REASON WHY HE LOST ALL THESE SUBSCRIBERS! WHAT ARE YOU DOING? WHAT HAPPENED TO THE FRED VIDEOS?!
4th
I knew the kid with curly hair looked familliar. He's Toby Grey from Hotel Duloone Brat
Who are these children
I wanted fred
I leave for a couple of years and come back to see THIS!!  I miss Fred
who the hell needs advice
I miss the old Fred.
Great video #DreamBig
umm i need advice like on what to do if you do not want to go to school
Fred come back
26
Cool?
As much as I hated Fred what happens to his channel and I would reather watch Fred.... No affence😐
You sure love working with kids....
Fred ur not cool anymore u just lost a sub
Obvious actors
What happened to this channel.......
Fred has sold his channel to this kids and now his channel name is lucas
And whers fred
the little  boy is from buzz feed
toby is from buzzfeed and the hotwheels vids
THOSE KIDS R SO ANNOYING.
That is gram from hotel DuLoone
plz tell me this is a joke
This is entertaining but it's NOT Fred.
GIVE US FRED BACK
I have a great question! Why are you so cancerous?
this is cute but what happened to fred
How to get a girlfriend
😭 this channel is bad now make more of in your face!!! 😢😢😢
THE CRINGE IS REAL
Fred made this Fred your like a baby WHY WHY WHY FRED
That's Hilarious!
Put this kid in squeaker squad
at the start when toby said "i think ill take this one" be meant "ill take the whole episode"
45 people have no sense of humor
Lol get such an amazing time I have any of my mom said he said you know how much as I have to do it would love the best way of this message in this message and then you know what do it was not be in this message in this message in this message in this message
End
For a new and then I have any other day to do it would like the best for a great weekend but it would love the best way you know how are the best way of my mom is not sure that you know if you are the first day to the first time I am not the first time I am not the first time I am b.          Hi I am not the first time I am not the first time I am not the oil is not be able at your time and then you know how much of my mom said he said he said he said he said he???????????????😅😅😅😅😅:O :-* pop in this message in this message in this message in this message in your
...
why would you turn three channel into this honestly
Wow Fred looks a lot younger!
This was pretty adorable. lol
hey toby you are annoying :D
Wtf happened bro
So cute, I like this kids ^_^
what the floop happened to MAH BRUTHERZ CHANLZ?
FRED WHYD YOU SELL IT!!!!!
FяED
lool what a set up you can tell its actors coming up or no actors but people who are in on it
"how do you know what a bar is your seven" wow.......
Where did Fred go
give me some advice plz 
so i have problems and i have only 3 friends , how do i get more friends?
Cute!
??😂😂😂😂😵❓❓❓❓❓❓❓❓⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️
How do you fart silent and then say a random sent came out of  nowhere
with this kid advice and questions my parents wont answer all these kids really know too much
LoL its rubish
Who misses the old fred
what happened to this channel?!
I feel llke doing this. advice from a 13 year old... ehhh
did someone take over his channel :( i miss fred he lost his fame
When I find these kids, I will ask:
Why are you still alive?
the guys are Gye
how do you make a better youtube channel?
1st
We all want fred
FRED Where are you
what is this xD noooo cringe
I miss old fred
Toby he is in the John Cena Video
Lol
He looks like the son of Gotye
umm why not make your own account
What is this stuff
1:40 she goes to my school!!!
Don't y'all see? This channel got hacked!!! That's why it has died... 
Yes, HACKED!
To be honest, all these videos are getting really boring now.. I miss Fred, I miss the days when I used to laugh and enjoy the content of this channel.. 
How do i my girl friend like me agin
This is super adorable and super funny! Love this idea!!!
BOO
Why are so many of the comments not replied to?
Kappa
On how to be cooler
I've already seen your movies :)
Dude me too
omg so cute
He is so enoinning
What did you do to Fred?
Lucas
They are all paid do do this
Those Kids Are Annoying AF.
What is this stuff
Y'all should stop demanding the original Fred..And stop hating this channel... He's made tons of videos saying he wasn't going to continue Fred...And some stuff on this channel is actually good...If you don't like what is on it, stop watching it! and if you want Fred, you always have his old videos and movies to look back to. <3
We want the real Fred 
ACTORS
fred got token over
Fred sold his channel :c
He sell his channel..
And I'll be doing whatever snow does in summer 
cool
2:27 the man in the purple shirt was also in the first episode of questions our parents won't answer, are the acting this?
Welcome to the premiere episode of Kid Advice!  Everyone knows that kids have all the answers to life's questions.  In episode 1, Emma and Toby tackle the tough, burning issues that have these adults stumped.
I think it's safe to say this channel is cringe and dead
my eyes hurt
where's Fred?
How do i get more money kid advice 
I actually enjoyed this lol
I want to delete this channel if I could....
it is sooo funny how no one cares about the questions the kids ask you to write in the comments and just blabber about fred instead xD
Fred sold his channel guys
that kid was on the John cena meme thingy
What did happen to him I totally forgot but bearly remembered about him why is there kids in the show ?

This is staged
Why this kid keeps saying emma
Wow I loved Fred so much, he was so funny but sold his channel to nick but these vids were bad but now THIS CHANNEL ENDED 3 YEARS AGO
what is 9+10?
This is fake
What does this have to do with Fred
Where is Lucas
the boy in the blue shirt is the same boy from buzzfeed XD
This suck we're is fred
i Fell This Is Scripted
i dont fink kids kan tak over FRED channel rip fred we miss you
Haha
This is created by the same person who ruined failblog

This is so bad.........
I  miss  the  old  Fred  😟😟
Fred's YouTube channel isn't funny anymore it's kinda weird and stupid
This is clearly scripted
What the hell is this
THIS COMPLETLY SUCKS, WERE IS FRED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They tried to get more views
Here's one WHAT ARE THOOOOOOSE
i like it
why do you have kid advise theres no fred
Why kids are taking over his channel 😡
I hate children
This is the dumbest channel I have ever seen
Ok I have a question how can I get a better camera for my vids plz someone answer
isn't Toby the buzzfeed kid?
Why is this channel still called Fred It should be called kids pretending to be adults the channel.
why? you fuckt it
The girl awfully looks like tiffany from bunkd
why the heck would fred sell his channel so that kids could make this crap
Fred why?
what happened to fred
Yi guysssSSSSA😋!!!!!!!!!"!!!!
Aww these kids A so cutee
Bring FRED BACK I HATE LUCAS
NOT FRED
What happened to Fred and this channel? 
Ok why would a adult ask a kid that !
The boy in the blue looks familiar. Like a little, ugly frodo.
why dont you make anymore older videos they were do good
Fred
K then
i'm japanesse
What is this crap
What is this crap
And how old are these kids?
He got hacked 
These kids are sooooooooooooo annoying bring Fred back!!!!😡😡😡😡😡😡
Fred is dead
Hmm...... So boring 😡
What a waste.
I can't even express with words how much I hate what happened to this channel, I feel bad for this kids that their parents forced them to do this
why
Well this sucks
That little kid is annoying.
No
Wait where is Fred
Boooooooo
7 year old knows what a bar is
I hate this I know it's 2017 but this crap is even worse than Fred. Fred was fine and it's dumb that these dumb kids bought his channel and now it's a stupid kid show I don't like it and no one else should either
Ugh I hate these people
FuckFuckFuck 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕
I am not trying to be mean but I got an ad for cancer before this video
#fuckyouatfigglehorn?
This sucks
umm what
Completely acted but still cute
Cancer
intro said: Hey it's Fred
i'm like: soo where is Fred i don't see 😒
did he sell his channel
why are they talking about girlfriends and breaking up in school..
oh wait they are 5 years old...
throws up
Rember when this channel was actually GREAT? 
Umm i thought of fred and i was like omg I'm gonna watch some of his new videos and then..... I see this..
what happened to this channel D:  
This is terrible compared to what went on on this channel in the past.
I came onto this channel to watch some Fred videos. I was not expecting: 
A. That there were no longer videos being uploaded to this channel 
B. That I would actually be able to find the videos I was looking for but obviously not .-. 
Like what the hell are these videos they have nothing to do with the Fred from like 5 years ago that was funny. Now I know that he grew out of this channel and has a new channel but honestly what are these new videos o_O
Oh yes, I remember Freddy.
Come back 2015 and I see... This
This is nothing compared to FRED.
What happened to this channel 😐
Hey is this the real Fred?
Honestly it's been 3 yrs seence I seen Fred
Tag yourself I'm Leilani
Third I love u fred
They kept the opening so you can remember the good videos
Fred is Lucas. Lucas quit this channel.
Oh my god this channel is still going on since 2009 dang I'm so outa con con trol to HEYYYYY ITSSSSS FREDDDDD
He must be like 20 bye now he must be old thats why he is isnt doing old Fred
Is this still Fred's account
Tablet
legends never die.
Missing Fred
13th comment!
RIP
Fred.  
I wish he did more Fred videos
Bring back old fred!
hard to choose but i'll say friend
WTF?!!  R.I.P.  OLD FRED!!  :(
I want FRED back. :(
u Fakes Why Did You Hack FRED
6th BABY!!!!!!!
GIVE US FRED
.second
Could u make these longer 
EHAT IS THIS
What happened to Fred? this isn't even fred im unsubscribing. Thanks for ruining my childhood
Remember when Fred used to be awesome back then? I miss the old Fred!
This isen't even Fred anymore
i thought you quit youtube XD
Jordan Black polls the class to see what they think about technology and social media, in the most relevant episode of The Substitute yet!  The big question of the day: would you rather have a new tablet or a new friend?
first
EVERY ONE OLD FRED OLD FRED OLD FRED OLD FRED!!
Social media 
Hi Fred
I thought this was normal Fred this is boring
I like this Sawyer
What happend to the old Fred????
WHERE'S FRED, COME ON! WHAT HAPPENED?
20th comment
#yousuck
Why can't feed come bck
Omg
😂And now it is a good thing to brake up by text😂
Still going strong at 2.4mil. Good.
Fred you are getting old now
2:57 OMG HE READS MINDS!!
S4S
Sawyer kid is awesome STAR WARS
Coment 16
Old Fred plzzzzzz
This isn't Fred
I think some kids hacked fred's account :O
Hay that's my friend end sawyer from school!
this and it's Fred seires were the only thing I came here for they both ended so this channel is nothing to me I'm going to go back to watching Matthias now bye ppl
this channel is ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................DEAD the best channel DEAD
rip this channel
New phone
"Hey it's FRED! :D" Where's FRED? I don't see him. I'm unsubbing. Thanks for ruining our childhoods.
Lol
I have app does work for
Who else thinks this channel sucks now that Fred is gone?
Fred's last video with the intro
more vids plz
THIS SUCKS! I want FRED
wow this is actually garbage, looks like Fred sold this channel.
Jordan Black? .... ok
So did they take Fred’s channel?
y de la nada un comentario en español
THOSE CHILDREN ARE TERRIBLE
yea these are stupid 30 k views for a channel with 2 mill SUBS is sad
Excuse me can someone tell me what happened to Fred? I've seen the old videos but I don't get why he isn't here. Is this like in the Fred goes swimming video where he gets a letter from the 'original owner' of the channel?
Fred is dead!!! Fred is dead!!! Come on let's chant it.
who needs friends? i have food
Star wars sucks
this sucks where's Fred
Air 1 or 2
Nostalgic.
Did fred sell his channel? Wtf is this lol
LMAO THIS DUDE WENT FROM HIS ALL TIME HIGH OF 60+ MILLION VIEWS to... 17 Thousand.... wow and what is this video even about? He stopped his annoying voice sketches or what?
Who’s watching in 2018??
our generation sucks
Where's fred
I miss fred
Of cours... Haters gonna hate -.- !
"Yeah I would delete my channel too if I have over 2 Millions Subs 'cause my "Fans" want that :3 ¬_¬
Who thinks Lucas have to delete his channel isn't a real fan ! 
I mean...he stopped make Vids for years !
So stop saying those things !
Lucas is only a human too
Maybe he doesn't have any time for making Vids of himselfs
This isn't a reason to hate him >:(


If you still hate him for this stupid thing
Go away, watch funny cat videos or I don't know... Eat a cookie ! (?)
Why the hell are these 4 year olds running a channel that was once call fantastic which is now called crap
Where's Fred! I hate this trash!
funny
Anyone here from iCarly ;-;
Omg josh😍😍!! The reaction to Michaels comment is probably the funniest thing ever😂😂 
what a dead channel now lmao
JOSH'S MYSTERY VIDEOOOOO <3
OMG THATS JOSH ,WHAT THE HECK IS HE DOING THERE?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Who came here because of JoshuaDTV's mystery video?
Make Ihascupquke a substitute.
mystery vid huh josh.....  AND I THOUGHT THAT KID WITH THE NICE BIG HAIR WAS FROM KIDS REACT. BYE...
wow his channel was awesome but now it is dead
The old Fred was better 
Just cuz Josh is here im gonna like 😂👍🏽
All I care about is Josh
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSHUA! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! Mefvirthivej3hghierhgjbe4gjhetjhgjhervihrjjrvjrtjgk<#$<!
Lol nones here for fred but josh
JOSH😍😍😍😍
Hey, Royel is from kids react!
I don't miss the old Fred now since there is chronicles of Fred and The Substitute thing and all the others series they have
OMG I love your channel Josh and Colleen's😃😃
JERSHUA!!!! also Michael is my child goals 
1st comment oh it's 3rd
K this is adorable, thanks Josh for making this the mystery video!
Yo with new version u r slipping so plz bring old Fred
JOSH'S REACTION TO MICHAEL HAD ME LMAO
Hahahaha only watch these for Josh, he's good with kids :)
OH MY GOD JOSH WHAT ARE YOU DOING
I miss the old Fred :/
"and the queen one don't"
JOSHHHH!!!
from 0:45 to 1:15 i laughed so hard i spit everywhere.
Yo
Oh Josh...I love you so much!
That does not make sense
Joshuaaaaaaaa
Hahaha I love Josh <3
I ♥ Fred !! ♥♡♥
What is Josh doing there where is Colleen
1,850th view!
I LOVE YOU JOSHUA!!
Wow that's sad.... I get more views than fred
This channel sucks now, but I only clicked it be uses I saw Joshua
WOW JOSH I DIDN'T EVEN CHECK THE THUMBNAIL YAAYYAYAYAYAYAYY
JOSH!!! :D <3
JOSHHHHHH OMG IDK YOU WHERE ON FRED THE CHANNEL??? LOVE YEA
JOSHUA EVVENS
This is my favourite video omg 😂😂
JOSHUA OMG HIIIIIIII HOWS COLEEN??? JOSHUADTV GUYS OMG
Yey josh
JOSH OMG 
Royel from kids react
It's Royel from kids react
Kid-If you went back in time would you have found a wife? 

Josh-wait what? No! (I am not getting married to Colleen Ballinger!) 
idk why is this hilarious 😂
"Did i just blow your mind" "um I think so" I LOVE THAT 
Miranda and Fred👌👌
omg! Josh ! :D
He almost has a wife ;)
1.kiss ur hand 3 times 
2.put this on 3 different Fred videos 
3.check under ur pillow
I would abuse time travel by seeing the results of my high school tests and then "retaking" them as if it was my first time doing it.
I clicked only coz of joshua
9th comment! Btw is that josh?
JOSH?? WHAT
JOSH❤️
Lol
Jochua!
JOSHUA!! 😩😍😍
Joshua !!!!!😍😍
IF YOU COULD GO BACK IN  TIME WOULD YOU FIND A NEW CAREER?
WOULD YOU HAVE FOUND A WIFE?
Tate, your intelligence blows my mind Tate is like Tite which is... DUN DUN DUNNNNNN
Is FRED dead or something? I haven't seen him for long time
Wow! I ever new that joshua dtv did this!
Remember when this channel was relevant? Me neither.
Go skydiving
Only liked for Joshua...
i saw your movie
WTF?!!  R.I.P.  FRED 
I only clicked this because of Josh
I was just scrolling through here and was like JOSHUA!!!!!!! YOUR ON FRED!!
WHY IS JOSH HERE????!!!!
I wish class was three minutes
Royel from kids react is here ?
Gosh Josh is so fine.
Why is this channel called fred
OMG JOSH! HE MARRIED COLLEEN
S4S
Just realized Royel from kids react like if u do too
Joshua from Joshua TV is here and Royel from kids react!
Omg JoshuaDtv
Josh he's so cool
and since when was fred educational hahahaha
Joshua❤️😻😍😘😃😊😚
Well this channel burned in a fire
HOW IS THIS FRED???!!
Joshua ain't good for good for kids he got to much baes..... 😂
Disenyland wasn't made in the year 2 did I blow your mind? I think. I understand I COULDN'T STOP LAUGHING OML
OMG ITS ROYEL 😱
Omg I didn't know Fred still made videos 
Oh awesome it's Colleens Fiance. :) Also those kids are so cute. :)
Josh gets roasted by kids😂😂
hahaha am watching thos in 2017.....
Where the neck is fred
That kid is on kids react and josh holy crap
Josh Evans...? wtf
is that Royel from kids react?
that's the kid from kids react and Josh omg
What goes on in Michael's brain is a mystery to science
SCREW going to the future the world might be gone by then
JOSH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I miss the old Fred with Fred like what even is this
i love josh and colleen
Tate must play ARC
Haha josh
isn't royel on kids react!?!
Yo that is collens husband
Doctor who !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WHY IS JOSH HERE???
what thefuck has this channel become?
thats royel from kids react
He has Coleen 
When is Fred coming back
Royal Is In FineBros
Omg he's the real Fred he isn't dead 
What ever happened to Fred 
I find it funny that I'm watching this after Josh got married to Colleen.
This channel is dead and we all know it
Hilarious,  just hilarious 
Is that royel from kids react
Now he's married to Colleen 
Josh is almost married little kids...
Kiss your hand 5 times, comment this on 5 Fred videos and look under your pillow
love it
I look at this channel and i realy dont now what this is?  
that kid is a savage
What have they done to he's channel
JOSHUA DTV MIRANDA SINGS EX????????
Man what the hell happened to fred????

Where's fred?
Alguien abla español
Fred is dead= like
I freaking hate Josh
These kids need to killthemselfs
That's... not the Matt Smith I thought they were talking about.
0:26

dont have to go to ancient egyptian times for that

just rewind a hundred years or so lmfao
Toby is such a SAVAGE
find the 6
555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555565555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555 like or reply if you found it in less then 10 seconds
I thaught freds channel died ages ago. By ages I mean 3 years ago. I mean, with such low-quality videos.
When has Fred's channel became educational. I missed the old Fred. 😭😭😭
That Toby kid kills me every time
haha very funny riley man can you keep doing this pliys
Toby think about the money
WTF?!  R.I.P.  FRED
I'm so confused. What's up with this channel? What's the scheme for posting/ content and why is fried in none of these videos?
1.kiss your hand 5 times
2.post this on 3 of freds videos 
3.look under your pillow
Wow teachers aren't allowed to give chrilden money
Top10comments
Lol I count all of the comments on my screen
Toby looks like the kid from stranger things
Fred Fred Fred Fred Fred Fred Fred Fred Fred Fred hi
I am a stegosaurus 
2nd BRUH
S4S
is it just or is the first person dangmattsmith#notification Squad go subscribe 2 dang Matt Smith he is really funny lol
You wanna know who is the best?
Read the first word
daaanngg matt
Ww2
oh that's right Brandon is nasty and has a very nasty channel, why is he around kids?
Listening and a lot more fun
DANG MATT SMITH
Lol
i like how in the animation that "fred" posted disabled comments
I miss this channel and ps like if your reading this in 2016
Under 30
5th
girl wants to live in the French Revolution but be a queen lmfaooo
I died of laughing😂😂😂😂
You Were on this video 3 times now 
Please dont watch these new vids. Search up Lucas for youtube channels and there you have it. Fred is Lucas.
dANG iTS MaTT smITH
So Fred does skits now, why 
Ayy that damg matte Smith get that out of here
mAtT? IS THAT YOU??
Omg its dangmattsmith lol
No its not Fred
Dang Matt smith
Under 20 cub

Kiss your hand 5 times, comment this on 5 Fred videos and look under your pillow
You went so downhill when this came I hate it
What is this and how does he have over 2 mil subs and less than 10k views
Can I have ur channel
ILL WOULD LIKE TO LIKE CAVEMAN YEARS
2018????
@Dangmattsmith
Lolllll
DangMattSmith
Reading more helps people 





Read more
first like😂
hey why is it called FRED if your noy Fred Figglehorn????
Dangmatsmith
find the 8
222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222228
Lmao "Can I say something?" "No." 
This is awful
Where's the real fred :/
R.I.P Fred
Fred is dead
Why doesn't the real fred come back
If this guy rlook at the Terminator movies
How was this once the most subscribed channel, and now can barely break 30,000 views.
FRED YOUR AWESOME I SAW YOUR MOVIE!! And Kevin made videos of calling you a noob
Robot are real there just endoskeletons
Lol I think Nathan is so cute
 Put fred  to do makeup on lucas
First!!

Hey Fred AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Fred be my best freind
FRED UR CRAP NOW!!
Like if ur watching in 2016
Oil is gas....
Where's the Fred who made the vids about hotels n stuff ):(
I really like this series haha!!!
what you problem ?
like if your watching in 2009
Lol Fred ur da best man
The best
This ain't Fred anymore.
Have any of them watched Ali a frhank
Holy crap! Remember the Pet Shop in the Fred Movie, the substitute in this episode is the black worker and he sprays Mace in the cashiers eyes!!!!!!!
OMG first!!!!!!
2nd
Yay
you cant unfriend people on instagram
What has this got to do with Fred?
Why wood the robot kill you?!! It's not freddy fazbear!
Awesome 4th
Robots are real the military has them there called drones
This is on my birthday
The kid knows about mase from fred the movie, and jordan black is in it.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Sawyer is fat lol😆😋
Nathan and Sawyer really stealing the show here lol
this just isn’t Fred, is it?
Hi
5th
OMG THE TEACHERS HAIR LINE IS AS BAD AS THE VIEWS ON THE CHANNEL!!!
Fred had kids?!
3rd comment 
Nathan is so funny!
Sawyer is from lele pons!!!!
R.I.P FRED WE MISS U
WTF?!!  R.I.P. 
This channel is dead af
Lol 20k views with 2.4 million subs 
why are the light skins in the front and the dark skins in the back...."-"
0:08 anyone noticed that that kid is from lele pons
If robots replaced humans every thing would die
And who is this dude?
i can see the difference in the views between this and the videos that fred used to do himself a massive difference come back fred
Where’s Fred?
