Thanks for watching. 

All Fat Damon songs are available on Spotify:
https://open.spotify.com/track/6d4TVaLuirhJw2HACGctIE?si=NzxiNQPLSmuGZCw2M7pBOQ

And also on iTunes:


And also on Soundcloud: 
Wtf am I watching..
It's nice to see a midget enjoying himself.
I'm not sure but I think he thinks his life is dope.
I like the part where he says “my life is dope and I do dope shit”
Getting some YFM vibes.
When I was watching I was like “lmao this reminds me of that old Your Favorite Martian thing” and then I realized
This was actually kinda clean. Is that your yourfavoritemartian showing?
I'm really drunk and i like this now
Your favourite martian vibes.. i like it
"my life is dope, and i do dope shit" 

i am 100% positive that you are referencing the dave chappelle video where he talks about one of his memories of kanye west. you probably laughed as hard as i did after hearing that :P. 

Okay i actually played the video, i was right lmfao.
Goes hard! Loving that you’re doing music again!
Thank you Kanye
Very cool
#RWJ
Not gonna lie, this isnt bad, and the message is good, but my mind keeps trying to put this into a YFM video cause of how much i miss that, even though it wont come back.
"my is life dope" nice, came here prepared for it to suck, ended up listening twice, great job
luv it Ray !!!! although I might sing "my life is shit & I am a dope"
I feel like I'm listening to your favorite Martian all over again 😍😁
You had me at rules of fight club.
I really love the message. Thank you, Ray! <3
Y.F.M is back from the dead
Glad to see you making music again man
=3 bring it back!!!
i have followed your whole music career and you are still good
Listened to the whole thing but it's not my style. However, if this is what you like to do Ray, more power to you man! Good luck with this and your other projects.
Ray, seeing you do music again brings joy to my heart. It's just like the good old days.
What da fuq did I watch?
YFM showed up in one of my spotify playlist radios and i find this one day later. What are the odds?
Added to playlist!
Holy hell ray please make more
Been watching you a long time man always fun watching your vids keep up the good work
I have no doubt that I would definitely have a heart attack if we ever met. LOVE YOU RAY.
legend but u gotta work more on music lol keep it up tho!
maybe fat damon is not the right name, but still good quality music as always
Wow after years coming back to this channel and finding this gem. I am listening on repeat.
Love the editing <33
I love your music Ray.
I can't stop listening to this XD
My life is also dope, and i do dope shit
Yeah man! My Life is dope and I do dope Shit!!! 😂😂😂😂👍
homie is still from new york
I love this positive message you're spreading with Fat Damon as a medium.
This is an acid trip, but I am not sure I mind
this is fantastic ray !! keep em coming ❤️
THis is my Fave Song of 2018
You could have done a YFM video, but that’s just my opinion.
Love it!!!!
I love it. Catchy. Got that YFM vibe! Love you Ray! You're definitely talented. :)
This is awesome!
Nice song
come to brazil :)
NEVER STOP DOING THIS, i looovee yourr  rapssss
I'm incredibly happy to see that your back to making music and I hope that your enjoying it! The video quality is amazing and I can't wait to see what you do next!
correction. this song is the thing thats in fact dope.
I highkey love this song, definitely an earbug🙌🏾🔥
Life is dope but sometimes it can be stressful
I didn’t know midgets lived this long 😂. If you didn’t grow up watching him you didn’t have a childhood.
At first I was like "Gah...this is a bit cringey for RWJ". But towards the end.....I'm rocking along and singing "My life is dope and I do dope shit!" internally like nobodys business! :D PS! I suffer from a inferiority complex from hell! So I can really relate to overthinking and being way to hard on myself! But I'm well on my way to recovery! And even though I don't feel I can say I'm good......I can say I feel way less bad than I have been previous! :) Regards from a long time viewer from Norway.
You inspired me to make music years ago, I'm glad your back. Fresh as ever. Don't stop.
So glad you're making music again this song is fire asf
I’ve been procrastinating and hoping I’ll somehow get motivated. This made me feel better. Thanks :)
3:20 was that Shia LeBeouf?
Damn 🔥🔥🔥🔥
That was... Dope!!!! 😎😎😎😎😎
This is what Dave Chappelle said about Kanye
So ray.. what's up
i love how you write with so much pop culture reference, Fat Damon! (y)
Hey that xinfin crypto know anything about it sounds good. Hybrid block chain new tech. What does everyone thing about it
Damn this aint too bad, pretty good wordplay
I love the song but the hook is kind of annoying other than that it was fabulous
When will the next be out
This song is dope
1 vid a month?
Breh, the rap game has changed

Gucci gang gucci gang gucci gang x20
Always love your music Ray!
god job . i like the vcr
I watch your channel for many years, keep well! You are a world blogger.
“The world doesn’t suck, your personality does” 😂😂
No. My is! 

oh yeah yeah
Yes!!! Music is back 😍😍😍
Yes!!!
My life is shit and I don't do dope.
Perfection.
Thats wassup ray u da best!
nice vid dude!
Isn't this what Dave Chappelle said when meeting Kanye for the first time or something?
#CloneWarsSaved
This is so good! Love your music so much, i reckon we all would love to see Ray animated for the next song? :D
Why was Shia LaBeouf there at the end?
RAY!!!!! 😍
Please tell my i can buy this on itunes like 10 minutes ago <3
Perhaps for the past few years I got too used to the raywilliamjohnson name that seeing Fat Damon here feels somewhat different. But still, it's all about doing what we want to, as long as it's not anything bad that causes harm, keep at it and do it!
I love this. When are we getting a new track though?
I generally think videos like this are dumb, but this one was genuinely entertaining and catchy.
Shit's hella dope.
Why fat Damon? Why not just RWJ. I'm glad to hear your back into playing around with music. I really wanna see you challenge your rap skills!
Ray William Johnson is making music again. Suddenly, the world doesn't seem so dark.
This is amazing Ray!!!!
God joined the server
hey ray this shit is DOPE!!!!!1 you won the internet for today, good sir
Truer words were never spoken. My life is dope.
AYY I love ya man.
my favorite martian is dropping mad verses!!!!
1:25 is where the song really gets good
just KEEP  doing IF U like it , I LOVE IT!! u getting betta! and betta and bettaaa.. betta!!
At first i thought this song was lame, then i found myself remembering this quote, now i come back to listen to it and honestly its motivating and i think i under appreciated the lyrics big time. Ray this song wasnt bad man. Thanks
the message is REALLY good but I didn't like the song very much
I think your songs are awesome, keep it up and keep making more!
Your Favorite Martian 2. I love this. Thank you for this culture.
Flows good but that hooks kinda corny
❤️
Fuckin sick❤❤❤❤🔥🔥🔥🔥
Ray never gets old :p
I am feeling better after this song thank ray
Preferred the other two so far, but I’m always happy to see you put out new songs. You’re the best.
This song and music video is just... SO DAMN DOPE!
your the dopest ray
So ray.. what's up
Ay this shit is pretty dope
My Is Life Dope
love this ray keep this shit up dude
This song is my inspo song man
Great stuff.
My is Life Dope
Good to see u do music again, missing your favorite martians
My Is Life Dope
2nd
👍🔥
I thought I'd hate this, but I dig it
So good! I really love it
Reminds me of JonLajoie a little bit.
dat flexxx ™
Hahahha u are Awesome bro
this is good
Bad ass video that fits the song.
Ray is dope and he does dopeshit
U need to record some more songs and u will be really great singer again
I didn't smile all day until i saw this
My is life dope
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Sooo good
F
Heck ye
Was it poopy di scoop
Haha wow good for you my boy
This is a good music video. I like the lyrics because they are inspirational.
2:03 this is my life
Nice shit. Has a great old school feel to it.
GOOOODDDD DAMN I just got transported back to Your Favorite Martian ... And im in love with this song just because of that
Kinda reminds me of spose
New song for my car's playlist
He only posts on Facebook now :\
You probably couldn't tell but his life is dope and he does dope shit
😻😻😼
I love you, Ray. Well, I love your music, your cartoons, your jokes, your comedy, your talent, well, yeah, I love you, dwarf little racoon that you are.
A little rusty ray but props still
Where's the video for "Antisocial"?
Dope!
Dope dope dope dope🔥
Dope af
This song is dope
DOPE
37th
Know this, been following you since equals 3, and still do cause you do dope shit, greets from Scandinavia Copenhagen Denmark. Have you ever been in this parts...?
Ouch
Fire
It's cheesy but I like it.    It's... dope    XD
You fit the mature stuff a whole lot better!
📛📛📛
This song is stuck in my head
yeeah!
we get it your  life is dope jeez
Amazing
My life is dope and I have Jesus to thank
Ha! Love this so much! 
Ray, you've been killing it this year.
Love you, man! :)
Pretty cool beat
Dope
Dope
Dope
This is seriously better than most of the other music out right now. I love the  Fat Damon songs.
dope shit
YFM vibes
My life is dog
i disliked at first, but changed it to a like pretty quickly... slick editing, masterpiece!
The world needs more of this Ray. Release more songs.
Thought this was going to be parody of how songs are made these days, but damn this diff.
Its a bop
Ok
i love it
lil pump
dang
My life isn't DOPE..but I still do DOPE SH!T
keep it up <3
Ray, this is great, but no song you've (recently) done has topped Conspiracy Theory Guy, and that one was great in my opinion because it felt like a musical sketch (does that make sense?)
I mean, it was overall funny and somehow relatable...
Maybe you should try to make something like that again.
Love it!! You've always been a good rapper!💕💕
Ray wya brotha. We miss ya
Awesome!
Start uploading YFM again pleasee 😂
awesome sauce
I learned this channel cause of fb.
I'm not quite sure, but I think his life is dope and he does dope shit.
At least it's better then your favorite martians
You are always be Goku to me
Nice.
Ray will you ever bring back =3
lmao.
Pretty good!
Lol
The to go motivational song...
Ight
Come back with more music it's great
This is like lonely island but better
I wonder what his life's like 😳
YFM...
Thought it would be shit at first but it's a banger puff puff
This is awesome I was watching some YFM and found this pretty dope lol
Fucking badass.
reminds me of yfm
Dope.
Wtf
My new alarm clock every tuesday morning... This song is dope and it does dope shit
This song is sick first few seconds is weird tho bc i thought the whole song would be the same thing lmao
I also watch Dave Chapelle interviews to get through the tough days
❤️❤️❤️
Idk what I'm watching
You have seen The Lion King, right?
Oh God this song is stuck in my head! Someone help me!
YFM return PLEASE
The Dopest song about self-acceptance.
Hahhhhhhh
MOAR music please. The rap game needs a savior cuz of all these mumble rappers. Be that savior Ray. I know you can do it you are a very talented artist. Just follow your dreams man that's how you accomplish things.
Yass!!
I Like it
Bring back your favorite Martian 👽
James Avery the man who played Uncle Phil in the Fresh Prince of Belair also played Shredder in the 1980s Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Cartoon
This was such a cool video!
why is this lowkey fire
I think his life is dope
This is my new ringtone, striaght up. Dammit man I love your voice.
YEEEEESSSSS
Your songs are just getting better and better and that’s dope
Now this... this is what we needed...
FIRST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow your favorite martian has gotten better
Flocabulary right here
i dont care you are dope or do dope shit its all meaning less , and despectijue  , you probably dont even know what is despectijue ,,, ,,yeah the "e" is silent  , duh whatevaa
it's cooler than 50% of Russian music in my playlist)
Fred astaire was much better. Do more like fred astaire
Love you bro you were my favorite when I was young  back in equals 3💯
RAP IS NOT MUSIC. SORRY.
Love it, clearly some's been watching Dave Chappelle interviews
Its Comic guys why takin life serious :/
I missed your musical crack
Bring back yfm please
haha...dope
You're a talented dude.
DOPE
i‘m getting all them yfm feels._.
Hell yeah ray
Like if you want him to bring back YFM
FAT BARS
Sounds even doper at 2X speed the first 9 seconds and then switch it to 1.25X speed right away. Dopeeeee
That's a Kanye quote
That's some dope positive song. Make those more!
Holy, this is mesmerizing
you're my favorite rapper and i don't regret it
Wait...why am i loving this
I get the impression that RWJ thinks his life is dope...I may be wrong
Can't lie Ray I needed to hear this cuz I related to the lyrics so much and this makes me really happy
so what’s the Kanye quote
Beat is fire
he kinda sounds like billie joe armstrong which is funny cause I can imagine billie joe singing this song
This is just the audio for the new Fat Damon song "My Life is Dope". Full music video coming in a few weeks. 

Link to Spotify:
https://open.spotify.com/track/4R0rZqrNi7wI2AIHPhziGj?si=GbLirwDdRcCHOiLD6WFhPA

Link to iTunes:


Link to Soundcloud: 
Referencing Fight Club's adaption's referencing of Kubrick's adaptation of King in a song explicitly meta-referencing Kanye's self-referencing song. We hitting peak postmodernism now boyz. Dope beat tho )
i loved YFM AND I love this
heck yeah man! I do dope shit to!
loved the “i am jack’s...” - fight club is my favorite movie and i get tired of people only referencing it through the “first rule of fight club” quote. respect.
Ray is at it again
Dope retro look, can't wait for the even doper full vid, keep Tony Starking at life, Ray
I did not expect a pep talk in this song, honestly i expected to laugh not get pumped i got a job interview today and i just a confidence boost!
Damn, this one is good Ray!!! 👍👍👍🖖👌
SLAPS
1st
This shit is so fire
So happy to see Ray posting more dope raps!
First
First
My life is shit but smoke dope dope
I remember Dave Chappelle saying that shit in the interview on late night. Word up Ray.
This is song is dope 😎👍
DOPE!
fire tbh
I really enjoy the beat and the thoughtful verse in this song but I have a hard time with relating to the chorus. I hardly ever catch a break and feel like I’m muddling through most of my days. How do you put a positive spin on a life you’ve had to live because luck hasn’t really come your way when it comes to jobs or schools?
Thats fire when he really gets into it
I love it
Freakin awesome man! Great work bruh! ;)
you produce yourself?
Moi qui n'aime pas le rap!
Keep goin' I want moreeeeee
Really inspiring
This was dope
🔥🔥🔥
Seriously best day New gorillaz and now new fat Damon. Awww YISSS
I am under the impression that his life is dope..
This is dope man ( heh see what I did there) keep up the great work ray awesome as usual
Sounds like a Hoodie Allen song
Oh what the hell this isnt that bad
That beat 🔥
im dope furrrrst!!!!
This song is dope.
This is the best one so far
I wish my life was dope, uckfay uoyay
With this song Ray Willam Johnson sneaked into my top 10 MC's 🔥🔥🔥
One hell of a man you are :D
That was... dope.
Damn I hope you're coming back with music again. This song, well I really enjoyed it,
holy shit this is good
Your favorite Martian renaissance
Very nice ! i've been listening to it for a couple of hours !
Yo men this is fire put it in Spotify
That was amazing
Im Liking these songs.
Cannot resist iglatinpay...you are really flippin' amazing !!!!
Were you the person from your favorite martian?
Yaaaass
Beat is pretty fat
ray do some mumble rap.lol
Thanks for watching. Let me know what you think. 

Link to Spotify:
https://open.spotify.com/track/6d4TVaLuirhJw2HACGctIE?si=NzxiNQPLSmuGZCw2M7pBOQ

Link to iTunes:


Link to Soundcloud: 
I missed you singing like back in Your favorite Martian . Damn awesome
Getting YFM flashbacks😢❤️
Ray William Johnson making a music comeback thought I'd never see the day.... Loving the music so far mate.... Please continue
Now I'm about to go binge the entire Your Favorite Martian archive. Sweet.
"UCKFAY OUYAY"
What did i watch but i still loved it
And now I want a McRib...
Love this, so much love this right here :) xox
Free the nip!
It was a pleasure to work with Ray! 🥁✌️
Unsensore version now
Ive been a big fan since i was like in elementary. Ive already graduated college
I like it man, I hope you definitely don't dial it back, but make it more in your face! Keep it going Ray!
"Bringing it back like Roseanne" Ouch
Great song. But for some reason, the song reminded me of Your Favourite Martian. Sweet sweet memories.
I miss soo much your favorite 👽
But good video bro 😊
Nice!! Keep doing you. We're only human, remember that.
everyday is a doomsday for me
Damn dude... I like your freaking Music, it's spinning in my head
Hell yeah best one out of all music #UCKFAYOUYAY
Im always coming back like the mcrib
Keep it weird Ray! Loved it. Lookin' forward to more.
Humming UCKFAY OUYAY 
Catchy 
I dig it 
Well worth 4min of my life 
No regrets. 
👍
Also red kelly is amazing we hope yall are truly happy cause u both deserve it
love it! thanks for this amazing song ray <3
This was amazing I loved every second of it<3
this made my day...no...my year pretty much, you encouraged me to keep going and "live life uckfay ooyay" 

who else feels the same?
"These turkeys got beef, but they're too chicken to go ham" 
Bars lol
I've never related to a song so much 😂😂
Ray and his voice doesn't age
This was awesome man. Great job with everything. I approve this video.
Yes! You're making music again. THIS IS WHAT I LIVE FOR
Wordplay on point
These songs and videos are so good and I only think they're going to get better. Keep up the great work!
Damn bro I'm loving this! Great job dude keep it up.
Love it so much Ray <3 throws roses
this is so fucking good. i am so glad you are making songs again!
this is actually fire
Ray this is the best stuff you done in a while keep it real man
I'm living my life uckfay ouyay....
Best part
im so happy right now, your voice in a song is a warm hug for my heart. Keep going <3
Uckyay ouyay, another ear worm I need to get out of my head. 
Loved it!!
Ray one of the goats fr, people sleep lol😂😴 straight fire🔥🔥🔥
I love your music <3
BEST ONE YET

Love the music, Ray! Hope you never stop.
I really enjoyed this
2:42
"Why're you being a buzzkill like you're stepping on a bumblebee?!"

I'm so going to use this. Best line of 2018.
Love you Ray! Been watching for so many years now 💙

More songs finally!!!
Damn. Serious YFM vibes.
This was so cool to see you getting back into music and just having fun! I freaking loved it and I really want to see more
Your Favorite Martian :D
This video was cool ray. Keep up doing things your way
Always awesome man keep doing a great job
Lowkey liked it more that conspiracy theory guy
SO GLAD you're making music again!
Loving the work Ray, been loving your work since age 15... im now 24. Still a great comedic mind 👍 peace from the UK my man
Absolutely loved the song! I can't wait for more :D
Really contagious (can I use this word here?) song Ray. I love all your works
Music?!  Yaaaaaay
Dude that shit is awesome bro! The song is great, nice job. Keep being awesome man.
Wow, was that a seven deadly sins reference, good shit
Awesome stuff ray, keep up the great work man!
Love it dude. Keep it up. You make good and catchy music
Glad to see you are doing well :) 
Loved the song!
Yo u r really unfuckable rocking man
 I like the song😂🤣
You are sooooo incredibly talented Ray! Love the song! It's so catchy I'ma be singing it all day lol Keep up the amazing work! <3
Reminds me of your favorite Martian. You’ve got a good voice dude
Ray i just want to say that you are freaking awesome keep up the awesome work man!!
Omg this is lit😂😂🔥🔥🔥
RAY STILL GOT IT1
Great song really enjoyed it 😂😂. cant wait for the next one 👍👍
I've been a fan for about nine years and everything you create is awesome! Keep up the great work! It's all amazing.
The rise is coming where do I purchase stock
Duuude, this song is fire. Keep up the amaaazing work. <3<3<3<3
Awesome ray just like YFM
Dude I love this sooo much
I keep coming back and watching this. Congrats brother. It’s officially stuck in my head. Love it man!
love it abought time you started making music again .. keep up the good work
PuffPuff!!
The happy days line was 🔥
This video never hit my feed, I'm just now seeing it.😐😐
love new music from you keep it up
Keep making music.
love it ray <3
Love that you're making music again Ray
I miss the YMF days. Great to hear you getting back into music.
thanks youtube for telling me this was uploaded oh wait thats not what happened gotta hit that bell I guess great song and vid bro
this song is damn awesome! So great to hear you making music again! Catchy, witty, funny. keep it up!
this is the ray i love
Love your music. You have a unique style.
Yaaaaahhs. Da music baaack. Hell's ya. I do now also kinda wanna Mcrib.
This is actually good
I just want to comment again an thank you Ray so much. This song inspired me to get out of my horrible and abusive situation an live my life. Thank you so much. Love your music love you. ❤️
Good shit homie
Was good my mans. Keep it up
love that song dude im soo listern to it over and over
Love your new music! This is the best!
Love it Ray. Missed the music. Glad you are back to it.
dude its just like your favorite martian, nothings changed
Love the video ray!!! love the fact that you Incorporated the text in the video
Yesss
This is actually good! Love it!
I listened to this once and DAAAAAMN!!!  BEST SONG SO FAR!
This is good man
Used to listen to all the old songs you made back in like 2013 or 14 lol. Keep it up! This is a step in the right direction
Bizarre but I kinda wanna watch it again lol That tune is gonna be stuck in my head for a while but it also put me in a good mood so thanks Ray!!! 😄
RWJ has always made good music♡♡
Please post the lyrics
Dude this song is so awesome ! Like this is deep and you got good flow 👌 imma be listening to this for a while :)
I love this song!
Finally managed to learn the lyrics.
been watching for idk how long. this was great haha
This was fun. We need more!
Remixes me of yourfavoritemartian band
You are awesome, Ray!!!!! 🌅
wot
Welp, I’m probably going to listen to this too many times to be proud of. 😂
Ray looks like Bruce banner
Dude what a beast.
crying because i fucking loved yfm and this reminds me of it, love you ray!
Loved it Ray! Excited to see you continuing to be awesome and evolve! Love seeing your great shit and supporting it!
1000th comment! Luv u Ray!
Holyyyyy shit dude, how are you so talented!!!
god damnit ray, i love you in music man
Damn I really really love your songs!!!
Amazing, Ray. Very Entertaining, Love it.
Great job man!!
I actually really liked this 😂
this is actually really good
I LOVE IT more please
Freaking love this song!!!!!
Please post more, I miss you so much! 😂😍
So glad you're making music again! This video and song are perfect, can't wait to see all the new stuff you'll be putting out! You're other two were fantastic but this is probably my favorite song of all time right now xD
I have no idea why I like this so much. Well done Ray!
So glad to have you singing again
Ray fu*k your  FB sķits make music man please  . I begg you  man . We need this .
OMG!!! I loved it!
I LOVE THIS!!!! WHO IS THIS GENIUS?!?!
For those who wants to sing along. without being confused lol. (Please don't bash me)

Yeah, I got a funny face.
You can call me Fred Astaire
If you don't believe in hell,
How the hell could you be headed there?
I'm about to lead a revolution,
Cross the Delaware.
Or maybe I'm not going anywhere like M.C Escher stairs.
No plan.
No ma'am.
That's the way i'm programmed.
I'm so mentally unstable I should star in Homeland.
Bringing it back like Roseanne, I'll bow down to no man.
These Turkeys got Beef but they're too Chicken to go Ham.
And i'm pulling back the curtain.
Cuz when your magic's working everybody calls you Merlin.
But when it isn't workin, same person calls you worthless.
But now the tides are turning like you just changed detergents.
Imma do what I do no matter what you say.
I'm living my life,
Uckfay Ouyay.
I guess that every Superman has a Doomsday.
I'm living my life,
Uckfay Ouyay.
I'm pretty good, but there's room for improvement.
My dream is to join the X-Men and become a mutant.
Develop a dope-ass superpower and then when I use it,
It'll have the dudes scared like the  Movement.
And what the hell is wrong with me?
Maybe I should stop horsing around,
And be a Model-T.
I couldn't give commands if i authored to Deuteronomy.
The only props i get is when i'm doing Prop Comedy.
So where in the hell are my Accolades?
I'm barely even getting a passing grade.
I've got about as many real friends as Tom Hanks in Castaway.
But I've still got that super strength and I did it without those Gamma rays.
Cuz these days are 
Ahhhh, Happy days.
Well I do what I do 
And I'm about to change the future where's Elizabeth Shue?
But you don't hear me like a Soft C sound in Madrid.
But I'm always coming back, girl. 
I'm like the McRib.
Imma do what I do no matter what you say.
I'm living my life,
Uckfay Ouyay.
I guess that every Superman has a Doomsday.
I'm living my life,
Uckfay Ouyay.
I can take a loss,
I can handle rejections,
I just wanna have an effect like Russians on elections.
I can take a loss,
I can handle rejections,
I just wanna have an effect like Russians on elections!
Some of you people are done with me.
Rustin' me up like a Pumpkin seed.
Failing again be humbling.
So that's why I rap so Tongue and Cheek.
Look at my accomplishments and all you see are tumbleweeds.
Why you being a buzzkill like steppin' on a bumble bee.
And you can think what you like,
Cuz it would take a brain transplant to change your mind.
Oh, well. You know I got the juice so why the hell you drinkin' Kool aid.
I also rap in Pig Latin so Uckfay Ouyay!
Imma do what I do no matter what you say.
I'm living my life,
Uckfay Ouyay.
You better wake your ass up cause it's a school day.
I'm living my life,
Uckfay Ouyay.
Na Na Na Na
Na Na Na Na
Na Na Na Na
Uckfay Ouyay.
Na Na Na Na
Na Na Na Na
Na Na Na Na
Uckfay Ouyay.
That was awesome ray
Dude you just keep getting better
I loved all of this! Thanks Ray!
Your awesome that song was dope
Reminds me of your Favorite Martain
I am very confused why there is a topless woman in a storm trooper mask
Loved the visuals
Love it! I play this over and over again haha🔥 u r awesome ray!  Always saw ur videos growing up.
I am confused. I both hated and loved it? I have duelling personalities now? :S
nice video man, made me laugh a little bit during the election part.
im gonna ask what im pretty sure everybody wondered...
why is there a shirtless woman wearing a storm trooper helmet?
we want more music!!
You never dropped an album under the yourfavoritemartian project, so you better release a Fat Damon album
Loved the video glad to see you making music again keep it up.
What does "UCK FAY YOUYAY" MEAN?
Keep it coming I'll watch anything ray puts out
I’m so glad you’re getting back into music. I love it!!!
(｡▼皿▼) Beside the great song, I would just also like to appreciate to see Ray singing on the couch with a half-naked female stormtrooper.
I felt on your video . I love this. Nice work! Good song! gReat.
this song is so fking good
never thought I would hear Ray rap again
did not listen to your old music but this is very nice. keep it going ray
Loved it! Of course now I'm going to be saying uckfay ouyay in my head. I should use pig Latin more often.
Omg I"ve been waiting for this thanks
Don't dial it back Ray. Be who you are. Stay true! ✌
I'm so happy you are doing music again
This song is now my new favorite, listened to it 3 times already!
UckFay !! ouyay!! im defenitly using that from now on
The video wasn't cray enough. :P Those lyrics though. 💜 Looking forward to other genres as well.
IM LOVING THIS MAN KEEP DOIN IT
That's just funny, and I know the work you need to make a song or a video like that! Nice job!
Ayy boii
love this more stuff like this please!!!!
All the dudes scared like the me too movement 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
okay those bars were so gooood! i love all the double entendres and just all the word play with basic/more relevant (like the election) things. great song, Ray, awesome!
This is how I live my life, so haters, UCKFAY OUYAY!
Awesome song Ray, keep making music!
Yooo I used to watch ur videos when I was like 12 I’m 20 now ur still dope yo
No dial it harder ray loved it coulda been better with me in it for sure ;p love ya homie
this is amercia....but rwj style
RWJ still got them musical skills. Very catchy song so I'm gonna be here a bit replaying.
im looking forward to more!
this sounds so much like something that i would write
Keep at it Ray, Doing great!
Nailed it Ray good job
Keep it up ray
I needed this
Good stuff man!
amazing, enough said
Loved it Ray
I see that GH guitar, let's play some clone hero!
Cray as hell and even catchier haha, great video glad to see these types coming back
HAAAAALLLLP!!!!!  I'VE BEEN EARWORMED!!!
Fat Damon was everywhere! Welcome back Ray! Finally :)
I luv it!!!
Love this!
Definitely in the strange part of the internet section lol! Very interesting but fun
Am I first!
Edit:- Lmao this video is great !
I love it!
Dope
Ray's old stuff was immature and unfunny, but I loved it at the time.  Now, he's making legitimately mature, good content...  Huh.  It's like we're growing up together.
Ouyay [ow yay]
WTF bro!!! But seriously loved it.
This was awesome!  Keep it up!!!!
I uckingfu love this song.  Ouyay!
I’m surprised how much I really enjoyed this!!
Loved it! Am I the only one getting country vibe?
Loving the new RAY..
I really like the song but the part I don't like is when you brought up politics 9/10 great song.
I've watched this like 7 times tonight. My buddy and I danced to it tonight
The Model T line was clever
Not gonna lie, I wasnt expecting to like this, but I really like it a lot, keep making music like this
Recently watched this and then not long after, there was an ad on TV saying the McRib is back
Amazing, congrats!😁
The word play is pretty strong in this one. Great :-)
I love the music because it reminds me of your YFM era which I understand you aren’t trying to perfectly replicate but I feel like your songs need to have an overarching theme. I love the weirdness but I feel the need for the whole video/song to have a consistent theme. Keep it up Ray!
Yo this is so cool I love it man!
I’m a part of the first 20 k to see this YEEESSSSS
i wanna have an effect like Russians on elections ....  winning line bro. you got my vote.
Enjoying this one Ray. Something that defiantly gives yfm a reincarnation to the current era.
Bringing back the days that you were yourfavoritemartin I really loved those songs and its pretty clear you've gotten way better since then.
My nostalgia. I love this
Uckfayouyay! This is awesome!!!!
make more man you doing good
:D
Great performance!
This was dope, hope people pick up what you put down.
Culture vulture....lol Ray William Johnson killed it
Why was that Stormtrooper Topless?
Keep doing what you do dude.
Wtf. That was. Good? I don't know I like it.
It's good yo, but jeeze... How long did it take you to produce it and put it out?
Keep going!!!!!
Bought this on iTunes last week, glad to finally see the video for it :)
Awesome song, awesome video, will be listening to this on repeat.  :)
what does ouckfayouyay mean
Wow this sounds great!!
Damn. This song hit me hard!
That's was nice. Keep it up
This is amazing 😂
Freaking love it!!!
Loved it and the message, you are inspiration to us shy artists out here thanks one of your fans...
Very nice. It is good song. I am from Croatia, please give me heart!!!😍😀
So no one is going to ask what uckfayouyay means
It's even more awesome with 1.25 speed.
Great video ray!! Good to see you again.
Awesome video, awesome song! You’re still the best!
I literally cannot stop listening to this!
I enjoyed it man
Loved it, deep, catchy, good anthem!
Loved it, deep, catchy, good anthem!
And I am living my life f  you?
like you could book a tour easy.
More tats per haps
Im 100% addicted to this song.
not bad at all can't wait for next vid.
Much better than what I expected very pleased
I really follow you cause you look like Joey from F.R.I.E.D.S. and I love Joey and I love your content!
I love it! more more music
This is amazing!
I don't know Pig Latin though.
Like the music
This is great. Please get back to the music. Stay awesome.
Gotta be honest.. These bars arent bad..
Hell Yeah.
Love the song and video ❤️
Your faveroute Martian 😂
I love how this is so ramdom
better than half the rappers
Sounds like Kyle.
That was pretty good tbh.
Love the song too
Awesome song lmao!😂 Uckfay ouyay
A. Little weird but okay
Love it dude..sent it to my brother and best friend and think I probably shared to facebook..in my world that's top honors..
So bloody good to have Ray back doing music!
I'd buy the album
Yo ray this shit was heat bro cmon u really got some talent
I liked it. It was very clear you were enjoying yourself.
Story of my life
that was brilliant.
¡Hilarious! and you are so cute...
🔥🔥💯🔥💯🔥💯🔥🔥
Literally bumping this like a bad habit
I like it. Really catchy. Do more
fuckin dope
Fucking Awesome
love the song funny guy
it was not too out there
More MOre MORE!!!!
iay ovelay histay ongsay. oodgay orkway aray
What tune should be in the charts bro can't stop playing it
After thinking this way a little too crazy, it's actually grown on me!  Love it
Not bad and definitely not too bizarre, if you want to see bizarre look up Truckers Delight haha.
I love it. It maked my Day
Looooove it!!
I want a clean version
What's with the storm trooper? :))
That beat go hard
Loved it Ray!
Igpay atinlay
This should be called ucfay ouyay.
Ray is a cunning linguist.
10/10
Loved it dude
Much better :)
You should upload more music video
This is awsome!!!!
More please!
McRib 🤤
loved it!!!!!!
Loved the video
Good job Ray
well good ray
loved it
Good lyrics
Behind the scenes?
More please :)
I like this song but 😧 why the stormtrooper lol
I loved it
Really love the new music ray! Enjoyed YFM and this is bringing me right back! Hope you continue with making new tracks!
dmn that was good
Make more song like this one
Love this
All I can say is, uckfay ouyay
Fred Astaire>
who is the guy/girl dancing in red costume on the couch while the screen is also red-ish?
MORE
you know i was a very religious viewer of your videos a few years ago and for some reason i just stopped watching and after years of not watching your videos I decided to go into my subscriptions and clean it up and i clicked on your channel to see what you were doing now, and THIS VIDEO is DEFINITELY going to get me watching again, I absolutely love the fuck out of it!!!! :D :D :D :D keeping my subscription :)
Sweet like candy corn
Loved it !!
is that pig latin
Nice chill song!
I love this musichahahahahaha
Still better than lil pump
Mad vybs!!!!
Your favorite ray
Not normally the type to leave comments but f*** yeah it was great
You the man! Great!!!!! !
I love the song I can't stop listening to it lol
Koolkool
This one reminds me of HoodieAllen
I love this song so much, I'm going to listen to it until I hate it.
I loved this
I really liked it
Hell, yeah. It’s looks good
wtf did I watch?! And why did I love it?!
My theme song lol applause
That was great.
Hey Ray
I dig it.
Came for the boobs, stayed for the tunes.
ahahahay uckfay eahyay, killed it bruh
Why turned on auto-generated portuguese subtitles are translating into some logical text?
Need Google Play music!
LOL XD
What's the theme?
🤔
now this song is stuck in my head
A bop
Dude awesome
I like it.
Dial it back? Uckfay that dial it up
Im grooving
Nice!
Ok what
Loved it
Wtf
I'm so retarded this the man who started your favorite Martian I think lol don't hate me
Great video!
YFM VIBES... ;(
Not bad
I have no idea what this song is about. Still, much props.
this video is weird and catchy at the same time
Fire
Love it
Great video!!!
Replace Ouyay with Kanye makes the whole song better.
Awesome ray
Sooo good
I have been watching your stuff for years but this isn’t my jam. But then as the song says you don’t care. Lol I’m only commenting because you wanted to know what people thought. 😐
You know what, its soooo, and I mean SO, bizarre. Kind of like MY personality. Awesome.
Loved it
Awesome!!
Me gusta :D
Lol
Mnmmm now I'm interested
Fat Damon is a funny name with good music
Great job
This had a bit of a nerdcore feel to me in the types of references and the irreverent style. I really like that this song is not so much a comedy rap, but more just a rap that doesn't take itself too seriously. Very fun--hoping to see more like this in the future!
What's up, Ray?
Awesome!!!
Nice and catchy
Ellohay, owhay areway ouyay?
I liked it
So awesome!
UNIQUE
That was...interesting.
what
What is uckfay ouyay?
Gee wilikers by spose. Watch it. U guys need to feature each other.
Love
Uckfay ouyay
It funny weird and awesome
I heard this song and its taken me days to find it. Finally this shit is annoyingly catchy
nice
nice
nice
wtf
Lol this is actually hard
First pin me
Very nice
UCKFAY OUYAY
nice
I'm going into 2019 with this as my background music lol XD.
very nice
I already thought i recognized the lovely Maggie V. plus my girlfriend dancing in the background. What more can a dude  hope for. Thumbs up from this guy.
Old vibes on this. Love it so much Ray!! You are awesome person!! <3
1
The vocals remind me of Weezer
The only comedian who can put comedy into rap and make it good...other than Tutweezy
Awesome!
The amount of undertones and subliminal messages he has in this is actually incredible and impressive
Very intelligent lyrics after all.
This will be my last official vlog for a while, because I'm going to start live streaming for you guys every Sunday afternoon instead. :D Kelly and I will vlog every now and then (when we do something cool and worth vlogging), but I feel that live streaming is a better and more efficient way to connect with you. :)

Also, sorry about the white spec on my neck. I'm not sure what that is.
You look like johnny Knoxville
You chose the wrong day if you're serious
Red Kelly is a great cheerleader girlfriend.
Came here just to say : 1st April 😒
I used to like orphan tears
I missed this guy so I looked him up again. Not disappointed.
You're the best! Good luck man!
We’re here for you, Ray! Keep expanding in doing your thing. Love it. ❤️
Ray out here looking Dean from the Iron Giant! 😂😂🔥
Ok, Clark. Be sure to clue in jimmy Olson and what's her name, too!! 
😉 1st!
last comment
Aww, alright! Good luck offline then! Hope to catch your livestreams!!
Do make more man, I’ve been watching since your first ever video on this channel
Lol your glasses are gigantic! Keep doing what you're doing. :)
Happy Merry Easter April 1st!
i honestly have no idea if this is an april fools joke or not. your timing is just so ironic lol.
dj khalid is my boyfriend @nudecelebz4free
Ray! Oh my gosh!!! I just realized I have been following you for 10 years ever since you were in the comic room where there was different comics behind you!!! I love you bro!!!! You literally rock! Thank you so much for everything you do!!!
Great song Conspiracy Guy.  After playing Diamond's Trivia Sunday show, requested that song after showdown.
Ik this isnt wht this is,but I gotta say it sorry YFM IS BACK BABY!!!!But yea im super hyped and glad ur coming back to music my friend
Quick Q, when will you play billy joe Armstrong in the bio pick of "The American Idiot" ? Just kidding man, love your work, and i cant be the only one who see the similarity... ✌
is this really the last one
You know i feel ray is lying just for april fools but when i saw it it wasnt
I like the blog-vlog thing, i can watch it when I like
What is your spotify?
That cat crawled into your ear.
first
Do it , follow your dream
I'm excited to see what's coming up. Oh and since it's Thanksgiving Eve, I wanted to say I'm thankful for you :)
Still rocking that baby face
All these years and Ray is still hot 😍
37th comment
Just do it!!!
noooo vlogs are better
Please come to India.
Must watch this
third
no 24 hour gyms? lol sucks to be in the US in Australia all gyms are open 24 hours a day never shut.
Omg last vlog nooooo 😐😣😑
first
There's a dude that calls himself wax over here too.
Noooooooo
I was humming the conspiracy guy song to myself all week at work
Okay
Great song but you should make a remix version....reggae style will suit that soooo good
More vlogs
Waddup
wait
does anyone know what glasses he has on are? I really like them
Hey Ray thanks for the update and I am so thrilled you are getting back into this stuff. You are talented and I hated to see YFM go down like it did. I was sad then and I am sad now but none the less happy for you! I have been watching for about 6 years, this is great to see you happy and inspired. GOOD LUCK YO!
I'm your fan since 2011, from Russia, please come here
God damn cat on the kitchen counter again!
hello I am from Russia
I love your vids ray keep it up !!
Love you ray ❤️
The song's on Soundcloud - Loved it!!!
Sweet red head :P
Yes, I‘m really excited for more music and for you to get back into it.
never been this early
Noones a mind reader? Then how did I know you were going to say that?
Are u ever going to do a show in Iowa?
Loved the new song man!!!!! Uckfay ouyay!
Bro dat was your cat on the background right
Man seeing you guys so haooy is great, makes me feel a little lonely sometimes tho :(
Thanks for watching. Let me know what you think. 

Link to Spotify:
https://open.spotify.com/track/6neHTyjdHgTZzURHfBBh2r?si=nJCoaqTJTmuvEymtZFMg3w

Link to iTunes:
hmmm... lots of "Your Favorite Martian" feelings... great stuff...
It's been years since "So that's it, uuuh, this is our last YFM song for a while..." Completely worth it
the dude was so close to exposing the truth that the government had to force Ray to make this video. Dont be fooled guys.
You're rapping again!

WITH WAX!!!

Today is a tremendously good day.
i love seeing ray back in another comedic music video. we love you ray!
we don’t have YFM but this is good enough!!
I get YFM vibes from this song.
I'm so SOOO glad that you are doing music again. I always liked your style. It also has a nostalgia feel to it. Really love this one. Can't wait for the next one.
That's cool, bro! I was waiting for your music since YFM was retired. Waiting for your next music stuff)))
Ive always found it interesting how hard it is to find a person that wholeheartedly believes in just a single conspiracy theory, yet rationally denies the others. People tend to either dismiss them all or believe in many. Which is weird....since some conspiracies have been proven accurate throughout history...that its so hard to find someone who is logical enough to find the correct ones to be upset about but denies the rest.
Welcome back to music, Ray. I've been a huge fan of YFM since Orphan Tears. Glad to see you back in action and with Wax again. Make sure he ain't shitting rainbows
Pretty damn catchy, just like back in the day...loved it 😂🤣
Yfm is back yo
Nostalgia
I love it, it’s so catchy and pretty much everyone knows that person on fb lol
I hope every YFM finds this so this guy can climb his way back to fame.
Conspiracy theory: Conspiracy Girl's an undercover Illuminati agent they sent to shut him up. Not because he was close to revealing anything but because he's annoying
cool video  ray
i love this and i cant wait till he makes more ive been waiting for this forever and ray you should try to get Jessie involved so it would be like YFM but possibly even better
Man how i hope you get back into music. This is dope. Digging it. Love it.
YES I need more of this, this gives me very stong nostalgia feels, I LOVE THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!
What I don’t like about this video? You didn’t release this sort of content sooner! Great work guys you really haven’t lost your touch it’s great to see you getting back to it!
Ma boi Puff Puff
I love this so much. Already seen it 6 times. Wish I could like a video more than once.
Damn its really good!
DIGGITY DOPE RAY!

SO glad to see your awesome return to form! Your flow was dope, your lyrics were on point, and of course, teaming up with Wax was an A+ idea!

KEEP IT UP! <3
This makes me so happy! 

Serious throwback feelings here, and with WAX!!
next one should be about a flat earther :)
Keep. Your. Music Carrer!!
You make Awesome Songs!!
Glad to see Ray's back in the music game!
It Amazing Ray 
Can’t wait for new songs 
So Glad your back to rapping
Love it you need to make this a ringtone it would be for my boyfriend lmfao
lol another great one Ray! I didn't see the ending coming! XD
Ray is back making music! Never thought I'd see this day! I'm overjoyed my dudes!
Please do more Ray!
This was lit fam!
This whole thing was fantastic I laughed a ton, great lyrics, and damn Ray you killed it with the vocals! Reminds me of YourFavortieMartian, man I miss those days! Nonetheless, great video/song and looking forward to your next one!
We got a code Eugene this is not a drill 😂
This is amazing omg! This feels old school but super new at the same time
You were meant to do music dude.  This is your God given talent.
You can be very very proud of this, it is fantastic :)
10th time I watched this love it !!!
Hell yeah Shout out to wax for taking part!!!
So glad to see you rapping again; your first verse was incredible. Also great to see Wax on the track he killed it as usual!
Yes, I know, the world's goverment closed YFM project, so thank you, Ray, for rebuilding it undercover
This music is sponsored by the Illuminati isn’t it?
omg this brings back so many memories :(
This music is so damn good it feels like there's a channel probably named conspiracy theory guy and used this song as the intro xD
Omg you're back 😍😍😍😍
Loved it Ray! Thanks for staying around.
Yes! More RWJ music!
"you commented below 'whos that kid you're standing next to?'"



Conspiracy theory
You were giving us subliminal messages to make us comment. 
Ray william u r Osm iam ur biggest fan brO i like it Dude😊
That was awesome! Ahha hilarious too! Make
More of these forsure
I missed you in your creative process! Don't stop!
Ahhhh thank you ray!!!!! The memories are flowing back in. More rap
This is so funny! I'm personally in a club at school were we talk about conspiracy theories and this kid who sits behind me keeps talking about flat earth. 😂
Btw YFM is still my favorite band till this day
this is pretty good nice work it feels like a yfm song
Yes big wax
I love the shit out of your content. ^^ These songs are relatable and entertaining. Keep up the good work!
Man, Wax's bars are straight fire, yo!

I mean, the whole song was actually pretty dope, but damn. Wax killed it.
First meeee
666th like
well I be damned LOL
GJ Ray!
Yoooooo! New music from Ray! Hell yeah!
Ahh so much YFM nostalgia!! 😍💯
I LOVED IT!! the lyrics in and of themselves were freakin awesome. You both have really good voices, for real. I can't wait for the next one!!
this brings so many memories from YFM! keep up the good music ray :)
Omg I'm getting mad YFM flashbacks from this. Loved it man can't wait to see the next one.
Dude YFM IS COMING BACK AND RELEASED ON MY DAUGHTER'S BIRTHDAY
Damn Ray nice music video I fricken love it <3 I thought it was funny when conspiracy theory guy had the key board in his hand he was rocking it!!! I'm so excited and can't wait until your next song comes out 

You and my parent's are the only reason I live if it weren't for y'all I'd be more depressed than I already am ...
Glad to see you getting back into music  :)  hope you're having fun!
Dude I love this missed your music. I listen to your favourite all the time in the car keep up the awesome work
GREAT VIDEO!!!! :D
DAT BOY RAY IS BACK!!!!!!
Oh! Wax is that guy from Steven Spielberg vs Alfred Hitchcock! :D
Keep making music Ray, your work is unique.
It’s about time you put out a new music video ray! Been waiting for something as catchy as the vids you use to put up as yfm. Good job. Definitely going to be stuck in my head today. It’s catchy.
This is AWESOME ! Totally down for more!
I loved "Your Favorite Martian" and im glad to see you doing this again man. So different from your YFM days but still so good.
Makes me think of the Your Favorite Martian-album that never was 😭
Tbh i'm a conspiracy theorist and i find this hilarious haha!
Hi
How are you
Amazing man, congrats!
More please! Always been a huge fan of your music RWJ. Take a break from stalkin' them mom's and make more!
Puff Puff is back
Love your stuff man! Good to see you again.
man so good to see you back on this project. Awesome Video!! Can not wait to see more
Ray Your great at everything you do so do what makes you happy and continue making music cuz its fantastic
Man I missed your music.
tfw a conspiracy theorist actually got laid before me ;;
This is great! 🤣
Fuuuuuuuuck yes! I've been waiting since you dropped the audio! was not disappointed!
Lol I'm pretty much a conspiracy theory guy. But I don't believe any of the theories listed in this song or have a Facebook.
Thus song made me laugh though 🤣
Hey Ray, Glad to see that you're rapping again. YFM was a huge part of my life when i was younger. keep up the good work.
Thanks for making music again Ray
It didn't suck, it flowed well and it's a Ray William Johnson ORIGINAL! Whats not to like about it? 

You have mad talent Ray. Keep it up. It's only gonna get better. (i've been a fan for some time)
These are what I loved you for in the past...

You enjoying a good parody song, mixing all of your great talents.

I did enjoy the toons from yonder songs, but this format isn't too bad. I think the white background was... meh... but I think that was to provide the contrast between mundane life vs Conspiracy crazy.

Keep up the great work!
Hilarious video man!
Love rwj, but I clicked for wax
Great to see you back making music! Love the video and song please keep up the great work!
Glad you're back to making music
I love it this it's awesome!! I think I should have been the theory girl I love knowing stuff That's unexplainable..
Finding out that you're back on the Mic made my week. And this was a perfect restart, man. Can't wait for the next one welcome back
pretty funny! lol you got rhyming skills ray
I gotta say Ray you looking good, nothings changed after 4 years. Good to see you
I didn't know RWJ worked with Quentin Tarantino. ;)
Its good I like the video and good lyric. I like when you rap faster best.
Great to see you getting back into music. Loved all the YourFavoriteMartian songs.
Is this type of person really that common?! Jeez....glad I haven't ran into them too often if that's case! :P
I wont lie 
This bring a smile to my face
Love you ray 
Nice job
Holy shit!!! The day I listened to YFM music the guy comes with a new vid!!! Nice one!
F*cking Love this Song!
Return of YFM!!! No but ray, plz don’t stop rapping, your very talented and sound really good!
Man that was awesome. Keep it up!
YFM is that you? 😍 More please!!!
You learnt to rap. Well done!
Is it me or does he resemble johnny knoxville 😂😂
Haha everything about this was good!
glad you are getting back into music, getting some massive YFM vibes and im loving it!
This was SO good. Lyrically, I'm super impressed. And it was funny as hell. Glad to see you posting stuff like this again! It's refreshing with all the trash on YouTube in recent years. Missed ya a lot!
Awesome song! Love your doing this again
The song is great, the video is outstanding! I loved it! Can’t wait to see what else you have cooking up for us! Keep up the amazing work!
More of this please, been waitng several years for this.
This is amazing! All the nostalgia is flowing rn
Love everything about this video, Good to see you doing some Good ol’ rwj rap music
Best song about conspiracy theorists ever.
I'm so glad you and Wax still kick it! Hadn't it been for you I would never have found Waxs' music back in 2010, and for that i'm forever grateful.
<3 yay! It was so good!
Sounds like your favorite martian. So good!
Could you do a song about letting go of a empty/one sided relationship?
RAY IS BACK WITH THE JAMS!
THE END IS NIGH
 Lmao
My theory is you made the song about me.👍
I am a conspiracy theory guy. Of course I believe it's possible two or more people got together and made a plan.
Ray wrote this song for Alex Jones
Yeeeesss this just made my day!!!
DOOD YES!!! RJW DOING MUSIC AGAIN!!!
I missed your rap style, Ray! I always thought that you're very melodic, and it's enjoyable as hell. Like, your verse with DeStorm from Invincible was really good, but that was pretty much the last time I heard from you. I'd love to hear more like this!
Love your vids!
this is so dope!
YFM red jacket, Ray has a red jacket. Coincidence? I don't think so..
YFM was one of my favorites (still is really), and this looks like a great start!
600th Like!
1:09 The Earth is flat ;)
More songs !!!! Thank you so much ray !!! :))))
i think this was uploaded to the wrong platform
Great job, Ray! Great to see you rap again!
Good luck.
hahah, this was great..




in his defense the Earth really is flat though
Yay! So glad to see you making music again.
I didn't knew how much I missed hearing him sing/rap till now
Ray still got it!!
I looooooove Rays music 😊✌
so glad to see you are back to makeing more music Ray i love all your old stuff cant wait to see some of the stuff you come up with now
Oh cool. You made a song about me. 😂😂😂😂😂
Lovvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeee damn Ray, killing it my dude
I'm just gonna wait for all the actual conspiracy theorists to start leaving really upset comments on this video.
Keep doing more projects with Wax, love both of your music and talents
Ah yess, knew I recognized that second rapper. He was on Epic Rap Battles of History.
Thanks for posting this, it’s incredibly relatable to me.
Keep it up Ray!
Your music is better than YFM's time :)
Mi rass.... You need to collab with Weird Al bro!
It’s great to see you making music again! I can’t wait for more
YAS BTCH
That guy wax is actually really good.
Another win. Been waiting for new stuff since you stopped zombies
Make lyrical music because your so good at it remember the song u made called invisible
This was AWESOME! Can't wait to share!
I’ll put this in my meme playlist this is funny as hell xD
Great video!
this is the comeback of the name that shall not be spoken that ive been waiting for. And its actually great!
Very nice vid. Brought me back to you starting years. Pretty good. It will be nice to see more of this.
You should do more music like "invincible" by destorm ft you but YOU need to make the music and have destorm being ft in it! Just my input.. Either way your still killing it! Keep it up!
good but I preferred it with cartoon animation have to say. makes it lot more entertaining
thanks man! love it
loved it, hope you animate this
nice music video ray. I thought it would be animated. well it's still awesome !!. been your fan  since =3
Damn Ray you came with some bars in this one lmao
glad to see you doing music again dude keep it uppppp
Is that the Freshman Philosopher?
Good job Ray!!!   ;-)
you are so hansome
I liked it but I dont like ur high pitch parts
In his defense, the moon landing IS a hoax.
First
Aye ray rapping again
Am I high
Yeah






Yeah…
Your favourite martian the sequel
Shit is lit ray...how bout u chop it up and screw it...southside style
Rays flow is so good
Keep doing stuff with wax!!!!!!!!
Awesome to see you doing music again!
It's been too long! Give me more!
Finallllyyy.... The wait is duckin over
Love it, listening to it on repeat
Wax and you? Instalike.
Dope.
THIS WAS SOOOOO GOOD
conspiracy theory guy's verse was the best
LETSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!   Freaking Awesome RAY <3
Needed more Flat Earth
Wow rhis really got me to good mood. I was surprised to see this on my feed and then i was surprised how well it was made. And it had kind of uplifting tone. Thanks Ray. You made my shitty day better
Don't be teasing us ray
But Tupac IS alive
I preferred the cartoon versions, still good tho
I love how professional it looks, but with the same light and natural humour of a homemade video, and without any pretentiousness at all! Can't wait to see what you're going to come up with next, Ray!! ^_^
Every time an anti-vaxxer gives me a headache I come and listen to this.
It makes me feel a little better lmao
Kinda cool he is doing this again!
Forgot the VEVO watermark in the thumbnail
🔥🔥🔥🔥
This is really good
How is this video not blown up? I mean like this perfectly nails political interactions on FB :)
Fucking great dude, i missed this stuff
I LOVE this!!!! Reminds me of the YOUR FAVORITE MARTIAN day!!!!!! 😆
wow that was a good song, lol
haha gfd love it
I miss your music bro.
I enjoyed this.
RWJ and Wax, love this.
He is like brown Zac Efron smirk
Its kinda catchy :p hahaha
This is awesome.
OUR BOY IS BACK!!!
I liked the coordination between Lyrics and the music...
Yes you’re rapping again! This reminds me of YFM days! Great song Ray!
Guys he has another song on Spotify it’s awesome
I just noticed this guy is from y.f.m
The moon landing was fake because the MOON DOESN'T EXIST!
Yahh boi ray
i see wax, i click like.
So excited that you're making music again! Can't wait to see what's next.
bring the beard back pls
Omg! I'm sorry i've been gone for so long! You're so pro!
Luv ya Ray.  My son is your twin,  no joke!
damn this is really god.im glad u re rappin again
He is back!
You miss the dude? Oh don't worry about THAT, you'll find someone else to make fun of, guaranteed!
Do you guys believe in nerd coolness?  That's what I feel like helping you make next and sing with you!
Nice - It's like Your favorite Martian all over again :)
You are incomparable!
Loved it!!!
More like this!
DAMN TWO, BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH THE RAP SONGS
I love it!!
This was awesome!
Yaaaas💃
Good stuff Ray
Lovely Video but the chorus should have had a female voice
Love has been sent
Cool song and funny video. Keep em coming !!!
omg wax I love red
I need more!
We need more!
Amazing bro
Awesome song.I hear it everyday
glad u making music again
Lmao.. You throw up the 3- 6’s ... 
You are with the Illuminati elite...  😂
Nice reverse psychology... lol
Who ever thinks the moon landing isn’t a hoax is a little gullible & hasn’t truly looked into it at all 🧐
That was pretty good
Cia Shill.
I LOVE THIS
I wish i could like this twice
Looks like Carl from jimmy neutron
Relatable and pretty funny. I see all the time on facebook and other places such humorous people. Some are useless jerks, but others entertaining with tin foil hat comments.
I somewhat hoped the video would be animated
You could be Michael Scott in the office reboot
This is exactly what a reptile would say.
I'm a conspiracy guy.... yes this was fun and funny.   Good stuff.
Yasssss
Yay Ray and Wax!
Love the song
Hi Ray, if I give you full credit and provide a link to this page, can I use this song in my videos please?
U still awesome
This is way better than what I thought
bring back yfm
“So what’s your Rap nickname?”
this song is really abut me
I love it dude.
This was funny asf xD
YES RAY
Why do people think this would make conspiracy theorists mad. I love it.
Love to see you making music again
you're a cutie
So i really did enjoy the music and I did enjoy the Angles and the style that you went with. The one thing I would have to say is I feel like for the music video being about the conspiracy guy he wasn't in it as much as I expected him to be I saw more of the parts were of you and wax singing that I did of the conspiracy guy, and I feel like you should have put him more in it since it's about him.
The flat Earth society is a totally different part of conspiracy theories. Not every conspiracy theorist believes the flat Earth theory.
He back
LOVE IT
I bought this on ITunes lmao
Better than any other rapper nowadays
I love the song
Always been a great rapper! Another great song.
This is so awesome.
so nice this will be a good song i ever never seen like that
Sweet!
YourFavoriteMartian!
I love this video
Posting meme
Yay!
🔥 🔥 🔥
:)
Los Angeleeeeeees
Shoutout wax
first
So great!!!
yay
oh yeaaaaah
This is what I was missing in my life.
great, loved it.
Your favorite Martian
boom!
See what orphan tears do to a man
I really hate Mark Dice and this song is about him.
ray and wax are back!!!
That was cool.
love it
Your favourite Martian!!
yu back
NEW RWJ MUSIC AND WAX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????????????????? 2018 is going great!!!!
loved it
MORE
BIG WAX!
Loving it
I love it.
Love it!
Both of you are in the illuminati.
Nice video m8
Lame
I had a friend, was one. and your song explained exactly what his life is.

1-crack head
2-flat earth believer
3-manipulative, so he can take money from people to buy hash 
4-does not want to work or go to college 
5- Conspiracy theory guy

and after he got a fat and hash abuse girlfriend.
his life started to get.... I don't know, he used to listen to DMX, but now he listens to some black faggot songs AKA weekend and ride slow XD
Loved it
Loved it
First
Wax is dope
YEAH
you said "calls himself jon doe" and i actually thought you where talking about a main character who is a conspiracy guy on my channel. lmfao, i just got pranked.
Awesome! Great Music Video!
i like
Great music video Ray! You still got it :)
Video is sick
Why do you go by Fat Damon? I don't really like it.
Yess
Coast to coast bro
So awesome
Good nice...
Wax is siiiiiiiick
YFM
So ur favourite Martian really isn’t over cause your still making comedy rap??
I liked it
Good song
Nice
This song is proof that Ray should go back to music, its fire
I’m happy
rwj sexy
This better than Jhene Aikos new music video on xxLmag.com
Early eminem - “my name is”  likish
Lol
Plot Twist: Conspiracy Girl is a reptile
Awesome!!!
awesome
yikes
Nice
Nice
Who's fat damon
Cool :)
About the vaccinating business, i heard native americans women were going to doctor for a check up and ended up getting sterile, without consent.
Good rap I like it
Gosh i missed your music videos!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Funny vid! 😀
México presente, escuchando esta canción 🎵🎵🎵
YFM is back! In a way, at least.
Still waiting on that Your Favourite Martian return....
Good
Exactly why I don't Facebook
A real conspiracy guy wouldn’t have Facebook.
Alex Jones isn’t a conspiracy theorist...
But do perfer your music videos as animations just could do more in it
UHHBB BRING BACK YFM
Sorry for the cats in the background. :)
Bro y’all look like the real life characters from UP 😂😂
Step 1 find a girl like her ;).
Soo.. uhh, Ray, when are you gonna clone Red Kelly so every man can have the perfect girlfriend? C'mon help the fam out!
My husband is the one who wants to talk about it right away. I just cannot because I will raise my voice and I hate that. It took him more than 2 years to learn to back off and let me cool down. Now that we have found a niche of communication that works well for us we have only fought one time since our year anniversary. It is really amazing and he is my best friend. I love him so deeply I honestly cannot wait to just hug and kiss him when he gets off work. That is weird since I am somewhat of a loner. 😯
This is actually pretty good advice.
kelly's hair is on point today👌👌👌 i don't know why but it looks really good.
Step 1 get in a relationship. Step 1 failed. what do I do next?
You both know what you're talking about, and it's very beautiful that you decided to share and teach about this stuff. A lot of people understandably have so many ideas and structures regarding relationships that they act based on them, instead of learning from actual personal experience and observation of themselves and others, so it's extremely valuable for you to have done this, and I hope it reaches a lot of people and inspires them to start dissolving those old belief systems and have healthier bonds with others. Thank you! :)
I've been in a relationship since 2004. I agree with these tips 100%. 

Trust is a big subject as well. I know people that look through their partner's phone constantly. Or they text them every 5 minutes, and if they don't answer, they call with a barrage of questions. This behavior, most of the time, leads to a toxic relationship. Establish a relationship built on trust and respect.
I like Adam Sandler and Quentin Tarantino movies! Looks like my relationship is gonna be just fine...
RAY...DONT LET THAT DIAMOND GET AWAY!!!..SHES PERFECT😉..PUT A RING ON HER!!!
Kitteh sighting at 2:35, doing kitteh shenanigans in the background.
Love this video, and kitteh too xox
You’ll are prefect for each other :)
Where was this 2 weeks ago, my gf dumped me, she’s moved on after 4 years together and o just can’t
I'm definitely going to used these tips when I find a new girlfriend. I can't believe it's been 3 weeks since my ex and I broke up already. I've been drowning my sorrows in Kool-Aid.
Married 15yrs through good, bad and downright horrible things. This Vlog covers good relationships so well! The wife and I say it simply, communicate, laugh and love. Know that date nights are so important, no matter what you want to call a date night be it expensive dinner & a play or a walk in the park with hot dogs! Great job, love you two!
arent you going to introduce the cat. seems lonely and bored back there
poor cat
#11 be on the same page when it comes to sex. Sometimes your partner can take it too far.
Ray please love me. Red Kelly (my girlfriend) already does
11) Talk about relationship problems. It might be especially hard to talk about problems with the feelings to your SO with your SO. But not talking about such makes it worse 100% of the time.
CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT(S)!
Solid relationship advice.
Very nice points you brought up =)  
Thank you for sharing your experience with us <3
WHATS HAPPENING GUYS
Well this is ironic since my now ex and i just beoke up 2 hours ago
You are very sympatic People 💪😎👍
I watch a lot of self development videos and meditation channels for things like this


But if I had this video those years ago beforehand I wonder how things with us would be
Whether my future gf likes it or not, she will be forced to watch Star Wars with me
Damn, these are some kickass tips!  If those are the rules you two live your relationship by, I can definitely see you two getting married soon.  And a cat in the background never needs to be apologized for!

One tip I'd add, and always push when giving relationship advice, is open and honest communication.  Thoughts and feelings repressed are thoughts and feelings unexpressed (didn't mean for that to rhyme).  Each individual should feel comfortable to express their thoughts, feelings, desires, likes, and dislikes to their partner, both openly (not withholding anything out of fear or embarrassment) and honestly (always truthfully).  Whether it's mundane matters, intimate matters, thoughts for their future together, or whatever, it's really a good policy to follow.

Another tip, related to the previous one, is honesty about oneself.  Just as a person shouldn't try to change their mate, the individual shouldn't lie about or hide who they truly are to their mate, falsely changing who they are to impress that person based on what the individual thinks that other person expects of them.  Putting on a false front and hiding things they don't want the other one to know about only leads to their mate falling in love with and building a relationship with a façade, not the genuine person, as well as leads to inevitable arguments, disappointment, or hurt feelings in the future when that aspect of the individual comes out.
I hope every good relationship never ends ....I respect Ray..such hardworking guy
#11 trust be trusting in your partner and not have to always know what they are doing and where they are.
I like the new rwj... Keep =3 as a past chapter if you wish; I give you permission :p
Hold my Beer I need Margaritas!!
Thank you guys for doing this ill keep all of this in mind love you. You guys are goals!!
this advice is gold!
This is great! I'm in a relationship that's been going for almost 3 years, we're doing almost everything that you've stated, and it's true that these steps helps to build a happy and healthy relationship :) that last point is absolutely right, relationships, no matter with whom, are ways for you to learn about yourself and people. I'm in a happy and healthy relationship, and it doesn't mean that we never fight, but at least this way we're not fighting about absolute nonsense. keep in mind, even the healthiest relationship, even by following these great steps, still doesn't guarantee that your relationship will last FOREVER, because breakups can be caused by many factors, internal or external, but at least you're not hurting each other :) I myself often told my partner the thing that will cause our break up is if one of us stop trying. that way even though we may part ways, we'll still have respect and kindness towards one another. that's number 1 key to healthy  relationship. Keep it up guys! these vlogs are so helpful <3
Hi Kelly 😘😘😘
this vid is gold! thank u thank u thank u!!! and u're perfect together <3
Ahhhhhh you guys make YouTube videos!!!!!! I love you guys to death!! 

-Nina from El Compadre ❤️
She is hot af😍
These two are like a really cute couple
I watched an interview with Sarah Jessica Parker talking about how she and Matthew Broderick have been married over 20 years. She said, "what doesn't matter, doesn't matter." I think that would be #11.
please, do russian subtitles
Bro, when are you going to pop the question already? Do it and upload it, if she is cool with it.
Thanks, that's a good video
Dude I'm not sure what I do but I'm just never good at getting a girl that likes to talk about problems aka verbal agreements. I try but now I'm out looking for one that can!
Does ray take part in or have any podcasts?
I would say that the reverse of number 8 is also true: don't blame yourself for your partners feelings.  If you can do this, I'd like to know how.
You forgot # 11..... Never ask her what  or where she wants to eat and expect a direct answer XD
Awesome advice!
Looking at this and thinking if they make another Batman movie, Kelly would make the PERFECT poison ivy
same thing about the hugs gurl
good video
ray johnson is a dominican yay
It’s hard to believe kelly isn’t a morning person
Find someone who looks at you the same way she looks at Ray.
U have fly hair...👌👌👌
I wish you'd still make music. Those were the days.
GET MARRRRIEEEDDDD
Hi ray!
If you guys are really following the advice you're giving and things are going smoothly, then don't bother with getting married because as I see it, you guys already are.
Awww
RE-COMMENT Lol Ray! I want to see you sooo bad! Please come to Utah! I’m a single Pringle...
Step 1: date a redhead
great video really funny
I don’t have the best memory and my girlfriend gets mad at me for not remembering stuff, but as soon as I hug her she isn’t mad about that anymore but she gets mad that she can’t be mad at me anymore
ray looks like clark kent
Is y'all gonna have babies or nah? :s
I would love to see Kelly with short hair
5:51
I know what you mean Kelly. I hate watching people argue
She's got a very good point.  I prefer to avoid the news as best I can as well, especially in the morning.

If anything, I'll settle for weather and the sports page.  Only bad news I want to hear is that the Mariners lost big as wind and rain rip through town.
Ray is so handsome!
I’m new here from “your favorite martian”
Ray .... I like all your videos ... Big Fan
That's the main reason why I gave up on Facebook and deactivated at the beginning of 2018. No one really cares about you as their Facebook friend, all they care about is shoving their political opinion down everyone's throat and just showing off how fabulous their life appears to be to everyone in  hopes of making you jealous of their good time... Too much drama and bitchyness. Much better without it.
Yea i stoped watching the news and i look stuff up on their own websites. Next thing you know im talking about GMOs because thats what i researched, then someone chymes in and they dont half know the half of it. Because they saw it on the news!
SO STOKED for the podcasts and soooo glad I haven't missed any yet!
Go Kelley I haven't watched the news in a long while there are so many other ways to get the actual news you need and want you go girl
Whats the name of the podcast?
I need a woman that looks at me the way Red Kelly looks at Ray
RWJ is just so pluckable.
Kelly should have her own podcast, she's always so deep and intelligent 😍
Harry Potter is just superior then ngativity
I 100% agree with the news thing, and I am not from the US but here it's the same. I stopped reading/watching/listening to news a few years go and interestingly enough, the important stuff still makes it's way to me and if I want to know more about somethig, I look it up specifically
In the UK news tends not to be as drama-driven as it is in the US.
We should at least take position on getting money out of politic. #wolf-pac
I also don’t watch the news anymore. She is right about the information and opinion part.👍🏼
she is a sweet sweet light
Amazing video!!!!! Love it all❤❤
cant wait for the podcast!
Yup, 100% Red Kelly. So tired of the news being dramatic without any solution. The media (all sides) are corporations that know how to hook people make piles of money. Turn it off for a better life.
I'm excited to hear that podcast!
I thump up and it turn 420 lol , Ray I been watching your channel long long time ago damnnnnnnnn lol keep up the crazy work man .
I stopped watching the news and TV looooooooong time ago
Please put your podcasts on spotify. I will listen to it every day if you do!
Wow i didnt know that the US news was so subjective.. isnt there an objective, opinionless option to watch the news with only the Facta of the matter?
I grew up watching the news since I was a little child. I stopped watch it because it is depressing
wow!
Kelly's camo is at a 100% both her top and her hair blend into the background 😁
I agree that one needs very little news and related commentary each day because it is mostly opinion. Those opinions mostly include blaming someone else, and picking "sides" instead of trying to find common ground. This year, there are Supreme Court, Senate, and a very important Governor race where I live, so I consume just enough information to stay informed.
She is perfect <3
Red Kelly, please forgive me...
Fake news.
Notification Squad where you at
Hello mate :D
CARLOS BASTIDAS✔ 
.LIKE.BUEN VÍDEO AMIGO. 
SALUDOS DESDE ESPAÑA. 
¡LES INVITO A MI CANAL AMIGOS Y NOS APOYAMOS OK!
Hey guys I make music for youtubers to use for free aslong as they credit and im now trying to contact him incase
he might want some chill tropical house / Edm to his channel ! :) would be amazing if we could get him to take
a listen at my music ! Also you guys can use my music on your own channels !:) If you guys use it would be sick tho if you can maybe credit :)  
could you maybe vote this up so he might see :)
Anyway happy 2018 to everyone wish you all the best!
First
Hi
1
2
Hey hey hey
The full music video should be out sometime next week. Thank you for being patient. :) 

 You can follow Fat Damon on Spotify, so you can get early access to other songs in the future: 
https://open.spotify.com/track/6neHTyjdHgTZzURHfBBh2r?si=zvwPWfzvQ4m-9LQRAdahiA
The moon landing is fake though
I'm a conspiracy guy, and i actually enjoyed this haha xD
1.25x speed. Sounds like a whole different genre
Wow, Ray is back to creating music I think life just got better!!
awesome twist dude. whats your faceberg page? i wanna add
i like this song <3
This is great. Lol
Hm. He sounds like yfm
RWJ: - ...p e r f e c t ...!
I doubt you could've made a better C T G vid than if the Ill-luminati had fed it to you themselves!
Dude, as I listened, I couldn't help but consider that perhaps...just maybe...this MIGHT be a little bit close to home...YOUR HOME?? Maybe "your girlfriend" had a penchant for some cheesecake a while back!????
Haaaa! I KEEED!
Great job-keep em comin'!!!
I love ur music
holy fuck this is so damn good please make more
So cool bro, You’re awesome ray!
Conspiracy Theory is just another weaponized word used  to silence someone when you don't like what their saying. It was started back around the Roswell crash  and really took a hold when JFK was killed, to silence people. DoubleThink, DoubleSpeak, and attempting to change definitions of vocabulary is a common Leftist/Communists tactic. It's no different that legalese, which is language for lawyers for the sole purpose of confusing people.
this totally brings back the YFM days. ❤️ loving this song, keep it up !! 💗
When YFM was a thing you made a song called road rage and at the end of the song he says "I'm finally here. Aaaaagh there's nowhere to park! Gaaah I hate my life!" well this Fat Damon should make a song about having nowhere to park. Just a suggestion but I would love to see it become a thing and nice song too I love it
Awesome music man, bringing back the RWJ music days <3 Keep it up :)
If Mr. T say that "the moonlanding is a hoax" then it is.
Yo great song! Do more of this kind of stuff!
voice is similar to YFM.
Rockefellers...New world order. If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. Standard Oil company...YouTube it. I dunno about aliens...but the fight for control of influence is definitely real. We hold these truths to be SELF EVIDENT.
Funny video. 9/11 was an inside job though
To be clear I feel like Alex Jones is actually working for the other team and is just feeding us small amounts of Truth with the disinformation he tends to Pettle upon the masses to sell ridiculous products that don't help us to afford his massive mansion that is located near the very people he talks so much s*** about. I also don't believe in the Flat Earth at all. Everything else in this song I am unfortunately guilty for believing in I even agree with your statement that I would probably f*** off if I got laid once in awhile but alas we cannot choose our situations only what we make of them
LOL. love that you are saying that all these conspiracy theory people just need to get laid
thank you so much Ray for making this and if you make more that would be awesome  keep up making songs its a talent you have
Can anyone tell me what that purple thing in the middle is? I'm pretty sure it's supposed to represent a probe, but where does the image come from?
Dude this was good i have missed your music this bring back memories. puff puff.
Like If You Know That Guy! or Comment If You Are That Guy!
Sooo GOOD!!! great work Ray =D
All Ray does is make bangers.
Feels like YFM. You did not disappoint.
Wow. This was actually really good.
Awesome! Keep up the good work
Omfg yes! Finally blessing my ears with your amazing music after all these years!!!
This is great haha
Its awesome! Keep up the great work! :)
Brilliant
I really love this!! I missed your music!
This was a really cool song, catchy too:D Can't wait for the music video.
Fire Ray! I love your music sooooo much!
Hey Ray William Johnson I am a bit offended cause I am a flat earther myself too and I am a fan of yours but seems like no more been watching your videos for 7 years now you made me laugh in your made me cry but now I think different of you now maybe listen to the conspiracies fairies a lot to open your eyes to a lot like 9/11 and JFK and all sorts thanks offending me thank you very much not a fan no more
Ray, You ARE an Illuminati.
I'm so happy rn you have no idea
I hope you will do more songs! I was sad when the YFM album was canceled😢 but this turned out great! Keep up the good work!
Okay... This high key a bop
This is dope! Love your work Ray!
Nostalgia definitely reaching an all-time high
thank you RAY for bringing back the fun music videos you rock
OMFL I MISSED THIS SO MUCH
Pure gold <3 Cheers, for more collaborations with Wax and songs like this one.
I fucking love Ray William Johnson for everything =3, Your favorite Martian, Sunday Stories and his older music I can't believe he's back <3
IM CRYING I MISSED THE MUSICCCCC I MISS YFM AND THIS IS CLOSURE
Love the song Ray it's sad that Your Favorite Martian is over but, I'm looking forward to your newer songs!!!
Awesome! I love it!!
As a YFM Fan, This was something worth waiting for. Idc what happens, THIS WORKS!!!
WAX!
You didn't mention 9/11 because you know that we know that you know its an inside job.. And no shut-up this tinfoil hat is for my hair... its sensitive to the chemicals in the air.┌─┐
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ಠ_ಠ
WAX
love the song!

and i know this isn't the music video but i would've liked this more if there were some more sweet conspiracy images
Really brings back that Your Favorite Martian nostalgia feel. Love it xx
I haven't realized how much I missed this. <3
Ray and Wax, holy shit I missed this.
Pretty cool 👽
Great to have you back making music again, Ray!
Awesome ray. Glad your back to music
Awesome!
Your Favorite earithian xD u dont konw how i missed that
You should sing more often Ray!
Pretty good!
thts pretty fucking good
Damn Ray! You still got IT! :D
Amazing. Just Amazing.

Nice work Ray
H.A.A.R.P AND CLOUD SEADING that's how they would if they do control the weather I don't know if they do do you really know if they don't?
Finally, someone calling out conspiracy theorists
Reminds me of the good ol days of Your Favourite Martian 🔥
better than I expected!
That's Funny!
Really fucking happy you're making songs again, Ray! 
Hope there's a lot more to come :)
Good to hear that singin again Ray
This is great. I'm glad you're making music again.
This brings a lot of  good memories of YFM. I love that you are making music again as Fat Damon. Keep them coming bro, this is epic.
Please make more! I've been waiting on more music for years!
This vid 3min 20sec = 180 Sec + 20 sec
180/20 = 9  and  20/180 = 0.11
>9 + 0.11 = 9.11
9.11 Ray.. it was you!!
I've been waiting for more of your music to come out, I really enjoyed this. And I do not watch your channel that often lol.
YES!! Didnt think i'd ever get to witness a Wax & RWJ colab again. Thanks, you made my day.
thank the redhead for helping to motivate you lol
An Alex Jones diss is what this is. Hahahaha excellent.
Sounds a lot like Puff Puff Humbert
yes! I love this so much!
Remembers me of the old your favorite martian times, let's go! <3 some of my favorite music with a lot of social critique!
To see what's really going you have to spend actual time looking into things, which in turn, turns you into a recluse
I really like this :)
Holy crap.  Did you see all those subliminal messages?  Jeez...  :-o
That beat is dope!
Nice to see you back rapping RAY !!! YFM was awesome. But I can't wait to hear and see more of Fat Damon.  ( p.s i missed Wax aswell good to see him back  !!! )
Yfm vibes
i miss YFM so much
man, I miss YFM  :/
Good old favourite martin days
Dude. Now this is some funny stuff. Props and respect. Lmao.
The vibes i miss yfm sound
Cheesecake is a cheap date? Only simps spend a penny on a girl, I ain't spending shit.
Gilligan's Island intro theme....nice....
Nice job Ray! Love all your work
Missed ya ♡
Ray, I love your songs. All of them! Seeing you do this again really made my day! Keep up the awesome work!!
All the songs Ray made over the years 🍑💦💉
You are the best Ray!
Awesome work man! Always like you're music
The return of yfm????
первонах! cool video bro
Great song RWJ. Can't wait for Fat Damon.
First
Yes yea yes yes so glad Ray is back with the music I love everything he does you go man ✊✊✊✊✊✊✊
First time being first so...
Yaaaa
Give him the Grammy for album of the year! Damn this is fire 🔥
Just like the old days
Lol
Amazing
Here'a a link to the song if you want to hear the whole thing before I put out the music video on Facebook: 
https://open.spotify.com/album/6WPFuZsK0xUqvyA6UB8Xp3?si=kNsd9gwKQBqrgN4yCHdt3w
You sound like Steve Carell <3
You are awesome Ray. Keep doing what you do.
I hope at the end of the video swat breaks in and arrest him;)
So you could abbreviate her name to...R Kelly
I was just listening to your favorite martion
Red Kelly's marriage material for sure
Camo and tie-dye is the outfit of 2018.
Alright, this is epic
Red Kelly can rewind time :O
How useful. A real life Ctrl Z.
Ray just wanna tell u I'm excited what your gonna bring out next
That voice reminds me of Charlie from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
Shes so good for you Ray! She keeps you busy haha
The cats tail 😂
She reminds me of the evil chick from Kingsman 2
Cold In  Southern California? What Was It 60?
Ur still amazing!! <3
All I see is Howard stern lol
I love the Conspiracy Theory Guy song.
it was cold because russia is building an ice bomb to use against the US and The Koreas in the enevnible Ww4 (and yes world war 3 happened, you just didn't know it)
I'm in love with her 😍
i came here for the cat’s tail. 5:46 was not disappointed.
<3 Happy sunday !
This is very neat!!
hey Ray, just want you to know you are my hero.
Awesome!! Can't wait
How come your always with my girlfriend >:( jk love you
COME TO NEW YORK ON UR STAND UP TOUR
Not a totally bad video, there was a cat in it. (joke, no problem)
Damn liberals smoking weed making the real conspiracies looking fake xD
Making fun of conspiracy theorists eh? You'll all see when the aliens get here!
I am Russian. Clearly, 🇷🇺 makes you a little colder but it’s just you because you haven’t been to 🇷🇺. If you don’t visit Russia, Russia visits you.
BOOM HEADSHOT
Had the same problem when acting, felt like normal life was more of a scene than characters who's actions I couldnt fully be blamed for, thats got to have something to do with the ghosts aint it?? Or is that just me lol
Hello anyone there
hello
hi
Can’t wait
You will not see me next week mr. RWJ. I will probably see you next week.
I'm on a break from touring and doing stand-up for a few months, so I thought I'd make some music. One of the songs I'm working on is on Spotify, Listen to it here: https://open.spotify.com/album/2yhKHxj8kkiKb4tc9PK4X7?si=UDwV8ijQSk6fvWCEcMw_wA

Also, I'm doing a regular podcast with Epic Lloyd. The podcast isn't quite edited yet. I'll let you know when it's ready. :)
I LOVED Your Favourite Martian, please please please be along those lines... very happy bunny right here xox
Omg I am so excited!!!! Your Favorite Martian was my fave band ever!!!!!
I was so bummed when YFM was over, especially because that Christmas was the album. Please make more music Rwj ❤️
Kelly's awesome. Glad she's pushing you to be a better version of yourself and put yourself out there. I think we all need a Kelly in our lives.
Ok, played the song... Oh man, this is gold. It IS like YFM all over again. I'm so happy right now! xox
As a critique, the production is just phenomenal. What is that deep brassy, maybe analogue sound in the backing, like a loop going BAA baa, soooo catchy.
Omg thanks kelly thanks honestly
I miss Your Favorite Martian! It was Awesome!
The song is golden. I was in elementary school when YFM first came out, and that was and now I’m a senior in high school. This is an amazing blast from the past and I can’t wait to hear more! 

Keep up the good work and I’m always gonna be a fan, man (:
Still listening to Your Favorite Martian till this Very Day!!!! Love your Music Bro!!! RWJ One Of The Best Rappers I Know!!!! I'm Feeling Hyped!!!!
The song is actually awesome. Fat Damon droppin' fire
YES RAY IS BACK IN THE GAME WOOOOOOO. YFM NEVER DIED,IT LIVED ON IN OUR HEARTS AND NOW FAT DAMON IS TAKIN OVER YES IVE BEEN WIAITNG FOR THIS FOR YEARS. THANK YOU SO MUCH KELLY THANK YOUUUU
Oh shit! I'm so excited to hear your new stuff man
YFM never Died because Ray lives on
WAX IS SO COOL!!
Omg i love that u started music again im downloading spotify jus to listen to it but can u put it on utube
I didn't know you had an issue with the sponsor person, omg I'm so happy to hear,I was sooooo sad that YFM never released the cd album but I've bought some of the songs on the Google play store. 
I loved a lot of the nerd
Omg I still listen to orphan tears, love all your songs..... thanks jelly for making ray go back to music 🎧...... ps still annoyed you hate shrek
Dude yall are so cute
I m from India and a big fan of you,  u really makes amazing videos, keep posting...
Thanks to you Kelly.👍🏻
IIIIIIII.......I'D RATHER BE COMPLETELY OUT OF MY MIND... PARTY MY LIFE AWAY, LEAVE ALL MY WORRIES BEHIND! I'm excited to see Derrick again
Actually so happy Derek is back, because I used to watch all the old podcasts
Way to go man!!!!
Thank you Kelly! 😂
YES, MORE MUSIC. I really like the song, it's pretty good.
I'm really excited for the podcast, Epic Lloyd and you should be a great duo
OMG Music!!!! I've been waiting on more music!! Lol
YEAH! thank you guys, this is gonna be awesome
Finally ray is going to drop some heat 🔥😂
Your favourite readhead is the best name
ive been waiting so long for this! Ray thank you
Yo me and some friends went through ur stuff and the zombie romance one was actually a personal fave lmao
Why you gotta cover up her face like that in the thumhnail? lmfao! 😂😂😂
You should do more music again rip the yfm album
Tel her to stop being so amazingly pretty
Yess ive loved all the songs u made and cant wait for more
Just listened to Conspiracy Theory Guy.  Awesome.  Are you going to become the new Weird Al???
I loved invincible by De Storm ft RWJ and Chester See
duuuuude I still put your songs on repeat, orphan tears was one of my favorites! welcome back man!
I'm really glad you are making music again Ray.. Just awesome
Damn man, loved YFM. Glad you're making music again.
they remind me Johnny Depp and Wynona Rider in Edward Scissor Hands
Omg I was a big fan of Your Favorite Martian because of you, now I just can't wait to hear the new music you're going to create.. Wishing you the best of luck!!
What about the podcast on spotify for spotify users!!!!!
Personally loved the music make more of them!
Ok man I just listened to your Conspiracy Theory song. That was a masterpiece man. I still wish my voice was more like yours. Imagine...you sound like that with about a half a decade without practice, what will you sound like when you get back into your groove? BTW Please do some more video game stuff man. Those were your best back in the day.
Finally bringing back the music! Maybe a song with Lloyd?
I love wax , he’s so underrated
Yooo Ray that song's awesome, it would be the best thing to see you get back into making music, your shit was and still is great! :D
That song sounds like it's written about Eddie Bravo lol
Yes more music! Thanks Red Kelly for being bae! Now come tour Denver! love you
Derek Shelby on sound!
YESSSS
Great song! Loved it!
YES!!!!! Finally :D
thanks red kelly you is awesome!!!! looking foward to your music and maybe future shows??? thanks ray!!!
Orphan Tears is my favorite YFM song
Hey, I'm from Kansas City and we don't often see people wearing KC gear unless also from the midwest. Are Kelly and her friend also from Kansas City?
This update vid is so much hype!
Yee yfm Ray i love you sooo múch 💙💚💛💜💝
That was the saddest day on YouTube,  when I heard about this and you retired Your Favorite Martian.  I'm excited.
Zombie Love Song - (Your Favorite Martian music video)  Is. The. Best. Hands Down.
Zombie Love Song was the best song from Your Favorite Martian...
OOOH MY GOD

YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
Damn, Kelly is hot!
for some reason I thought this was going to involve a proposal
YESSSSSSSS PLZ BE LIKE YFM...OR BE YFM YESSS
COLLAB WITH JESSE
I give the song a 100%. seriously miss yfm
Well done! Absolutely love it!
Yes I loved yfm my favorite it take over the word
just listened to the song, good shit ray
I just heard Conspiracy Theory Guy, and it is pure GOLD! The Illuminati are behind all of this
Love Derek....
Wooop, good to hear singing Ray again!
First...
OMG YEES I LOVE YFM
I heart you guys so much
I think I just pissed my pants
It was good please do more
Yes! I still listen to ymf 5y later
your favourite red hair. hehe
I’m still sippin on orphan tears tho
Ray  bring the beard back
Thanks Kelly.
I'm super stoked!
The new song is dope! Reminds me of when I was binge-listening YFM songs every day!
is the video going to be animated or real life? people?
No Apple Music?
I didn’t know you were behind your favorite martian...
Would really love to see Kelly do a music video.
YFM REBORN!!!! FINALLY!!!!
Its a very nice song!
Ray is doing music! Damn it must be a goverment plan to slave our minds thru this music comedy thing! (puts on foil hat)
thanks kelly thanks!!!
THEY MAKE THE FROGS GAY! Alex Jones trump supporter and hosted Trump on show.............Not even lying!
"YAAAAAAYYYYYY"

                   ~Your girlfriend 2018~
Loved your video loads
I’m So HaPpY
Don't stop the vlogs tho..
PODCASTS WITH DEREK????????????
Ray has black hair Obama has black hair I'm just saying
Thank you
What about apple music
Wooooooooooo!
Yo Ray you still got bars bro don't sleep on yourself! Please if it is at all possible bring back YFM!!! Or at least do more animated comedy videos with you rapping in them because I know you got more in the tank and your writing is fuppin hilarious
love the new song!
https://soundcloud.com/krishrecords vibes!
Finnallyyyy
I loved
Can't wait
yeet
Omfg yes!
First????????
good song budy
K
Kelly is too hot to be in the sketches
So your mortgage is due now?
Ray has black hair Obama has black hair I'm just saying
She is stunning
Damn! It used to remind me to collect rent from the tenants.
next one should be " Your Wedding is Due ". ;)
Wait, My rent is no longer due??? THANK sweet 9lb 8oz Baby Jesus!!! I can finally spend it on other things!!!
She's cool. Reminds me of Kimmy Schmidt.
Generic hateful comment
I miss your Favorite Martian
So...if Kelly's my girlfriend...does that mean Ray is my boyfriend??
Marry her bruh
Love the vlogs!!
I giggled every time "your rent is due" showed up on the feed I loved all of them 😊😊😊
2:04 Kelly, Ray, we are all actors in life. What matters the most is the character of the actor. What is noticeable the most is that none of our lives is rehearsed... We just get our chance at it in one take  ;)
Well damn, I guess I'll have to get a mortgage now.
lofl this was hilarious and i love the behind the scenes/making of skits and things like that

this was a great ha bisky vlog i love you both and i am not sure how good i would be at acting anymore since i cant remember anything anymore
I liked the Rent is due thing. I used it myself.
Proud of you 2. Need a comedy show asap
Kelly your so dam beautiful
I love how he just casually mention "cause you know my place burntdown"
Happy early Valentine's day!
Oh boy I'm early
Ray!!!
I guess I'm never paying rent again
HBDAY 2 HER
I loved "Your rent is due". I understand why you would want to end it now. Thanks for the reminders!
Gr8 seeing you doing gr8 ray
can you include the videos at the end?
I didnt know he did sketches. Is it on another channel?
My favorite was when you painted her back .. That really caught my attention
My house is almost done being built, so my rent will no longer be due soon!
Where are the videos I saw on Facebook???
Second
I loved this little bit. SO many times it reminded me, also it is really cool that the "Your rent is no longer due" thing happened when it did. Ray said we need to get a mortgage anyways, well I am! Great timing, after 6 years of watching I still giggle and out right laugh at some of the craziness. Thanks! @RedKelly My fav was the one with you two wearing the "Your Rent is Due" hoodies. XD I want one!
<3
love the red hair!!
You are a lucky dude don’t ever cheat on her.
Hello guys 😘😘😘
ray won life
GODDAMN SHES HOT!
Hey is it okay if I use your character Puff in a animation meme!? I'll credit you Thank you for your time
Breaking news : rent is no longer due anywhere.
his ray has got an angel....
God damn it now I'm getting evicted
My rent gets paid automatically. I just wanted to se how creative he could get with it. He can fin a new monthly joke.
Where to watch the sketches?
❤️
When I catch a late fee . . . I’m blaming you Ray!! Lol
Hi
16th
Hola
Your teeth are awesome....maaan...so holywoodish! You`re very beatiful people!!!
It's so nice to see Ray doing well
7:29 It's Frodo who tells Sam that they're walking in circles.

I'll see myself out.
But what about the animals... fck it she is beautiful
Red pandas are just high class raccoons
You are so adorable, Kelly. 😍
She’s a smoke show.
hey ray I have been watching u since like 2012... and your still funny af. anyway good luck with youtube and your sketches

oh and happy birthday Kelly you are so pretty
Happy Birthday.  Red Kelly is gorgeous. That personality with very few likes in a sentence. Plus, she's got a booty. 😀
I'm just like Ray I don't like all the attention. I feel exactly the same way. Happy Birthday Kelly.
How can a human be that attractive
I mean...she is very beautiful...
Man she's gorgeous
Happy birthday Kelly!! You guys are such a cute couple!
Jesus Ray, your glasses are huge, how heavy are they?
You've never seen each other respond to the call of nature? You can have an entire family meeting on the can! Take your relationship to the next level.  ;)
Happy Red Birthday Kelly
Happy birthday Kelly!!! I'm a huge fan. Love your videos. Keep up the good work.
Happy birthday Red Kelly! HBTY!
Come to the Indianapolis Zoo! We have TWO RED PANDAS!!! And they are also a lot more active. If Red Kelly wants to see a red panda, the Indianapolis Zoo is perfect. We are also one of only three zoos in the entire United States to have walruses.
And I totally agree with you on birthdays. I hate them. And the Facebook birthday thing makes it so much worse. 
Keep being awesome guys.
Happy Birthday Kelly!!!!!
Happy birthday, Kelly! 😘
Happy Birthday!
Oh, Ray. Goodness me.
you two have a truly good relationship i wish i had a one the same
Happy bday kellllllly... and yes you are BEAUTIFULL!!!!
Happy bday kellllllly and have fun at the zoo you and ray are so cute together
Happy Birthday RED KELLY!
First!!!
Awww happy birthday Red Panda Kelly ❤️
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU
Happy Birthday Kelly ! Awesome vid , thanks for sharing this with us all <3 you're awesome Ray .
Happy cake day to ya girlfriend.  Love seeing you happy, Mr RWJ.
Happy Birthday Kelly!! If I see a Red Panda on the East coast, I'll make sure to take a pic and video then tweet it to Ray for you to enjoy. It's the best I can do <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY your girlfriend
Can't wait till next Sunday!
This is awesome I'm laying down with my stuffed animal (a red panda of course) and that was my mission when I went to the zoo. Although, I saw one and got the stuffed animal for it. 😎🙃
Keep making these, they make me so happy, I look forward to seeing them like everyy week
She purdy...
Why is epicloyd there?
Hi Ray, hi Kelly, what's up?
I feel the EXACT SAME WAY about birthdays as Ray does!!
Happy birthday my GF ♥
Happy Birthday, Kelly!
Happy Birthday Kelly
Happy birthday Red Kelly! 😎
thank you ray, my wife now understands why i don't celebrate my birthday.
Glad you’re doing good and still doing your thing ray. I wish you the best homie
I can sell you a red Panda. Or you can buy it from me. Happy birthday to the red girl stalking you.
She so bubbly and cute I want her in miniature size
Happy Birthday Red Kelly!
Bruh I feel the same way about my birthday. I don't feel special or have the need to celebrate my birthday
first
Wow my girlfriend is so beautiful haha
Ray's happiness is my happiness. That and seeing his GORGEOUS girlfriend makes me haopy.
Happy Birthday Kelly!!!
I love watching these weekly vlogs more than I enjoy any other daily vlogs
try to get to cologne there are definitly red pandas!!
👍🏻
there IS NO 13TH FLOOR!
A cervix 😂
red heads <3
Mother's day should be abolished and on your birthday you should celebrate and thank your mom for having you.
I'm curious to see what she would look like with blonde hair
I don't like birthdays either, I didn't make anything, I prefer celebrating muy mother on my birthday as she did all the work that day and it was not easy to bring this huge head into the world
If you ever visit the Netherlands, make your way to the Amersfoort Zoo,  quite a few red pandas there. Chilling and grooming high up in the trees, very cute.
If you want to see peacocks you can visit the Los Angeles County Arboretum. There are many that freely roam the grounds.
"Don't like the attention I get on my birthday"?
Exactly. I don't want the attention either.
'Appy birthday
Happy past birthday! 🎉
You guys are awesome happy late birthday Kelly!! Ray you look so happy with her she's perfect for you.
Bring Red Kelly to Fort Wayne, IN and I will get her a meet up with a real Red Panda!
Happy birthday!!!
Yay
Yeah exactly my point....i didn't achieve anything by being born !!! Why celebrate!!😂😄
Hey
Hi
hi
beautiful bastaads
Yay!!!!!
She is the hottest girl I’ve ever seen
Kelly literally looks like a disney princess
Still, I can only pay attetion to her beautifulness
I came here for ray but I stay for kelly.
You are doing what you love to do and also dating the Little Mermaid. Good for you man, happy for you.
The redhead making faces the whole time
I want someone to look at me the way Kelly looks at ray.
She's so happy lmao she's always smiling and looking at ray
damn it ray, your girlfriend is insane. How can anybody NOT fall in Love with her? Way too pretty and cute. Greetings tho.
Imagine that your kids will be able to watch these. They will really get to know the history behind their awesome mom/dad
I wish I had a red kelly in my life
Am I only one who thinks she would be a perfect Jean Gray
Go outside and get yourself a Kelly
If I made a movie that got James Franco to be in the remake. I wouldn't think it would be a failure. Just a stepping stone.
My beau and I watch at least one terrible movie a week. The Room just got added to our list. Thanks Ray and Kelly.
also thanks for the inspiration guys. I'm gonna go out there and fail till I win
Holy shit I was literally talking about you with my brother not even 6 hours ago O_o
Rays squeeze looks like Jessica Rabbit
Ray is a lucky man.
Omg. Her face. Im in love.  Stop being so freaking cute for god sake.
Ray your girlfriend looks so much like erin from The Office played by Ellie Kemper
well, gonna fail my next exam for you. apparently its a good thing ?
You need to watch Birdemic Shock and Terror
19th!!!!! XDDDDDDD
I’m so happy to know loyd and ray are still friends love you guys
Ever seen Sharknado?
When are you gonna be performing in Tucson again!?:)
Happy New year  Ray . Lol. Have a great 2018 . Your  videos are funny lol
RAY! You HAVE to watch the Room in theaters! Theres another showing in LA on the 19th it is a great experience watching it in the theaters!
those sketches have more views tham my country has people






 (Aus)
2nd
wow that woman's positivity is infectious
Ray's girlfriend looks like Jessica Rabbit
Watch Blade 4 and tell me which is worse
7th!
Kelly is a plus.
Yo come to NYC!!
Hmm can't be as bad as Amazon Women on the Moon.....
Where can I watch the sketches?
There are certainly worse movies but the The Room is so bad that it becomes good, hence why it lives in infamy.
What's up
Who else loves ray??
The amount Sex scenes in the video you guys are watching is like they're copying Dawson's Creek or the Girlfriend Experience.
15M people in the netherlands xD so even more then a country.
First
You are both so inspiring even when talking about failure :)
What
First
Probably one of my favorite channels on youtube =) Always cheers me up! im trying to contact him incase he
needs music for  his  youtube! I make music for creators to use in youtube aslong as they credit! Was hoping
we could get him to check the music out and hopefully like it and use it! :D
Could you maybe vote this up so they might check it ? :) Thanks guys! Also if you guys have channels your
free to use it!
Great Sunday story :)
❣️❤️❣️❤️❣️❤️❣️Ahhhhhh!!!!
OMG!!!! WOW!!! 
AWESOME!!!!!
❤️❣️❤️❣️❤️❣️❤️
make babies already
I think he is finnaly happy
A man whose house burnt up twice and can still say “2017 was my best year” truly knows how to stay positive.
I absolutely love Red Kelly's vivacious personality. She radiates joy.
Ray William Johnson I been with you for a long time the very first video I seen for you is just a friend
I'd burn my house and all my possessions in an instant if I could move in with a smoking hot redhead like "my girlfriend".
Ray was you cringing at the singing and dancing duets? Your eyes said you was cringing deep inside like "Why the hell did we do that?". 😂😂 Happy New Year. All the best for 2018.
I love that Ray makes these videos! I saw his show in NC and I had the best time. Everyone was so friendly and I can't wait to see him again. He's really opened up to his audience and I just see him as a friend and I always feel a little better watching his videos (laughter truly is the best medicine).
This is so sweet! Happy New year!
“Are we getting drunk again?”
I’ve been there.
been a fan for a while and this video makes me genuinely happy
You guys are so adorable! I love watching your vlogs, they always put a smile on my face!
Holy crap you guys are the best couple ever!
Great vid Ray
He looks like the villain from Scott pilgrim vs the world
Happy to see you doing good! God bless.
Yes!!! Tour again I missed u in 2017
Love those vlogs! Happy New Year to both of you!
Kelly loves you so much!
Come to alaska
Hey Ray. I have been following you for so many years. Since you were doing the video reviews. I have never seen you so happy, good for you. After all I have never seen you in such a good place and as happy. Big hug. Happy New year. And best wishes to you.
Come to NYC!!
Good to see you happy Ray. Keep on livin' the good days bro
Awesome Vlogs.. Love you guys !
9 minutes passed so fast ...I want more :d
Happy New Year, "Boo-two" !!!😆😉
everybody is saying 2017 sucked.. but here you saying it was actually the best year of your life. Thank you ray, you are truly the best
Love you two
Come in Montreal anytime ! There's an english crowd waiting for you ! Quebec if really the place for humour after LA and New-York.
:D
i love this channel :)
Bruh  i didnt know that you were in Alabama I wish I could've been there but I definitely could have not gone in
More Vlogs!
Really good
Ray please come to Capone's in Johnson City TN!!!!!!!
Hi
Hiii!!🙊🙈😸
first
Hey ray
Early
First
Eaaarrrlllyyy
First
You better marry that girl ray
Ray she wants the ring on her finger!
God damnt ray just marry her or i will
Your gf is more festive than santa himself
she just asked for a ring lol
hints dropped
"Oh my god you're that guy" 😂
Red Kelly is awesome and so are you Ray!
Your girlfriend is so adorable. 😍
That magic 8 ball knows Ray too well
I watch this with my 1 year old daughter, she sat through the whole video silent but started to dance as soon as the ending music started. I don't know if she was happy that it was over or just liked the song. LOL... Happy New Year you two
happy new year everyone 🎆🎆
We Europeans open all presents on Xmas Eve...
God you are so lucky ... nice frnds beautiful and cute gf and famous life ... may the anxiety stay away from you
Our family opens one present on Christmas Eve also.  The most memorable one was when I was 9-10.  I picked the biggest box because it was the biggest.  It was full of bath towels.  I burst into tears because well... I was a kid.  As an adult I would love nice bath towels.
When are you in Boston? I'm dying to see your show.
Marry her
Assemble!!
I have the same cat sweater.... it's so comfy and jingly.
Hello Ray, my main man, what's up?
oh my gosh, i have that same carousel decoration from 05:16 ! it plays music and everything! :)
You should do a Freshman Philosopher about why Christmas is dumb too
<3
first
first
Wow, u are a lucky guy..
second
third
First
First
Oh ma god so old
OMG SHE IS SO freaky awesomeness
Cat walls
Iluvrwj
Lol
"OH MY GOODNESS!" said Kelly. LOL! XD
Have a great next year Ray and then the years to come!!! :)))
Just watch Jumanji and Kelly reminds me of Karen Gillan
Kelly was thinking like me. Haha. Use the spatula to spank your naughty bum Ray. Haha
Damn Kelly!
It's a great relationship when you can shave a cat's butt together. Merry Christmas to you two!
dat face tho xD
1:48
That cat looks he’s having flashbacks
She's so cute
Oh man oh man are you one lucky man
That's great
Merry Xmas everyone!
I love my girlfriend Red Kelly
Merry Chrysler!!!
Merry Christmas to the 4 of y'all !!
Love the "christmas song is just wrong" rant!!
Y'all are great!! Alone  in my apt.- Really brightened up christmas morning. Thank you!😆
its my birthday on thursday
puff puff
Merry Christmas!
8th!!!
Thanks for starting my weeks on a high note
Like my comment Ray?
Merry Xmas to Ray and your Girlfriend!
Love those vlogs!! Merry Christmas!!
You two really are cute together, merry Christmas to you both
Merry xmass to you guys...
I love you guys, you're so cute together.   That was very brave to trim the cat's hair.  I have a dog that I had to do that for and I'll tell you, he did not like that.   Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!
RAY I LOVEEEE YOU AND ALL YOUR VIDEOS !! :D
Merry Xmas!
How many miles to the theater? I hope it's not past an hour.
Merry Christmas Ray and Kelly!
Merry Christmas guys!
🤔
100th
Oh man I Love your Videos is Good  I Like you
First
Merry Christmas
Live strong
I'm in love with Kelly, sorry ray.
A lot of the stuff in those Christmas songs related to older traditions.
Better marry her!
Merry christmas
Merry Christmas, Ray & Kelly! 🎄❤️
Am I the only one that thought ... OMG they have great teeth lol..
super funny episode :)
Rocking around the Christmas tree comes from Danish tradition where you dance and sing around the tree.
Came here for the shaved kitty butts...
She sucks all the attention when she is around. This women as real powers. That's incredible.
First boi!!!!!!!!
I love Christmas songs. Even though I'm atheist and I also think they make no sense. I think they're just outdated. Draft horses have bob tails (they tie them up or cut them idk) and they put bells in them.
1st
Ray have you aged at all?
Red Kelley marry me !
Oh star wars.
hi
Come out and watch our stand-up shows live. I'm about to hit NORTHERN CALIFORNIA (San Fransisco, Sacramento, San Jose) next week. See our tour schedule here: 

https://facebook.com/raywilliamjohnson/events
Ah these two.  You can see in their eyes that they truly care about each other. Sorry about the struggles Kelly, Ray, and anyone else going through anything.  You will all get through it and find happy excitement.
3:56 "yea no shit" lmaooo im dead
Yo, Ray move to Russia, no fires ...just cold :D
Ray ...... I don't normally comment, but I take my hat off to you bruv. it's hard enough to get on stage & make people laugh but to have that on your mind & still do it RESPECT !!
Yo she reminds me of unbreakable kimmy Schmitt
Ray....if you don't marry this woman
I swear
This dude spends more time with my girlfriend than I do! Wtf ray?!
Bruhhh, we had an electrical fire in my old house.  I managed to get into the attic and extinguish the visible flames.  The fire department got there and demolished my room to make sure there was nothing in the walls.  Ultimately Fire Marshall told us we could no longer live in the house and just like that we didnt have a house anymore.
I’m still pissed that she doesn’t like shrek
Looks like a young jay Leno
Red Kelly is hot!
My home town still being threatened by the VTA 🔥. Hats off to all personel that have been helping fight the winds and fire..
She is perfect 😍
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry for what happened, I hope you all will be alright. Hope many good things come your way, your very strong to to keep dedicating your time to making people laugh with all you've been going through. I'm glad you, your girlfriend, and you guy's cat's are safe. And that most certainly is what matters the most, but still nonetheless you've my condolences and respect. Good luck from a stranger!😅😊
only vlogs i like to watch
Ray man. You good doodle do?
I lost one to fire and one to a flood. Yep... so now I rent a condo and last week my neighbor's condo caught fire... luckily other than some smoke we were ok this time. Still haven't been able to afford to replace stuff from the first 2 times. I think I should live in an RV and just drive away from this stuff!
Dude it Always happens on the way to the Comedy Club.

😅Well I'm glad everyone's fine
i ship it
loved this episode.
"Well, that's no good!"
I agree, who breaks up in the middle of a buffet. He was merciless
10:39 had me rolling
btw you ever coming over to London ?
You didn't get hit by the snow when you were in AL Ray?
Love it! Thank you, Ray!
I got pics by that rocket in the intro lol
Ray, do a stream so we can give you some love
You burn me I won't get burned again
I wish I'd known you was in Alabama:( sorry bout the fire
Souplantation is the universal long term relationship date night (with children) locale. Breaking up at a Souplantation is a travesty! As bad as when someone puts their dirty plate on your table when you stepped away to get a drink quickly. The sign said "Be Ripe Back!"
i still love you Ray!
damn almost had me freaking out that you both lost your homes
This Kelly is insanely hot!
The things you own, end up owning you.
Hey I used to work at Applebee's LOL the things I've seen by the employees and some customers
This is the End 2
I enjoy watching this series, like the little things that gets put into it like how he referers to his girl as your girl. Feel like im more engaged and more of a part of the video.
Do you have Fire insurance ?
Ray, the Last Air Bender "Everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked, again... WTF Guys?" Glad everyone's okay at least, sorry this crap keeps happening in your life Ray! :l
awesome as always
When is the wedding for you two??
Don't die nibba
👍👍👍
why the hell did the fire start? was it a who or a what?
That's one reason to rent instead of buying I guess
Ohh my Gwad
These fires around here have been crazy around here, I have asthma and I’m literally a mountain in between all the fires. But hey were all alive, so here’s to the next year
Move to Michigan, we get snow not fire
That would be so bad if one day you go back to the buffet, then tell her, “Honey are you going to have that second serving now?”
Hell yes your still funny
Ok
RIP home
If you don’t have food I’ll send you flamin hot Cheetos
You would think you would learn..
Sorry to hear about your home , but atleast your with your girlfriend safe and sound
House burned - check, wild fire - check, what's next? Airplane crash? Meteorite? Gamma ray bursts?
Damn sucks
That really sucks about your house. I wish Trump would do something like sending the National Guard to dig a align a fire line. Good luck on your endeavors peace it's a great thing to be able to make people laugh in a world like this
I have w new girlfriend and I don't know what to talk to her about I have ran out of things to say someone recommend something
what happened?
Sorry Ray,  but I think you'll have to leave her. No normal person would say they didn't love shrek.
How can someone never see shrek?!!
I'm more upset that she didn't enjoy shrek...
It's all ogre now
Shrek is life shrek is love
I don't think I can like Kelly anymore after hearing what she said about Shrek! :(
S O M E B O D Y   O N C E   T O L D   M E . . . .
People that don´t love shrek don´t love life.
SOMEBODY once told me she’s never seen Shrek..... she ain’t the sharpest tool in the shed
i almost cried when red Kelly kept insulting Shrek. Its so good
You have to get a new gf
Wow! This is heartbreaking! Her NOT seeing Shreak for like ever and then seeing it and NOT liking it is a Complete Deal Breaker! You know what must be Done Ray 😔😔
I think at least some of the reason she doesn't like the movie is related to the timing. That and the fact that she was already prepared to not like it given that it's a DreamWorks lol.
dreamworks actually got a lot of good movies. how to train your dragon, kung fu panda (first and second), MEGAMIND!
Kung Fu Panda is one of the best animation movies ever! 
And both How to train a dragon's are also absolutely amazing movies!
Dump her
ray I think your gonna have to ditch her.
They need a DreamWorks store full of shrek stuff
Shrek is a great movie. Maybe Kelly didn't like it because there's a theory that this film was supposed to be poking fun at Disney like a "Disney is bad" film. Since she likes Disney so much, maybe this theory has something to do with that.
Did she literally staged here whole apartment with colors to match here pale/redhair magnificence?
I don't think individuals who don't like Shrek count as humans.
Shrek is AMAZING






She has failed us all
Omg i LOVE SHREK WHAT!!! How can you not like it 😭
Title:She's Never Seen Shrek!?...
My mind: She's Never Seen God!?
You told her she had to watch and like Shrek. When something is framed up that way, many people instinctively go devil's advocate. There was no chance, bro. It's like saying, "Hey, I heard the funniest joke, here it is:" No one's going to laugh. Too built up.
I prefer dreamworks animation over disney animation movie
have her watch all the shreks as a part of evaluating your relationship with red kelly series XD
Your videos are the nuts thanks been following you for ages hey about time you came to the UK let me know bro :)
How did she not like Shrek? :(
There is even a shrek festival!
2 points for Red Kelly! ;)
She doesn't like Shrek... It's like finding out somebody you have crush on kills puppies for a living :(
Shrek was cool, especially the musical!
I pop up here and there just to say how hot Ray's girlfriend is
Keep rockin that Alec Baldwin hair, Ray. It suits you :)
I'm in Florida so our ice rinks are inside
Thank you, Ray! I always love to watch your stuff! Best wishes and best of luck ❤️
Love the episode. Entertaining 10 minutes 😊
I know a guy who knows a guy who have never seen Star Wars... not a single episode... fckr
Ray William Johnson ❤
What up ray met you at the Huntsville show👌
U know what, ppl here in Siberia go in circles in ice rinks as well.
Btw, how come didn't she watch Shrek?
I thought I wanted my own red Kelly then she dissed shrek :(
I thought this was gonna be clickbait 😐😑
Hey Ray I'll will feel the sane way if my girl never watched Naruto.
Ok forget you and your hatred of DreamWorks! 
Madagascar was an AMAZING movie!

The sequels were sub par and the Penguins of Madagascar tv show was dumb, I will admit that. 

But Madagascar was AMAZING!!!
She was playing you ray, no one can hate shrek. .... just heaps of amo to get you with
Shrek hater?! Time to find a new woman!
Kelly I think you might have a problem in the comments. Like what Paul Revere actually said "the haters are commenting! The haters are commenting!"

Anyways I like the Dreamwork movies. There's actually shittier foreign animated movies that parody big blockbuster movies of Disney, Pixar, & DreamWorks. Also DreamWorks is creating one of my favorite cartoons on Netflix: Voltron.
Shrek is great, but my favorite DreamWorks movie is Kung Fu Panda.
B... what do you mean it opens with smash mouth. Gimme a hell yeah for shrek
well there it is the one thing that is wrong with her! no one could have been that perfect but I will say you ended up finding a HHUUUUUGE fault right there cause to not like Shrek, you have to be a pretty despicable person
Its nice to see you doing good ray
Some... B O D Y is going to get shrecked.
i love her more now that she hates smash mouth
I like how he calls her our girlfriend. Also she is great haters gonna hate
21
Non shrek people is like a cat without a head. You get nothing from it but at least it doesn’t bite.
Dump her...
1. I hated the Olaf thing ugh so annoying they should have just put it on Disney channel as a special not in theatres anywhere 

2. Ray, have you seen Shrek on Broadway tho?!?
Can't wait for the new Star Wars movie
shrek is love shrek is life
Shrek is amazing and Mike myers is a god. Not watching Shrek is almost as bad as not seeing the Matrix...Almost
Shrek is life lol
Shrek is love...Shrek, is life.
shrek is the best.
After those years of getting bullied by kids asking me "where's shrek?" because my name is Fiona I'm kind of glad Kelly has avoided them all
We love Shrek!!
Shrekfast cereal :D
watch Shrek !!
Kelly has good taste!
Hi
First
SOMEBODY
I hear they removed the olaf short
At least she'd rather watch Shrek than Olaf's Frozen Adventure. That's a good sign
If somebody insults a movie from start to finish they were not just prepared, but determined to dislike it.
Shrek is love shrek is life
I feel all the love I had for Red Kelly slowing disappearing and it makes me incredibly sad .... how can she not like shrek .... how ??? 😓😓😓😭😭😭😢😢😢😭😭😭😓😓😓
I wish Olaf's Frozen Adventure came separate from Coco because my mom and I would love to see that short, but mom refuses to pay to see Coco. She says that nothing about it screams "Watch me outside of Netflix"
wtf
Dude, I can't believe she has never seen Shrek.  I am what you would call a "Disney Dad", meaning that I never let my kids watch something age appropriate before I saw it first. I will say that I gave a lot of leeway though and it was a lot of fun.  Shrek is awesome.
great
Ok Shrek is a fun movie but I will agree Smashmouth is lame. I hate that song so much. And yes there are immature fart jokes, but much of the hilarity of the series comes from the fact that you can’t really take it seriously
That short of frozen did not come to latin america -.-
Marry her
Star Trek > Star Wars
I’m with Kelly, I hated Shrek
I never watched star wars
Come out and watch our stand-up shows live. We're about to hit GEORGIA, ALABAMA, and Northern California in the next few weeks. See our tour schedule here: 

https://facebook.com/raywilliamjohnson/events
Holy sh*t she's just the most beautiful girl I've seen... today.
You are lucky man to have a gf like her
I’m really glad to see life going good for you man
Before college- I love Christmas 
During college-f*** off Christmas
Omg her mom is just like her, and they're so cute together. These videos always make me smile through the whole thing, you two really are perfect for each other
Ok coming from someone who is older, The reason the MAN ( head of the household) cuts the turkey is a showing of honor that he has provided for his family for another year.
soccer ball hahahahahaha
Best Star Wars chat I have ever witnessed lol :P
BB8 is a footbal confirmed xD aslong as she knows the first 3 she's good
Carving the bird is a conspiracy to get all the best pieces of meat for themselves. We bought into it ladies!
Lucky guy...

(Love those videos!!)
14 seconds late damn
1. In my house, I cut the turkey because my husband is too lazy to do it.
2. I wait until after Thanksgiving to buy presents, but decorations do not go up until December 11. Two weeks is long enough.
3. My favorite Star Wars is The Half Blood Prince.
You guys are so cute!!!!!!
It's also apparently a South African  thing, the man cuts the meat... don't know why I've learned not to ask questions
it's because the Man is suppose to provide for his family. Cutting the turkey is you Providing and giving.
If you go by stores logic Christmas starts exactly the day after thanksgiving
Thank you, Ray! So lovely! ❤️
Isnt his girlfriend from the flash?
I run a high-end pub. Christmas starts for us in early Summer :/  We also took our first Christmas Day booking in August!
Star wars is the best thing ever
Lol leave maggie alone 😂😂😂
first?
are they dating?
Hey Ray, what's up?
yeah school this girl on Star Wars..Merry Christmas.
My aunt Kim cuts a mean turkey every year
Bell’d up
Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan
His girlfriend reminds of Mary Jayne Watson looks wise at least
Lol Hey Ray, we the Mexican families do this the day after thanksgiving. We have to put up the lights on the house and also get the Christmas tree too. So don't feel to bad about it bro. Looks like you guys had fun doing together.
that poor cat
hi
Your gf is hot
First
Love your vids
Too funny ... "soccer ball "
so ray is having 3somes all the time now? he made it
s o c c e r b a l l
Come out and watch our stand-up shows live. We're about to hit GEORGIA and ALABAMA next week. See our tour schedule here: 

https://facebook.com/raywilliamjohnson/events
9:59...ohh cmon you could have honestly added the extra second
Damn she's looking at you with tons of love! All men should find girl with look like that <3
8:07. I knew you didn't like contact or hugs.  That's why when I saw you in Portland I didn't want to touch you Ray. I'm the same way as you though.  Allergic to stranger touch. 

P.S. you don't owe us nothing Ray.  You've created quality and humorous content just being you good sir. That's why your comedy shows are packed and will continue to be a hit with little advertising the event.
You always play with yourself
I actually didn't recognize maggie until you told her to act silly on the photo
She doesn't suit blond.
I'll be honest I was kind of apprehensive of the new style of your videos, but now I can honestly say that it grew on me  and I really appreciate the innovation you bring to youtube :)
Your videos always feel like a breath of fresh air, if you know what I mean hahahahaha
Red > blond all day!
Good show in El Paso, man. Come back soon!
This is so much better than jake paul kind of screaming vlogs
Where's all these sketches they're talking about? I can't find them on Ray's channel.
Man like Ray be on point
Well Maggie, I did not recognize her. . . I hafta say she looked beautiful as a red head...
El, paso tx. My home. Currently living in germany. Hope you had a great show
Yo Ray come visit Europe with your tour program! Watching your vids and I’m like “damn I can’t be on your show”. Anyway, good luck with your shows!
I already said it to Maggie on her Facebook but she looks really nice as a blonde even tho I like the redhead Maggie even better.
The El Paso show was great! You should come every year! Just not at The Lowbrow Palace, that $3 fee was a scam.
Come to the RGV😭😭 its like the southernmost tip of Texas.
everyone needs to find a girl who smiles as much as kelly does
Who is the model they both look like models?
You gotta practise on your blue steel a bit more
Dont worry Kelly everyone wants to hug you.
I totally get the anxiety thing. I have less anxiety right before performing for marching band contest than I do ordering food somewhere new by myself.
come to Australia..you will only get a handshake from me and a "good job" shoulder pat...
"Because anxiety makes no sence" perfect answer!
Ray would make a really good buff Mario cosplayer
I missed the el paso show but next time ray
I totally agree about your stance on being on stage is easier than hugging people. In a sense there is a minor barrier between you and the audience and that comforts me a bit when I perform.
Netflix Special next???🤔
<3
You guys are awesome, keep it up.
Maggie is the best
Ray you were in Tucson!!!!!!!!! What!  I didn't even know, I seen you in Phoenix but I live in Tucson! Dang
I have been under the impression that Kelly and Maggie were the same person and now I am confused why I had that impression.
Yo. Ray the next Zoolander
I’m dying for you to come down under
I'm gonna say it again I love these videos it's like sitting in a room with you guys hearing about the last week it's fum
I thought she was Ann Coulter  through the thumbnail. I later realized that this isn't her, as the lady in the video actually has both a heart and soul lol
I know that I am similar to Ray. I get anxiety one on one but am okay with public speaking. When I am one on one meeting a new person or in a small group I feel like it’s more catty and there is more room for others to be judgey.
Still don't get the hugs thing cx she's right (: id be scared to do stuff in front of hundreds of ppl
i'd go see your show if i could
Okay ray
5:05 luigi
Im in georgia 💪 long time fan your awesome #BlackBaby
Very funny
wow magige hair !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
